dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Great doctor, he really knows his stuff! Doesn't give up always going an extra mile for me and my family. I've been seeing him for years and so has my family when my mom started over 8years ago after she fell. His staff is also great too! Always a smile and helping with any insurance questions I need answered.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	-1	 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Dr. Taylor has been very professional and I have thankful to have him as my doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Its amazing that you interact with Great doctor rather than a PA. She is a Genius and I give her an A++. Clinic is a wonderful place and with great facilities and expert staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	-1	This man is unprofessional. He is constantly trying to force people to see things his way and refuses to listen to any information that does not fit within his narrative. I do not recommend this man as he has great potential to cause a great deal of harm.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	Dr. Tutt was really nice and friendly. Unfortunately, I had to wait for 2 hours with my 3 young children in the waiting room. Other than that, the doctor was really great.  	3	2	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
5	1	She was filling in for my doctors office while they got their new doctor. She was wonderful.  If she said she'd call you back, she did.  She called to check and see how I was doing. She never hurried me or my husband.  She answered all our questions and never made me feel like what I was asking was silly.  She seems like a very caring doctor as well.  I am sorry to see her leave wyoming.  I would definitely recommend her to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
5	1	We loved this doctor. She took a minute to get used to, her manner was a bit short. But after a visit or two we were completely comfortable with her. She did answer all of our questions and address all of our concerns. My husband and I were totally satisfied with her and used her for two our children. My sister in law is now seeing her and has had the same experience.  I would absolutely recommend her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
5	1	Dr. Tyburski has always answered my questions completely.  She gives me her full attention during my appointments and makes me feel comfortable as possible.  My phone calls are always returned within a timely manner.  The staff does their best to help me with my concerns.  Dr. Tyburski is punctual, unless she has a delivery which, of course she has no control over. In which case, the staff will give the patient a choice of waiting or rescheduling for those who are already in the office.  Those who have not shown up yet they will try to reach so they will not have to wait unnecesssary.  Since I come from out of town I appreciate.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
5	1	Dr. Tyburski is a very qualified and professional doctor. I would recommend her to anyone. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	If you ask her a question, you are made to feel like an idiot and told that it is normal.  I stopped asking questions. 	 10/25/07	5	2	1	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	I was appalled at his bedside manner. He left bruises hip to hip while removing a neuro-stimulator lead and sutures and I was told to &quot;Suck it up- your fine&quot; while I was crying from the pain a PAIN MANAGEMENT doctor inflicted on me. After the removal was complete, he walked out- slammed the door and told his nurse to &quot;Go put a band-aid on her&quot;. His nurse was shocked at the state I was in and asked if she needed to contact someone to collect me- as I was unfit to drive due to the pain and lack of pain medication or numbing agents used. She also informed me that he would &quot;keep my pain meds coming but he was done trying treatments&quot;... he himself wouldn't come and tell me this.Pain management is a last resort- end of the road for pain treatments when the other doctors cant cure it... I never expected them to cause me more pain or have the doctor lack all compassion for his patient and the affliction he was supposed to be attending.  	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
7	1	May also be listed as David L. Thompson or David Leslie Thompson. He's very straightforward, but don't let that make you think he's cold. He just likes to give the facts. He and his staff are very much on top of their game, fast and efficient.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
8	-1	very unprofessional! was treated very badly! very concerned about his knowledge as a dr. also the nurse was extremely uneducated. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Dr. Turner is a very good physician. He is very caring and understanding. My entire family (I have three kids age 6 mos, 3 years, and 6years) see Dr. Turner.  I would highly recommend him.  He is not in Chickasha as listed, but is in Blanchard at the Blanchard Family Medicine Clinic.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	The wait time is too long, over 1 1/2 hours long and she forgets  your referral. 	1	1	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Every time but once that I have gone to see Dr. Ting I have had to wait two hours because she is double and triple booked. Because of this I would not recommend her to anyone.  She is always in a huge rush and does not have time to really sit and listen to your concerns or answer questions. Otherwise, I like her. If it weren't such a pain to switch PCs I would probably find someone else. 	 6/10/12	1	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Dr. Ting is helpful, sincere, and has a good bed side mannor. She always listened and cared. My husband and I were both very happy to have found her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	I have been with Dr. Ting for many years and have nearly always been highly pleased with her performance.  She expresses a caring attitude in most (but not all) instances. She spends a good amount of time with me listening to my concerns.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
9	1	Dr Ting is great, I've just starting using her this past year. I was referred by a friend. She's always professional and very attentive to me and all my questions.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Dr. Ting is terrific.  She is both mine and my wife's primary care provider.  She has always gone out of her way to take care of us and I would recommend her to anyone looking for a good family doc. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	0	I had a appointment with Dr. Williams, but they sent this new Dr. in to see me, and I was very disappointed that they would do this.  I will NOT go back there.  	5	3	3	3 	Insurance:Medicare
10	1	Dr. Tate was very easy to work with and answered any and all questions i had. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Dr. Tucker has been my primary care physician for over two years.  The staff has always been polite, courteous and helpful.  Dr. Tucker has always been willing to invest time in visiting with me and very interested in my health.  For example: on my last visit she personally reviewed my entire lab test results with me - something that's not the norm with most doctors.  I made a scheduling error on my last visit and was almost 45 minutes late.  Both Dr. Tucker & her staff were very &quot;forgiving&quot;, and had me come in anyway.  They're very nice people to be with.   I have a history of having routine health care for the last 30 years, I've have had about  primary care physicians during that time.  I'd rate Dr. Tucker as one of the best for her attentiveness and her willingness to be open-minded and flexible in the treatment she recommends.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
11	1	I really like this doctor.  Sometimes the waits are long, but it's definitely worth it.  I've never had to wait longer than 30 mins.  I will definitely have her as my doctor for a long time.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unicare
11	1	This is the first and only time I have been &quot;fired&quot; by a Dr. the reason for receiving my &quot;letter of dismissal/discontinuing of service&quot; is simply because I complained about having to wait an hour for a scheduled appt. I was more than on time but she was consistently not. I don't know that it's her fault or her staff who seems to quadtriple book her appts. the mentality is not customer service oriented and if you complain you are out. The staff cops an attitude, their position is if you don't like it go somewhere else. And I did.  	1	1	3	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
11	1	She is a wonderful doctor. She spent a lot of time with me and although I had seen a specialist that couldn't find the problem. She asked a lot of questions and asked about other medicine I was taking. She found the problem was a drug interaction problem. She is our doc for the whole family. We love her.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
11	1	recently moving from Canada and worried about health care here, I was happy to find Dr. Tucker. She wasw very thorough and took her time with me. This is one thing I have had Doctor's rush and it is frustrating.  Very nice to find someone who still cares about her patients 		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
11	1	I just had my first visit and it was great. Very knowledgable and very thorough. She spends more time than you'd typically expect with a doctor. I had an early morning appointment (they start as early as 7:15A) which works out great since I can go to the doc and not have to take PTO time. Overall I'l recommend her to anyone. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	0	Surly office staff. Extremely long waits are the norm. It wasn't uncommon to wait 4 hours, & a 6 hour wait occurred 4 times. When asked if the doctor had been called out on an emergency, the reply was &quot;no&quot; every time. Seeing people lined up canceling their appointments because they were tired of waiting was the norm. Though she is competent, one of her colleagues is definitely not. You pray that he's not the one on call because he is medically ignorant, arrogant, & patronizing.  		1	2	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
12	1	Dr Tarpay has the best bedside manner versus other Dr's we've used.  Unfortunately, that compassion does not translate to punctuality.  We have sat in the patient room for a minimum of 1 hour every appointment for the past 6 years.  Our longest wait was 2 hours.  After I said something to her nurses, she came to our room in 5 minutes and spend maybe another 10 minutes with my Son and then we were done. We have also had numerous appointments moved because of Dr Tarpay's travel schedule. Her staff will ridicule you if you are even 5 minutes late because of traffic, but She can be as late as she wants. We are done and will not be seeing her again because of this issue. We have lives too and there is zero consideration given by Dr Tarpay and her staff.  If there were a negative score here for punctuality, I would have given it.  We really did like her when we got to see her, but the tradeoff is just something we are not willing to do any longer.  	1	1	3	5 	Insurance:Aetna
12	0	dr tarpay is a good doctor,but if she ever asks you to do allergy testing it is 9.35 a stick no one ever told me it is considered a procedure and will most likely not be coved by insurance and my medicne cost me about 300.00 a month.  and I  did not even get tested for food allergies.  	3	1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	Wow, Dr. Tarpay is one of the most amazing doctors I have ever met. She was incredibly compassionate with my infant son who had come to her for suspected food allergies. She seems like the type of doctor who is a mover and a shaker in the medical field. My son's GI doctor called her immediately back while I was in the office (even though the previous week my husband had to keep calling and he eventually called back the next day). We learned that she is well known and well respected among other physicians in related fields. Dr. Tarpay is VERY throughout and spent a lot of time with us, like 2 hours at least. At the end of the appointment, she encouraged us to call her and even helped us gather our stuff and walked us out the facility!!!  I was truly amazed at her knowledge, bedside manner, and her intense desire to help my son. The nurse we saw was pretty awesome, too. She has a really good staff in place.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	I saw Dr. Tarpay as a child in 1991 and didn't fully appreciate her until I had kids of my own. If Asthma is something that hampers their daily activities, I hope Dr. Tarpay is still practicing! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Dr. Tarpay is the most wonderful, dedicated professional I have ever met. She becomes your child's second mother, just as passionate in her fight against asthma/allergies as if the child were her own. She was a Godsend when we needed her most. She would call and check up on us, too. What a refreshing change, when it had been so very difficult to get help or answers from her previous doctors. I feel like Dr. Tarpay saved my daughter's life. She is unique. God bless and reward her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	We call her &quot;Dr. God&quot; at our house.  She saved my daughters life by being so thourough, answering all of our questions, and just being so accurate in her diagnosis.  She is very personable, and will answer all of your questions.  When my daughter arrived at her office, she was diagnosed with Pneumonia.  (We had been to another doctor; a DO,  who told me to give my daughter cheetos and icee's and it would help her feel better.)  Dr. Tarpay could not believe it.  She called us daily after I took my daughter home.....even on Christmas Day!  Now what other doctor would ever do that for you.  We love you Dr. Tarpay, The Durbin's.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	She is very thorough and made sure that my 12-year old son knew what medicines he had and how to control his asthma.  Although you may wait an hour to see her, she will spend at least 2-3 hours with you.  AT LEAST.  She answers any questions you may have, and when calling her, she will personally call to answer your questions.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
13	1	Found the problem that no doctor in Bartlesville or Tulsa could find 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Dr Tupper preformed an operation on me and did an excellent job. Before the operation he made me aware of the pros and cons and he also told me about alternative treatment. He was polite and punctual and the staff in his office were as well. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Dr Trost is kind and understanding. Does &quot;gently blunt&quot; make sense&#63;  I do think he misses my diagnosis  but then he's the doctor. The treatment  none the less has helped. He has been very careful in the monitoring of my medications.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
14	1	Dr Trost iistens to you and tries to help you thru the situation and never jusges you for anything.. Very patient in his words..  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	One of the kindest, and most organized gynecologist I've ever had. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	LOVE Dr. Teirnan. I have had many problems with a particular stubborn tooth. Include a horrible pain that required Dr. Teirnan to come in on a saturday and save me. I have perfect teeth now and owe it all to him. Love the office and modern-equipment. highly recommend here and in everyday life.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	I have very sensitive teeth and needed a root canal done.  This was easily the best experience I have had at a dentist. I only had to wait 5 minutes, very nice and very clean waiting room and exam areas.  All the assistants were very helpful and had excellent bedside manner. The Doc himself, who is actually a DMD, was very nice, funny and made me feel very comfortable.  I rarely ever leave comments on these type of sites, but I felt this Dentist deserved every word.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
16	1	I was apprehensive because I hadn't been to the dentist in years. Dr. Tiernan is amazing and I always recommend this office to all my coworkers and friends. They are so comforting and I really feel that they CARE about me as a patient and they want to make sure that I am happy with my treatements. I feel lucky to have found this office. The staff is all amazing and helful and so friendly. You should seriously choose this office for all your dental needs.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
16	1	Simply the best in every way. Makes the best inlays, onlays and crowns anywhere and worries about matching the color to your actual tooth color. I can't think of any improvements he could make. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	i have been goig to dr. Tiernan for about two years now and i have gradually began to smile again. I look forward to my monthly ortho appointments. He is always in a good mood, brings a great atmostphere to the office. ive been through gum removal surgery, fillings, and braces with him. I have been to many other dentistrys, but none have been as knowledgeable as he is. He treats me like family, and i consider him a member of mine. He has made every experience a painless and memerable time. He always has a smile on his face even if he is having a bad day, and he is always cracking jokes with his workers. I would highly recommend him to any one for anything they are needing done! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	He is very personable and professional. He' s a Christian, so you may even get a prayer out of him too. By the way, the dental work I had came our GREAT! I am quite pleased with the results.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
16	1	Extremely nice guy and always makes sure your trip to the Dentist is great, very knowledgable and caring towards his patients. I really like him and would recommend him to anyone. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Very thorough. Sometimes runs late but it is because she is dealing with an emergency, sometimes I have been that emergency. I had her see my daughter for her whole pregnancy and delivery and she was great.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	-1	In my opinion, he does not seem to care. He is also difficult to understand. He gave me a prescription for medication I could not afford. He did not spend as much time with me as I think he should have. 		2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Dr. Tripathy was extremely helpful. When nobody else was able to make the diagnosis, he ordered the appropriate tests. Got back with us promptly and prescribed the appriate medication. He has been very diligent in his follow-up care. His staff has been wonderful.  We are very staisfied with our doctor 	 8/17/10	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
19	1	I find Dr. Tripathy a very willing partner in my health.  He makes sure my annual testing is done and everything is on track (I do not have to keep up with this need).  He listens to my problems an/or questions and remembers what we talked about when I visit again.  Angie is his personal nurse and she is just as sweet and caring as he is.........I have never felt rushed by anyone in their office or that all they want is my money.  I would be more than happy to recommend Dr. Tripathy to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
19	-1	I'm not a happy camper. He seems nice enough, he just doesn't listen like a physician should. But, then again, how much can you really hear in 50 seconds...which is the average length of time he spends with me on my visits. His staff is a joke. If ONLY they took 1/3rd of the time treating me as a patient, as they took getting my insurance information and making damn sure they were going to get paid, maybe I wouldn't be feeling like crap after six weeks of begging for their help. That's the bottom line...I still fell like crap. Do yourself a favor, find someone else. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	. Very compasionate and considerate! 	3	3	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Dr. Taubman and the OU Medical team provided the very best care for my dad.  We took him in through the ER at St. John's for emergency evaluation for leg amputation as our local doctors had refused to do surgery due to heart complications.  My dad made it through three surgeries and is doing well now at home.   They are AMAZING! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
21	0	Dr Taubman treated my brother-in-law for diabetes related complications - basically multiple amputations.  The patient's outlook was extremely grim, as he was also on dialysis and his heart was rated at 20%.  Dr Taubman never offered hospice as an alternative.  When the request was made to release the patient to St John hospice, Dr Taubman refused.  Instead Dr Taubman seemed satisfied to continue amputating, as little as 2 inches at a time.  My sister ended up getting Grace Hospice to accept him and he died with dignity, within 3 days. 	4	4	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Dr. Taubman went out of his way to keep the family informed when my husband was hospitalized. He takes the time that is needed to explain each thing and never skips over any questions, no matter how trivial.  We weren't used to that but do appreciate it.  Thanks, Dr.  T! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Very knowledgeable.  Is experienced with vascular surgery and will take the time to explain until the patient and the patient's family understands all.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	Dr. Treacy is the best and his staff is wonderful and fun. I would and have recommended him to my family and friends.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	. I would recommend Dr Treacy to anyone! He is a great doctor! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
22	0	Staffing makes all the difference in the world.  I no longer see this Doctor, primary reason: the staff! 	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	I have knows Dr. Treacy for about 6 years. Being a nurse in the emergency room we would have to call on him to consult our gyeno patients. He was not only a pleasure to work with he was always very knowledgable and even if it was 2am he was kind and caring toward his patient. I now use him as my personal gyenocologist and highly recommend him to anyone. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	This is our second pregnancy and my original OBGYN retired so we went with Dr. Treacy. (He was recommended to us by several people.)  I have been to 8 appts with him now and more often then not I have had to sit in the back room for at least 30 mins and when he finally gets back there it is so rushed I always feel cheated and like I am only just another number to him.  Also he has told me to remind him of important things at the next appt instead of writing them down in my chart!  If it were not so late in my pregnancy I would have changed docs. I do not recommend this doctor as he is right now, maybe if they reduced the number of patients they were taking so he could dedicate the amount of time diserved the rest of his patients and their charts.  He is quite knowelegable and after being reminded several times in an appt,he will perform any tests mentioned in previous appts. The nurses for the most part seem to be both knowlegable and take there time with you.  Overall need improvement! 	4	2	3	5 	Insurance:Tricare
22	0	Treacy was VERY rude. He told me &quot;i'd scheduled during a bad week&quot; and he &quot;didn't have time to look at my chart&quot; then he did my exam in 1 min flat.... i felt like i'd been raped. I would definately NOT recommend this doctor.  	3	1	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	Dr. Treacy was very pleasant and knowledgeable. His nurses and staff were pleasant.  Overall good Dotor 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
22	1	I went to Dr. Treacy when I became pregnant with my son and was so happy with his treatment and bed-side manner that I now see him as my regular GYN. I feel completely comfortable discussing an problems with him and will continue to see him as long as my insurance company will let me.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
22	1	Great Doc, the only thing I've found out is that Dr Treacy does not spend nearly enough time with each patient.  Other than that he's super 	4	3	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
22	1	The doctor is willing to dedicate time to each appointment and actively listens to his patients. He is open-minded and very proactive in his treatments. He is also willing to treat less researched diseases like endometriosis and vaginitis which many doctors will ignore or fail to treat effectively. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	this doctor is one in a million. she is careing,she loves what she does, she listens. she gives you the time it takes to be shure you are at ease,she is a jewel among jewels. I would just like to thank her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Very nice, knows her stuff! Makes you fell completely comfortable in her office. Very hands on, great personality! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	. I paid with a co-pay, she was great very nice! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	She is always willing to fit me into her schedule. She listens to what you would like done and does not impose her methods on you. She gives you choice and discuses pros and cons. Very good doctor who listens to you then treats you. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Professional, Friendly, Caring, Compassionate doctor and staff. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	nice guy but rather pushy, before you ask for a bite plate make sure that you insurance covers it b/c they will make you feel horrible.  		4	5	4 	Insurance:Delta Dental
27	1	He has demonstrated an uncommon ability to make a proper diagnosis promptly and with confidence.  I have the utmost respect and confidence in his decisions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
27	1	Our whole family used Dr Thompson until we had to switch due to an insurance change. He's awesome. He's very knowledible but he's quick to look things up and not just assume he knows. He listens and diagnosed a blood issue with my husband that no one else had. Highly recommended. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Fused 5 lower lumbar segments all took and worked as well as could possibly be expected.  Some residual pain and no flexability.  Improved ability to continue to do limited life style.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
28	-1	He has absolutely no common sense. If he can't read it in a book he doesn't know it. He also seems to be on the side of Worker's Comp instead of what is best for me. Conversations with him do not match what is reported to Work Comp. Before surgery he was great but his level of care afterwards is lacking.  	4	2	3	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
28	1	Very through!  Covered all my questions and went over all my options - ones he recommended and ones he didn't and why. Extremely detailed.   Recommeded him to many family and friends none have been disappointed 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
28	1	My Son has had constant neck problems and Dr. Tomecek was very knowledgeable and caring with him. we as a family are very comfortable sending our children and my self for spinal related injuries to Dr. Tomecek.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	I found dr Tomecek and his staff to be great. They fixed my arm pain and I have been able to go back to work.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	Dr. Tomecek is very knowledgable and very caring. He takes the time to answer every question and make sure that you understand your condition completely. Even when he is running behind schedule, he takes all of the time he needs to make you feel comfortable with what is going on (as much as possible). Very empathetic. Would recommend him to anyone needing his services.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	Excellent! Very caring, very knowlegable. I have entrusted my kids lives to his care and he has not let us down.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	-1	very cocky and horrible listening skills for a doctor.  		1	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
29	0	 	4	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	First-class operation.  Dr. Trammel is very knowlegeable, personable, and approachable, as is his office staff, especially Angie.   Well done, all! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
30	1	I had MAJOR jaw surgery done on both top and bottom jaws. the entire office took amazing care of me the entire time. He was in the hospital to check on me EVERY day I was in there. He always went the extra mile to make sure everything came out perfectly and fought my insurance company so that I wouldn't have to pay. He was wonderful to me, and has removed many of my family and friend's wisdom teeth and they too have absolutely loved him. He even came in on a sunday just because we had a question about if an area was healing correctly. He and his staff have always gone above and beyond for me and all those I have sent his way! Oh and I acctually get compliments from dentists on how perfect my jaw is alligned now! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	I had my wisdom teeth pulled out by him and he told me that he was going to have to work around my sinus to pull put the top ones, and whatever he did made my sinus screwed up BAD!!! I have had a sinus infection for 7 months not to mention all the antibiotics and nasal spray I have been put on by my PCP.  When I told him of my symptoms of green puss coming out my nose, swelling, redness, and headaches.  He was very rude and all he said was I dont know what your talking about.  And left the room.  So now I will be having sinus surgery nexxt month because of him!  DO NOT GO HERE WHAT SO EVER.  Very rude and always running late!!!!!!!!!!!  My wisdom teeth still have not healed there is still a hole back there that I have to clean extra good with a water pick.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
31	1	Dr. Taylor is a good dr when you get to see her. It is very hard to get into her office which is a minus. From a standpoint of being a good Dr, I would recomend her if you are patient. Her office is not the one to go to if you have medical issues that require constant care. If you are some who needs yearly visits and occassional sick visits, then I would go there. I do hate how hard it is to see her.  	2	3	5	4 	Insurance:Medicare
31	-1	I received an unsigned letter from Dr. Cynthia L. Taylor wrongfully alleging that I was a “missed appointment” and I will be dismissed if I miss three or more appointments. My last treatment record clearly indicates “F/U 2 WKS” and DID NOT note a specific “follow-up” time. This explains why I go to the urgent care clinics in Norman on a frequent basis. I work a mid-shift (10:30pm thru 0630am) and attend school (430pm thru 830pm) with a sleep appointment sometime in between all that. It takes a lengthy amount of time for her people to give me a suitable time other than mid-morning and mid-day appointments. This has always been a problem with her people for which “out of respect” I tried to accommodate as “her patient” so I didn’t come off as a complainer. Dr. Taylors missed appointment letter confirms that “out of respect for all patients” I will be dismissing her as my family doctor and find a better doctor/staff that will treat me with respect and give me the proper service.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
31	-1	Dr. Taylor and her staff are terrible! The amount of time to get in for an appt is at least 3 months! I had the flu and had to go to Urgent Care because I couldn't get in. So with my insurance that was out of my pocket! She put me on an anti-depressant at one point and I had severe side effects *suicidal* I called her and instead of her telling me to stop the meds she told me to cut them in half. The only reason I continued to see her was because she was my assigned Dr through my insurance.  DO NOT GO TO HER IF YOU HAVE A CHOICE! 	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
31	-1	DR.Taylor is usually not around.  Staff is rude and antagonistic.  They do not care about you as a person or your children.  If you raise your voice at them they will call security on you.  They would probably call in the SWAT Team or the Armed Forces if you actually did become physically aggressive.  DO NOT take your child/children here for your own mental well-being.  Horrible experience(s).  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
31	-1	I used Dr. Taylor's office for about     3 1/2 years.  I only saw her 3 times in that three years, and saw her nurse practitioner Leslie Butler the rest of the time. Leslie did not listen to me when i repeated told her i felt something was wrong with the son's ears. After being forceful and having hearing test done we discovered he can not hear! She kept telling me for a year my son's ears were fine and clear! My son is two and he cant hear, he has fluid in his ears. He has a new doctor now, and will be getting the care he needs. Hopefully the damage is not permanent after the tubes are put in.  Please find a different doctors office this one is bad!!! 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
31	1	When my daughter was born, the hospital gave us Dr. Taylor's number.  She is almost 15 months now.  It is difficult to get an appointment, especially on short notice, but Dr. Taylor helped us with our formula selection (my daughter had to be switched to soy) and with colic.  Her father is Hispanic and they have a nurse there that is always with us.  My husband rarely needs a translation, but it helped when she was sick and I was at work.  Dr. Taylor has always addressed my concerns.  	4	3	4	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
31	-1	I am very dissatisfied with Dr. Taylor's office.  She herself seems like a good doctor, but her office is ran terribly.  I can never get my son in when he is sick.  The only time he is seen there is when I have scheduled a well child check months in advance.  If he is sick, I always have to take him to urgent care to be seen.  I took my son to urgent care last week because of a high fever and they told me he had the flu.  They prescribed him Tamiflu and said to follow up with pediatrician for check up.  I called Dr. Taylor's office today to make appointment to check him because he still has a bad cough that's not going away.  The lady actually said to me that they are not seeing any children that have the flu or checking up on any children that had the flu because there are just too many of them.  Are you serious!&#63;!  So, I told my child's doctor's office that he had a bad cough that needed to be checked and they refused to make him an appointment.   Don't choose this doctor!!!!! 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	0	At first I was happy with Dr. Taylor herself, but after about the age of 2, we started seeing the nurse practioners more and more.  We were dropped from the clinic because they said we missed too many appointments, but had just seen one of the nurse practioners 3 months prior to being dropped&#63;&#63;&#63; I didn't get this at all.  If I wanted my child to see Dr. Taylor I had to schedule in advance and most of the time the wait is not until an entire month.  Do yourself a favor and find a pediatrician that WILL see your child if they are sick.  	1	1	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	0	We were not impressed with the quality of service we received at Dr. Taylor's office. We have a one month old baby who we thought was sick and we called and tried to get in to see Dr. Taylor and we were told they could not fit us in and they tried to schedule an appointment for us a week away. For me, as a new parent, I would have liked a Doctor to be concerned and want to put my concerns at ease. Instead, the nurse mentioned that we could come get a pamphlet on colic--without even seeing the baby. I guess they feel comfortable diagnosing over the phone (It turned out to be something else). We also had many questions on our baby's 2 week and 2 month check-up and felt that Dr. Taylor was in a hurry to get the appointment over with. I guess that is just the quality of service you get when you are on Soonercare.  	3	3	2	3 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
31	1	When my son was born 7 years ago, it started out seeing Dr. Taylor herself.  I was fairly pleased with the service, but there were long waits.  As time progressed, I started seeing Dr. Taylor less and less because of seeing the nurse practitioners in the office.  We missed 2 appointments and were dropped because of missing appointments even when calling ahead 24 hours and canceling.  	2	1	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	The waits are sometimes long, but Dr. Taylor always gives you her full attention, and is generally very good.  My family likes her practice. 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	She is such a great doctor, the wait is long sometimes but she will sit in there and talk with you until you have no more questions or she has gone over everything! The nurses are great too! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Dr. Thurston and staff are the best.  I'd refer anyone to use him.  They have been very good to us and my son went to him until he was in his late teens because he has allergies/asthma, and Dr Thurston has always known what works and what doesn't.  I always felt like we were going to see family because everyone is so nice and helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	I Love Dr. Taguchi!!! After moving to Tulsa I continue to use him! And I will continue to do so until he isn't practicing close to me anymore! After having to have 1 c-section I couldn't think of anyone I would rather do my second c-section for me than him! If there is EVER a 3rd I will be going to him again!! :) 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	I've been going to Dr. Taguchi for several years.  He is very knowledgable and kind.  He acts like he actually cares about his patients, and he goes the extra mile to help them stay or become healthy. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	0	Went in for a pregnancy test and ultrasound. Was originally supposed to just meet with N.P. but he stuck his head in, lectured me on abortion alternatives and would not stop talking down to me until I told him my husband and I had already discussed and decided what we are going to do about our unexpected pregnancy. 		2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	I left several messages that were not answered, even other doctors called when they needed my status for a procedure and their messages went unanswered.  It took several phone calls before I was taken seriously and ended up in the hospital because I was so ill. Poor, poor care and total lack of concern until I had to demand service.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
35	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	This guy can't look you in the eye.  Strange. I went to another surgeon because i didn't feel he could be trusted 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	I had bilateral hernia surgery (both sides). It has been just over a year since Dr. Ralph Cullen Thomas Jr. did me. He told me I could expect enough relief so I could return to work in 2 weeks but it was 5 weeks before I went back and I was in pain every day so after another 3 weeks he told me I needed a second surgery to fix what he didn't get right the first time. This second surgery was supposed to give me immediate relief so I could go back to work in just a few days. He forgot to tell me it would cost almost 3 times as much. He also forgot to tell me I would have to go to a second surgeon to address the problems he caused me. I went to two different surgeons to get a second opinion. Good thing I did because the first surgeon was is referal that wanted me to pay for yet a third surgery. In my opinion Dr. Thomas is crafty [being polite here] and should be avoided at all costs.  He did me real wrong!!! 	 4/15/07		1	1	Insurance:Aetna
36	1	I had a laprascopic cholecystectomy (gall bladder) through Dr. Thomas and used him because he had taken out my Mom and sister's gall bladder (laprascopically for my sis). He did a good job and I had a quick recovery. In retrospect I should have taken in a list of my symptoms and questions at both appointments to make sure everything was covered for myself. He seemed rather knowledgable and nice. I would also suggest lots of personal research so you're comfortable with any diagnosis. My surgery wasn't critical to have at this point, and Dr. Thomas gave me all the negatives to having my gall bladder out, which made me second guess having it done at all. In the end, I made a good decision and now feeling a LOT better because I went ahead and had him take out the sick gall bladder.  	 4/8/07		4	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	-1	HIS ESTIMATE FOR SURGERY WAS ALMOST 1/3 LESS THAN WHAT IT ACTUALLY COST ME. I ALSO PRECERTIFIED BUT WAS SHOCKED WHEN HIS BILL WAS SO DIFFERENT FROM THE ESTIMATE. I HAVE HAD OTHER PROBLEMS SINCE THE SURGERY AND HAVE HAD TO SEE OTHER DOCTORS TO CORRECT HIS MISTAKES. I HATE HIM. DON'T USE THIS DOCTOR. I THINK HE NEEDS HIS LICENSE REVOKED! 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	I HAVE HAD THREE SURGERIES WITH AN A+ ON ALL THREE. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	The below comment from his nurse is dubious at best. Her interest in his money making ability is as keen as his is. He might have a few success stories but mine isn't one of them. How desperate is he to have his nurse speak on his behalf&#63; Maybe this web site will help you.http://picog.comI noticed it tells a first hand story of a disappointed patient of Dr. Thomas. If you want to believe Dr. Ralph Cullen Thomas Jr. is a Dr. that &quot;could save your life&quot; good luck. You might live through his surgery but some patients have issues with their quality of life after he gets his hands on you. Certainly I do. I tried to settle with him but his opinion of himself is something I simply don't understand. Be VERY careful if you are thinking about letting him cut your body. He will never do that again to me. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	I am an RN that works with Dr. Thomas and I'd be the first to admit that his personality doesn't always shine, that he can come across as demeaning to people, and he can be very difficult to work with, however....all of that personal stuff aside, he is probably one of the most skillful surgeons operating today and with over 9 years of active experience with surgeons across the US, I can testify to that directly. If you are interested in a social hour-go to the comedy club, if you want a surgeon that could save your life, go to Dr. Thomas. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	I was disappointed with his attitude especially when I learned he seems detached from his staff. What I mean is he seems only willing to talk to you if you book an appointment. Normally that is fine but when there is trouble right after surgery, well, he should take a call or call you back. In my case I feel he is just too important to help a patient he just did surgery on with a simple 3 minute phone call. In my opinion your money in his pocket is more important than what he did to you during surgery. Save yourself and don't use this surgeon. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	Surgeon failed to inform me of post operative (possible) complications. Surgeon R. Cullen Thomas Jr. MD failed to diagnose certain life thretening conditions. Dr. Ralph Cullen Thomas Jr. failed to recognize post operative infection for weeks and weeks finally sending me to another doctor that recognized the problem as a surgical infection and treated it with antibiotics. Dr. R. Cullen Thomas Jr. failed to perform the surgery correctly the first time and this caused me to have a second surgery to fix a simple hernia operation. The second surgery cost me 2.5 times as much as the first surgery and left me with 2 new diseases and a possible third life thretening disease. (Pyronies disease, epididimtis and deep vein thrombosis [spelling&#63;] and damage to the vagus nerve.) Need more info&#63; write to me at okraw@hotmail.com and put DRT in the subject line. DRT stands for doctor Thomas and is required to pass my spam filter. Thank you and good luck.  		2	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
37	-1	he was going to send my father home in liver failure he told me he was not a babysitter, he is a rude, heartless, person 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Amazing Chiropractor! I trust him with my whole family.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	very happy with care.  not looking for another opinion 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
39	-1	Looking for second opinion 	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	. Very kind and didn't even charge for my first appointment! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	good communication and spends time with me 	 8/16/06		4	5	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	.  	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Coventry
43	1	Great doctor. Very professional. Did not have any problems after having gall bladder removed. I have recommended him to many family members that have used his services and feel the same as I do about him.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	I found some of the most professional, personal, and proficient medical care and surgery done by Dr.Totoro. He personally called me prior to my scheduled surgery to go over details. He personally arranged to have a hernia repair and hand surgery done simultaneously for me. I am one week post surgery and have had no issues with the any part of what was done. I have in fact been fast walking one mile a day since the third day after surgery. I have minimal swelling and did not take one prescription pain pill. I actually conducted a stand up one hour business presentation on the Thursday following a Monday afternoon inguinal hernia repair, my third hernia. I highly recommend Dr.Totoro, his staff and facility. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	I found Dr. Totoro to be unknowledgeable, aarogant, uncaring, etc.  I had been referred to him but did extensive research on my condition before going to him.  Obviously he was uneducated and I was more up to date than he was.  Don't get me wrong, I don't try to self-diagnose, but do try to understand body parts and functions, as well as possible conditions and symptoms.  I left feeling he had been absolutely no help at all and that that I needed to find another physician who was more knowledgeable, up to date, and could give me a more accurate diagnosis than he did.  His office staff was very courteous and the wait time very minimal, but Dr. Totoro came across disconcerning that it is possible for others to have a brain in their heads.  My three or four minutes spent with this doctor was a waste of my tme and money.  	5	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	0	I'm afraid he is undoubtedly the most arrogant physician I have come across.  He completed the surgery 2 days late, swanned in with his coffee, never apologized for his tardiness and treated us like he was doing us a favor by coming to see us at all. He never visited me post surgery and moreover was furious when I told his nurse I'd like to speak to him about the surgery - &quot;he is too busy&quot; I was told, but I insisted on speaking to him. He was then rude, abrupt and offhand -  and only gave me 45 seconds. He also never answered a single question we posed to him - he brushed us with &quot;don't worry, I'm really quick at this&quot;. I will unfortunately avoid the entire Mercy system as a result of his disgraceful manner. By the way, other physicians to whom I have spoken about Totoro, admit behind closed doors that he is eminently dislikable. There are plenty of excellent surgeons in OKC - you do not need to go to Totoro for anything. Avoid him. You've been warned.  	3	1	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	I worked for Totoro for almost 2 years doing his billing. I can honestly say that Dr. Totoro is the most honest knowledgible Dr. around. I would take any of my family to him. Kelli Moore 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	His surgery had to be redone by another surgeon on an emergency basis.  	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
43	1	I think Dr. Totoro is actually one of the very best surgeons in this region. He has operated on both of my daughters and several friends and I don't know anyone who hasn't just raved about his abilities or personality. In fact, he is first choice for many referring physicians. I highly recommend him. I'd trust him with my life.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
43	-1	Stay away from Dr. Totoro he is a disgrace. I had hernia surgery and still need another one to fix his mistakes. Never go to him! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Takes his time and listens to my husband and my concerns. Great doctor.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
44	1	took very good care of my little girl. Very nice and explained everything.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
44	-1	. Did not like dr! Wait was 20 min and didn't listen fully to my complaints 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
44	1	very caring doctor. I recommend him 100%. Couldn't ask for a better doc. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	He is an amazing doctor! The best me and my husband have ever had! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	he was friendly but was kinda rushed. He quoted me a pretty expensive price and when i went in to have the procedure I didnt even see him, And that dentist didnt even do what Dr. T quoted. However they did a great job. But will not go back. 	5	4	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	I found this dentist to be one of the most egotistical, insensitive, and unfriendly professionals I’ve ever had the displeasure of encountering.  Moreover, the two receptionists at his front desk are cold and insensitive.  He oversees what I would call a “dental factory” with a long row of chairs and partitions in between them.  I could easily hear conversations between the dentist and patient not only in the chair next to me, but several chairs away.  If you are looking for confidentiality in your office discussions with this dentist, I don’t believe this is the place you’re going to get it.  If you are looking for a tolerable bedside manner, I would recommend that you stay away from this place.  I’d never go there again. 	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	I love Dr. Thompsen as my dentist. I wouldn't go to anyone else.  He has bonded my teeth, filled and crowned teeth, and even pulled one.  He has never been rough. He is fast, efficient and economical. I was with him when I had insurance and with him when I  didn't.  I highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	-1	This Dentist is a menace. Prior to pulling the tooth, he gave me some numbing shots and he was so rough that it felt like he was throwing darts into my mouth. This man is very rough and he was not even capable of extracting the entire tooth. He offered no pain medication after the extraction. He shows little compassion towards his patients. If you go to him, plan on having to go to another dentist to fix his work... 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
46	-1	This doctor will see you on the spur of the moment, however, expect little compassion from this dentist for your painful extraction. And even if you request more pain relief and/or nitro gas because you are feeling the intense pain-he won't give it to you! In fact he will continue thru adult painful tears, he will hold you down as he continues. I visited his office on Tuesday, August 3, 2010 with a broken tooth. He broke it off at the gumline which then required intense painful surgical removal; I could feel everything due to the novicane shot that was given in the beginning was not working properly. I am filing a complaint with the Oklahoma Dental Board Association for further investigation about his procedures. Please contact them if you have been to this dentist. It is not acceptable practice to hold patients down to continue and certainly not acceptable while in excruciating pain. I have been in intense pain for the past seven days. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Very friendly and cordial.  Knowledgeable and answered all of my questions before filling my tooth.  Highly recommended! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	We have been seeing Dr. Thompson for 3 years, and I think he is the best dentist my family has used. He is good with children (even my son who has never had good dentist visits until the past 3 years), and he is helpful and compassionate. I have recommended him to many, many friends.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	-1	Pulled my tooth before the novacane shot kicked in. He did a probe and I told him that I can feel that. I opened my mouth thinking that he was going to give me another shot and the next I know he's pulling my tooth.  I kicked and screamed and he told me to put my leg down. I think I passed out from the pain. Then had to drive 40 miles home. I realized after driving 30 miles that my mouth isn't numb. Don't use him or be very careful.  	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
47	1	Wow! Very attentive and helpful. Wonderful bedside manner! Gave me time and attention to make sure my issues were taken care of.  Oh and good looking too :) 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	Two of my daughters were born with kidney reflux and they saw him as infants for that.  Dr. Turman is very caring and knowledgeable.  He is approachable and willing to actually answer your questions.  He is very respectful.  I would definitely recommend him.  Our girls have now outgrown the problem and thankfully didn't need surgery, but I appreciate the way he gave us all the details of their condition, what to expect, and what our options were.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
48	1	Great Physician!! Wonderful guy =) 	3	5	5	3 	Insurance:Unknown
49	-1	Dr Tennery was my father physician. After my dad was diagnosed w/ALS (aka Lou Gehrigs disease) we requested his medical records b/c 1 month before symptoms of ALS, Dr Tennery increased my dads dosage of Lipitor from 20 mg to 80 mg.  With a history of liver disease, Dr Tennery should have been monitoring my fathers liver enzymes.  This was not being done.  My dad was diagnosed in December 2006 and spent the majority of the next 2 1/2 years in horrible pain and forced to sit in a chair in his living room, unable to feed himself, walk, or talk and scared to sleep for fear he would stop breathing.  The last 2 weeks of his life he had to receive an IV daily because he could no longer swallow water.  6 days after his 50th birthday, God freed him from that chair, which I am thankful for. What I am not thankful for is the fact that my father was never even warned of the possible side effects of Lipitor or of raising his dose 60 mg. 	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	This doctor is a really nice and down to earth guy.  I really really liked him and am referring him to others.  Everyone in the office were really nice.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
50	1	I have been seeing Dr. Taylor for a few years now and have been satisfied with every visit.  She never makes me feel rushed, takes time to discuss every concern I have and is very friendly.  The staff is also very nice and helpful.  I have never waited more than 15 min to get into an appointment and I can usually get in either next day or within a week.  Overall I am very pleased with the care Dr. Taylor provides and would recommend her to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
50	1	Dr. Taylor was very knowledgeable and took the time to discuss conditions in detail. I did not feel rushed or as if she didn't have time for me. Staff was very helpful and scheduling appointments is easy. I've been to this doctor several times this year and was so pleased I had all of my medical records transferred from my previous doctor to her office.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	Excellent no **** doctor. Actually tries to figure you instead of writing a script in twenty minutes on the first visit. He literally gave me 2 hours for just a &quot;20 minute&quot; visit. Wonderful doctor, highly recommend.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
52	1	Dr Tardibono is an excellent doctor.  He is always attentive to my needs and desires, listens to what I say, and remembers previous visits and concerns.  He's a doctor who talks with his patients rather than at them.  He has kept me alive and well when other doctors said it could not be done.  I consider myself very lucky to have him as my physician. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	0	Game player.  I recall needing a refill on a medication.  Their office suddenly decided not to fill it and I ended up in the emergency room twice as a result.  Both times I called to follow-up with their office and they were totally uncaring.  Another time he had his office people tell me he was out of town and not &quot;in&quot;.  When I called after hours to find out who his replacement was the operator told me he had been there all week and no one was taking his place. 	2	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	My husband saw Dr. Tingleaf for elective sterilization last year. He was quite personable and intelligent, his staff are great, and he was wonderful about aftercare. The procedure itself went off without a hitch; he's excellent. He gave my husband no difficulty whatsoever about his choice to be sterilized, he simply asked reasonable questions and actually listened to our answers. I cannot recommend him highly enough. He is a good, kind man. 	 4/20/07		4	5	Insurance:Unknown
54	0	Would not recommend him to anyone seeking homeopathic route to healing or alternatives to hysterectomy, but he's a nice, easygoing guy.  	3	4	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	I would never use another doctor to deliver my children. I respect his honesty and way of making me feel special.  He is a great doctor and I would recommend him to everyone! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
54	1	I used Tallerico once before with my oldest daughter. And was so happy to get to have him again this time i am currently 3 months pregnant and would not of asked for a better doctor to watch over my baby & myself. He is so helpful and really explains stuff. He has always made me feel comfortable. And his staff is very sweet!Best thing is your not spending all day in there, You are in and out in atleast 30 minutes.  I would highly suggest him to anyone! Amanda Oliver - Guthrie Oklahoma 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
54	1	Dr. Tallerico has been my OB/GYN now for 5 years.  He was my doctor through the entire pregnancy of my son.  A week before my due date, the baby was not dropping and I was not dialating.  He suggested a Cesarean section because my blood pressure was beginning to rise as the babies head was too big too pass through naturally.  When we went to have the Cesarean, it turned out the cord was around the baby's neck and we would have ended up in an emergency situation if Tallerico hadn't made the call.  A smooth sailing Cesarean section later and a beautiful and healthy baby boy, I will always recommend Dr. Tallerico to others! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	-1	Dr T was the most uncaring Dr I have ever been to. He was never concerned about the trips to the ER, never followed up on the ER trips, all the while I was pregnant and bleeding. He seemed only to be concerned that I gained 6 pounds in one month, not that I was still passing blood while urinating.....  	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
54	1	Dr. Tallerico is a wonderful doctor.  He always listened to my concerns and gave me the best advice.  You only spend about 30 mins in his office and any given time.  If you have other children I would highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
54	1	Dr. Tallerico is very thorough.  I would recommend him and have to all of my friends.  His staff is extremely nice and thoughtful.  Never have I felt like I have asked a stupid question.  I feel like I can call with any medical problem and they will advise me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	I thought Dr. T was very knowledgeable and made his patients very comfortable in every way possible. He always answered any question and never made any question feel like a stupid question. His staff was wonderful. His office is very nice. He followed my birth plan exactly as I asked. Nothing to complain about whatsoever. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Very good doctor. I will be using him if I get pregnant again! He's very nice, helpful, and easy to talk to.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
55	1	I HAVE BEEN TO MANY DIFFERENT OBGYN'S AND DOCTOR THOMAS IS THE BEST I HAVE SEEN. I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND HIM. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Very considertate, understanding , and listens .  His staff is always smiling and very welcoming ! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	-1	Trys to do in his office, what he should put you in the hospital for.  He removed a large growth from my uterus - with not pain medication.  Left me in severe pain for several weeks and I still had to go to another doctor and be put under general anesthesia to have additional tumors removed.  He did not care if I hurt or not. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	A very caring and professional doctor. Grove is very fortunate to have him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	-1	I feel sorry for the young couples who are unaware of what good medical services are and are limited to his kind of medical services.  His bedside manner reflects & demonstrates a 1940's God Complex, total disreguard for pain management.  He office is also unkept, unclean, and uncaring.  	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	Excellent bedside manner, kind caring doctor. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	-1	This dr was very rude. He bashed the drs that referred me to him. He didn't even ask me what was going on he just walked in the room said my eyes weren't bad and he was sending me back to my reg eye dr. He was short tempered and very unprofessional. I advise going elsewhere. I am a nurse and walked out of there crying because I have never been treated so rudely. Do not use this dr unless you like being treated terribly. I drove 2 hrs to get 30 seconds of him telling me my eyes weren't bad and my drs weren't lining me contacts up rightas he smirked rudely. Very disappointed in mannerisms and treatment.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Coventry
56	1	I had cataract surgery on both eyes done by Dr. Taylor. I spent the extra money and got the multi-focal lenses. After being reliant on glasses and contacts my entire life, I now see like an eagle. I had a great experience with Dr. Taylor and highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Unprofessional nurses following surgery. Occurred twice, two weeks apart. Both times, the nurses were not fully clear in explaining dosages of medications following surgery, and somewhat rude. Patients must deal with the nurses. I would not choose this doctor/nurse combination. 	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	0	Im sure he was a good Dr in his younger years. Now, he is forgetful and careless. A dangerous mix for an obgyn. His mistakes nearly cost me my life.  Do not use this Dr!! 	2	2	2	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
57	1	I LOVE Dr. Trotter!  He is absolutely one of the best doctors in our Town.  Dr. Trotter took over my care after my first miscarrage.  Due to bleeding and my doctor not being able to fit me in I was sitting in the waiting room crying. He walked by and immediately took me back.  He was so caring and understanding that I changed doctors that day.  He has been my doctor thru all my pregnancies and delivered two of my four children.  Dr. Trotter helped me control my diabetes and weight with his knowledge and interest in my well being.  I couldn't imagine going thru another pregnancy without him.  I LOVE his nurse she is awesome.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	Dr. Tran is THE BEST! She makes you feel like your her only patient and Peggy her nurse is so sweet and calls you back promptly. I would recommend her to those who are apprehensive about going to the OB .  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
58	-1	The staff was horrendous. My PCP had to call Dr. Tran himself to get ahold of the doctor, because Dr. Tran's staff would not let me talk to her after an afternoon of waiting at their clinic for a life-threatening reaction I had to a medication she prescribed. The one time I talked with Dr. Tran, she was very nice. But her staff is the worse staff I have ever seen and my insurance is writing a report on her staff and is sentencing them to probation. Do not use Dr. Tran. There are many other gynecologists in Tulsa that you will be able to get a hold of when you need them most:) Good luck and stay away from Contemporary Women's Specialists of Tulsa!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Dr. Tran just delivered my first baby and she was awesome! I had one little hiccup a couple months before my due date and she got me thru it and got me to full term and let me go into labor on my own which is what I wanted. Some Dr.'s try to push being induced but she never did.  Would definitely recommend! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
58	1	Dr. Tran has delivered all 3 of my babies.   I have nothing negative to say about her! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	I was on hospital bedrest for almost 2 months and she came by to see me every day. She was so comforting, but still stressed the importance of following doctors orders in order to have strong and healthy babies! I high recommend Dr.  Tran! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	she is very nice and would like to answer any of your questions with patients. And she won't let you do any unnecessary check or exams like most of other doctors do.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
58	1	. She is extremely understanding and gentle with her patients 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	Considering her specialty, she is surprisingly comfortable to visit. She is incredibly nice and very well respected amongst her peers. She helped me detect a problem very early on and effectively treat it. I highly recommend her! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	Very unprofessional..Would not recommend this &quot;doctor&quot; to anyone I know. Does not seem to care what I had to say. Very self-absorbed. 	5	5	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
60	0	My sister was a pt. of his for years.  yes he did take excellent care of her for years then all of a sudden last year her scheduled appointments got put off and off and eventually she ended up in the hospital in another town and was transferred to OU Medical Center in December 2010.  Dr. Targoff was made aware of her admission and only came to see her 1 time the entire time she was there which was 25 days. Amazing because the meds that he had her on was what was causing her to be so ill.  I would call his office and leave a message for the nurse to call me.  She did a couple of days later.  we played phone tag for a few days and then I said forget it.  We now have new Drs. who took the time and made the effort to find out what was wrong with her as she already had an autoimmune disease.  These new physicians are wonderful and we are so grateful to all of them.  It is really sad that he didn't come see her more than that one time.  He is no longer her physician. 	2	2	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	World-respected researcher, excellent clinician and physician. If you have a complex rheumatic disease--particularly polymyositis--you couldn't find a better doctor anywhere. He is absolutely brilliant as well as very kind.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
61	-1	Dr Trachte Did surgery on father. The surgery went well follow up was terrible. After a radiologist told us my dad cancer was back Dr Trachet still insisted it was not just his age was making him feel this way.That was in May and 1st of June 2011. We were told 8-30-11 my father has stage 4  lung,liver and bone cancer. If we have know in May it was back we could have managed his pain. So please Dr Trachte listen to not only you patients but THE RADIOLOGIST. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	This Doctor is undoubtedly the best Heart Surgeon around. He has more compassion for patients than any other Doctor I have been in contact with in my 66 years of life. We need more Doctor's with his compassion. he is a life saver and I highly recommend him to anyone needing open heart surgery. You can really put your trust in him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
62	1	Steve is a PA. He's great, wouldn't trade him for anything. He listens to you and tries to find you an answer to your issue. If he doesn't know the answer he says he doesn't know. He doesn't try to pull wool over your eyes. But you can rest assure he'll get you an answer. He's a caring, down to earth man. He's the ONLY reason I stay with Duncan Medical Assoc. If he leaves...we follow. He seems to love his job and appreciates his position. Thanks Steve.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
63	1	I dont think. I know he saved my life!Dr. Tahirkheli and staff are outstanding. I fill safe with the knowledge and helpfulness as they work as a team. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	My wife and I having been going to him for 10+ yrs. Simply the BEST! My wife had serious heart valve problems and he diagnosed them very good. Met in ER room, as he was the cardiologist on call, then he did a procedure, (stint) within 20 min. Explained on the computer to me and my wifes dad exactly what he was going to do. Staff is excellent too! Will work with you om pmts. Always explained procedures &amp; things to us very well. Usually, very busy with scheduling, but worth the wait. OHH is Great too, which he has ownership in. There staff was excellent too!. We both just like him very well! SB &amp; BB 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	Dr Taherkheli is one of the most effecient, professional and caring doctors that has ever treated me. I have been in his care for more than five years.He has literally saved my life two times and I am and will always be eternally grateful to this wonderful Doctor. He is the best 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
63	1	Dr. Tahirkheli has treated 7 members of my family, and while he comes off as abrupt sometimes, it is because he cares and trying to make an impression on you to take care of yourself. He gave is 9 more years with my father, and they were quality years! He is the best dr. I have ever been to and all my family and friends that see him feel the same! I don't get the negative reviews. You might have to wait a few min. past your appt. time, but he spends time with each patient making sure they understand and are comfortable with their treatment. He is definitely worth the wait! I want to highly recommend Dr.  Tahirkheli and say thank you to him for all he has done! Sincerely, PDG 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
63	1	Dr. Tahirkheli is a very good Doctor.  My husband has a complicated heart valve problem that requires constant testing and attention.  He gets it with this office and Doctor.  The Nurses and Technicians are gentle, and knowledgable.  Dr. T. has pulled my husband's bacon out of the fire more than once. I recommend him highly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
63	-1	He is all about money. If you can give him thousands of dollars, he may have ten minutes. Otherwise, you get one minute while he is talking on the phone.He is full of himself. I felt like assembly line medicine. Dr spent &quot;one minute while he was talking about his stocks on the phone&quot;.  I was examined or worked on by four different people at the office visit (most of them were nurse-aids, and students. Staff does not introduce themselves, just come in and start asking questions, examining, and pulling and pushing. I do NOT recommend at all. He is the worst doctor, and I do not know who sends him patients. I told my family doctor that he better never send any patients to him. He is not a doctor, he is a businessman. Please check his medical law suit history prior to going to him. He has multiple law suits settled. Do not go to him.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
63	1	Dr. T is one of the best heart doctor's in the state of Oklahoma.  He is very busy because he is so good.  He is my husband, mother and mother-in-laws heart doctor.  My husband had 3 blockages and took care of his problem with positive results.  You talk to any doctor in this state and they say he's the best.  When you are that high in demand you will have to wait.  	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unicare
63	-1	I have a blocked artery and chest pain.  He sent me home with libroderm patch and aleeve. Said he does not think my chest pain is caused by the blockage.  This Dr.&#63;&#63; has 6 mdeical negs suits with 3 resulting in death.   A degree from Pakistan&#63; 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
63	0	Felt like assembly line medicine. Dr spent very little time with patient. Was examined or worked on by no less than 6 different people at the office visit. Staff does not introduce themselves, just come in and start asking questions, examining, etc. NOT recommended. 	3	2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	Dr Thomas is great, she knows what she is doing, and I have told many friends and family to go see her, and they love her too.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
66	1	The doctor is a breath of fresh air. He spent more time with me than I had expected without any indication that he had other places to be.  He went over all my options for my shoulder problems and allowed me to make an informed decision. If I need future orthopedic treatment or advice, he will be the first and only doctor I visit.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
66	-1	I cannot express enough how incompetent this doctor is to the needs of his patients. Run, run as fast as you can. He refuses to admit that he uses parts that are being recalled for patients that are having problems with their Zimmer Duron cups for hip replacements. There is no room in the medical field for the doctors that allow greed over the welfare of their patients. If your going to have a hip replacement from this doctor, please check into the product before he has performed the surgery. If he hasn't performed the surgery yet, I would recommend going anywhere else other than this doctor. 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	Informative, good listener.  Did not talk &quot;down&quot; to me.  Thorough. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	-1	Her PA on staff seen me twice.  I have seen the doc twice.  Failure to follow up on my xray and left me hanging until a stat CTscan was done.  Diagnosis was lung cyst.  She said she didnt treat lung cancer.   Duh... 	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
67	-1	I was appauled at her lack of patient doctor communication. She seemed angered when asked any questions in regards to what type of chemo was appropriate for my Dad and why. She did not even have the decency to attend our meeting and discussion for first line of treatment.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
67	-1	She promised a business card so that I as the patient's wife could contact her with questions.  She never provided one, nor did she provide me with a phone number.  She did not pick up on obvious symptoms of what was going on with the patient until death was imminent.  Little information was ever provided to patient or me, and her two minute daily visits to patient seemed less than helpful. 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
67	-1	Dr. Trottman gave little feedback.  Her communication methods are poor because she neglects to create a rapport with the patient.  She tended to blame or question my motives or intentions if test results or my demeanor seemed inaccurate from what she was expecting.  Dr. Trottman appears to be hesitant to coordinate care with my primary cancer treatment center which is located away from home, but has an immpecable reputation.  Dr. Trottman's office staff failed to communicate to me scheduled appointments at other healthcare centers which they were responsible for making.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	Dr. Thomas did my back surgery and I couldn't have been more happy. I'd recommend him to anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	so very helpful.  Explained all to me so that I completely understood.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
69	1	Dr. Traczyk is the best.Both my husband and I go to him.He is very compassionate and understanding.He listens to you and explains exactly what he is going to do and explains the followup care to his procedures.We highly reccommend him and his staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Secure Horizons
70	1	I've been going to D. Trent now for several years! He and his staff are so nice, and make you feel so comfortable! They are quick and never leave you waiting! On several occasions I had to have extractions done, and the surgeon that was recommended [ referral ] was the most outstanding surgeon! Root Canals are an option to a patient....Dr. Trent will not force one to have it. It is up to the individual. I highly recommend Dr.  Trent and his team! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	-1	We used Dr. Trent for years. He is really a great guy and was always punctual and friendly. However, I had a crown done by one of his assistants who made it too big. As a result, I will either have gum pain for the rest of my life or fork out another $500 to have the crown replaced. In addition, our son had to have the same tooth filled twice and was still in pain. We ended up taking him to another dentist who performed a root canal. We just can't trust Dr. Trent to get it right the first time and, as expensive (and painful) as dental work is, that is one thing I definitely want in a dentist. 	3	5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
70	0	Dr. Trent is such a nice guy, however, he did HORRIBLE dental work. I'm having to fork out thousands of dollars to repair the damage he has caused. He performed several root canals killing my teeth leaving me with no other option than to have them pulled and have implants put in their place.  	5	5	5	1 	Insurance:Humana
70	-1	CROWN DIDN'T COVER ALL OF THE TOOTH AND IT CRACKED THE TOOTH AT THE TOOTH'S BASE AND NOW i HAVE TO HAVE THE TOOTH EXTRACTED 	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	Dr. Trent even met me on a Saturday when my crown fell out and I had a marathon to run the next day.  He is fantastic!!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	I have been going to Dr. Trent for 5 years, and am very happy with his services!!!!!!!!!He referd me to a good orthodontist, and I still go to trent.....................................................................................  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	1	Dr Trent has been my dentist for almost 20 years.  He is very professional and his staff is very friendly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
71	-1	Very unorganized and is more concerned with making money than he is with your health. 	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
71	-1	My experience with this family physician was mediocre.  I sat and waited for an hour in the operatory for the doctor. I had a very early appt and know they were not running behind. I have a busy schedule myself and only allow about an hour for the entire appointment. I walked out of the operatory and will never go back. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	He does run behind, but it's because he gives each patient his full attention, listens to all concerns and makes sure questions are answered.  I feel he's the epitome of a country doctor. He cares about the whole patient.  He's been treating my family for 20 years.  	4	1	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
71	-1	During my visit I felt that I was treated horribly.I would NEVER recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was a complete waste of time and money.Overall I would rate this visit : AWFUL! 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	 	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	-1	I feel sorry for any Veteran that unknowingly chooses the Altus VA Clinic. They admitingly are untrained and unaware of procedures. Favorite and only answer is &quot;Oh, the VA won't pay for that&quot; and &quot;The VA will not do that for you&quot; They don't ask VA how do get patients to correct dept. just again Admittingly GUESS. I am meeting with Head of Medicine at VA in Ok City to discuss further training for these Altus Dr's that are representing themselves as a &quot;Go To Guy&quot; for our American Hero's and are clueless to how to help them! So frustrating. You are the DR...don't ask me how my issue can be resolved.. use your PHD and figure it out! 	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
73	1	Dr. Tran is a great doctor who is caring, and very helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	-1	Typical recommendation is &quot;go home, feel better.&quot;. His new nurse is rude and routinely rolls her eyes at patients. Too lackidasical to be an effective doctor.  	1	4	2	2 	Insurance:Tricare
74	1	Very caring and efficient.  More detailed information would have been reassuring. Staff pleasant and helppful.  Dr. was knowledgeable and confident in doing procedure.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
74	1	I think Dr. Talbert is an excellent surgeon. I learned more from her about my condition and my options in one visit than I had in several visits with my former surgeon. She is very thorough and caring. I highly recommend her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	-1	Was seen by Talbert one time refered for removal of lump in breast at Mercy Woman's sattelite hospital. Contracted Staph infection in lue of surgery and was not even operated on by Talbert. Upon returning due to symptoms of itching and pain was told I must have an allergy to shampoo. This visit was not even documented. A month later was dxed at ER with Staph infection and contenue to battle infection 3.5 months post-surgery. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
75	-1	. In my opinion you're better off getting seen and treated by a homeless person with a machete 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
75	-1	Does not spend time with patients or answer questions. Incorrect follow up after surgery. No diagnosis or options to help w/ problem. Very rude. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
76	-1	45 min late- 3 min in the room with me for my annual checkup. Did not even offer me a flu shot. Awful dr 	5	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
76	-1	She wanted to send me to a doctor in Ok City for a simple problem that another doctor took care of..  Very disatisfied.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
76	1	Understanding and very knowledgeable!!!!  Takes time with her patients!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	Dr. Taylor was my obstetrician throughout my pregnancy. She was helpful, courteous &amp; adjusted her schedule so that my husband could be home to see our baby born. My daughter was born via c-section and Dr. Taylor was there every step of the way for me. I will use her again for any subsequent pregnancies.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	1	Paperwork for annual phsysical for insurance messed up; listened to heart through clothing; sent me to a dermatologist for consultation on growths not necessary.  	4	4	4	3 	Insurance:Anthem
78	1	I visited Dr. Taylor after having a bilateral mastectomy.  This was by far the hardest time in my life.  Dr. Taylor and her staff took the time to explain all my options, they made sure I understood the choices I had before I made a decision.  After the surgery they continued to walk me through the process to completion.  I felt extremely blessed to have Dr. Taylor and her staff helping me through this extremely difficult time.  I hope Dr. Taylor knows that she is doing an awesome work.   I feel empowered again, I feel like a women again. And I am thankful to Dr. Taylor and her staff for the role they played in this process.   Blessings to you and your staff! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
78	0	When I began endermologie treatments at Dr. Taylor's office, everyone was very nice and punctual. At that time, I was getting treatments one or two times per week and paying $60 each time. Soon I realized that I was not a priority. Although I had appointments, they were never on time. On several occasions, I waited 30 min - 1 hour. I finally gave up and left while waiting during one of the visits. During that visit, I had already changed in to the outfit for treatment and was waiting in the room where I was escorted. I waited in the room for 35 minutes, before deciding that it was ridiculous and I had places to be. I drove from Norman for those treatments and I thought it was poor business/treatment. The impression I have is if you aren't shelling out lots of money, you are not a priority. 		1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	I have had very positive experiences each time I have used Dr. Thompson and staff.   Would highly recommend! 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	1	I've been a patient of Dr. Thompson for several years, and I would recommend him to anyone who is looking for a new OBGYN in the Tulsa area. He always spends time to answer questions and put the patient at ease, thus waiting time can be long at times, but well worth it.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	1	Called and got an appointment same day as a new patient. (Snow today so they had a cancelation) Very caring, sits down to talk with you and was very proactive with my fertility issues. I will feel very comfortable having him deliver my baby. He gave me the options and actually let me make the decision....very rare these days. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	-1	With Dr 4 yr& thought he was very good.Little did I know when we became pregnant that was not the case!I had a hard time getting them 2 fill out my paperwork 4 my job allowing me to take off work 4 the week like instructed by him after I had a torn placenta in the1st trimester.When we entered the2nd trimester we were told that were out of the clear for a miscarriage 1week later I began pain like contractions& his is office/him would listen 2 me!I went2 the ER &amp; found out that I was a highrisk pregnancy!This would have been nice 2 hear from my own doctor who kept telling me I was just stretching.I went 2 his office again 2days later after leaving the ER still in pain he DID NOT EVEN EXAM ME just got the hearttone &amp; said I was fine. Went back again &amp; still the samething,at this time I could barely take the pain &amp; was in tears at his office!He sent me home WITH NO EXAM &amp; next morning bk in the ER,found out I was dilated at a 3 &amp; was told that this could have been avoided if found sooner! 	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
79	1	I absolutely loved Dr. Thompson and staff. He LITERALLY sat down and spoke to me about all problems I was having before even examining me. And when he did his exam it was Head to toe, bloodwork and found out what was going on! I will recommend him anytime! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	Amazing and caring doctor that spends time with patient and answers questions honestly and with care.  You will not find any better.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
79	1	Dr. Thompson preformed my c section.  He did a wonderful job and was very caring.  I will continue going to him.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
79	1	He is great and does take his time with you...thus you may have to sit in the waiting room (as I did) 40 minutes after my appointment time. I had to ask how much longer after 30 minutes..staff was busy chatting in the front office. They were polite but not impressive. If appointments being on time is important to you probably not the place to go but he seemed good. Had to wait 40 days to get in for a check up..my doctor had retired and he took over his practice as well..I think they are overwhelmed at the new load of patients.  	3	1	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
79	-1	I called to make an appointment for pain they couldn't get me into see Dr. Thompson for a month.  I waited the month with the pain increasing in intensity visiting both the er and urgent care for the pain and the day before my appointment his office called and said they had scheduled surgery during the time of my appointment and had to reschedule me at &quot;my earliest convience.&quot;  My definition and their definition of &quot;my earliest convience&quot; were two totally differenct things.  They could not get me in for another 3 weeks after my canceled appointment.  I called my PCP for a referral to a different OB/GYN.  	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Pacificare
79	1	Is like one of the only doctors in tulsa that let me have a vbac,  my first delivery with a dif doctor was so inpersonal, Dr. Thompson made me feel like i was his only pt.  Answers all my questions and calls back if I leave a message at the nurses desk.  Always gave my 2 year old m&m; and playdoh.  To keep going to him I want to have more babies.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
79	1	I am a new patient of Dr. Thompson. I found out about him through our childrens pediatrician. I had a hystercotomy two month ago from a doctor in Muskogee and have lots of pain and infection since. I was able to get into his office the next day, and Dr. Thompson sat and talk with me for 30 minutes before he did a head to toe exam. He then sent me for blood work and a ultra sound. The problem wasnt found through the blood work or the ultra sound, so he scheduled me for the following week for a laparoscopy. After my surgery he sat down with my husband and I both to let us know what he found.  He was able to find the problem and has been great about my after care since the surgery! Anyone that is considering using him GO FOR IT!!! He is great! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
79	1	I have 2 kids and dr. thompson delivered both of them. I would never go to any other obgyn EVER!!!! He is an extremely good dr. and never made me feel uncomfortable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	1	Dr. Thompson delivered all of my children early in his career -- he was great then and now.  In fact he is my daughter's doctor now as well.  He and his staff are a delight to deal with.  Very personable and knowledgeable.  Shawn has kept the &quot;office ship&quot; sailing smoothly for 20 plus years.  Keep up the good work.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
79	1	Dr. T is by far the BEST physician I have ever seen. He is very knowledgeable, caring, compassionate, attentive, able to explain everything very well, and willing to go to bat for you with the insurance companies. Shawn and the rest of the ladies are just fabulous too. Triple A plus!! I cannot rate him high enough. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	DR THOMPSON IS TRULY CARING AND WONDERFUL. HIS NURSES ARE SWEET AND MAKE YOU FEEL AT EASE. I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND HIM. I AGREE WITH THE OTHER COMMENTS ALSO - THEY DON'T MAKE YOU FEEL LIKE A NUMBER - THEY'RE VERY GENUINE.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
79	1	Dr. Thompson sits down, crosses his legs and acts like he has all the time in the world to listen to what you have to say. He also explains things thorougly and gives lots of options. He is also a very nice man! 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	Dr. Thompson delivered our last child, and was absolutely wonderful. My wife still goes to him today for checkups. I wish we had known about him on our first birth. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	he is very helpful doctor and good manners.he is very pleasent and always cares about our questions.The nurse is also very good and we are satisfied with their care.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	1	Dr. Thompson is the only doctor I have encountered that doesn't make you feel like a number. He has excellent bedside manner, genuine concern for your overall health (physically & mentally) and is willing to sit and talk even if he is extremely busy. I have never felt rushed when I have had an appointment. He is first class and so is his nurse. Highly recommend.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
79	1	Women hate trips to the OBGYN, but Dr Thompson makes the experience as pleasant as possible. Terrific bedside manner and a genuinely nice person.  His nurse is the absolute best!!!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
79	1	Dr. Thompson has a great bedside manner and is always willing to sit and talk about any problems you may have and always makes you feel well taken care of.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
80	1	..and then waiting 2-3 hours in a waiting room.   Urgent Care is competent and convenient.   When I walk out and say &quot;thanks&quot;, I really mean it.     Rick in OKC 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	. Spent a great deal of time talking with me and my family and explaining what needed to be done to diagnose my condition, then spent a lot of time talking about the medications that he would recommend for my MS 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
81	-1	performed incomplete EMG of right arm.Misdiagnosed same arm with same data. Was not a patient advocate!!! 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	0	Dr. Tribbey lacks social skills and does not value his patient's time. After having an MRI brain scan, he sent a copy of a letter to me saying I have a cyst on my brain and need another scan in 3 months. He couldn't be bothered to call me and explain what is on the scan and possibly wrong with me. I didn't even get the original copy of the letter! He has treated me as if I am not very important. 	3	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
81	-1	This doctor is nothing but an insurance doctor.  He is arrogant with an extremely poor bedside manner. He had no sympathy towards me or my 8 and 10 year old children while we were in crisis. If he does not have a medical answer, he will make one up.  Obviously it shows in his staff's attitude. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
81	-1	This doctor appeared to be very good.  After seeing him 1 time, I have got nothing but a run around from his staff.  Don't know if he is aware of the problem or not, but I would have a very hard time at this point recommending anyone to see him 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	Very impressed with Dr. Tribbey on first visit. He was very helpful and listened to what I had to say.  Ordered 2 MRI's.  Had those done & received letter from him telling me to go to a neurosurgeon.  Only problem I have now is trying to get past his secretary to find out why he is not treating me and wants me to go to surgeon. 	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	0	Dr. Troutman seems like one of those docs that is very textbook with his approach. I found it off putting how my mere suggestion that my symptoms might be a sign of another illness were shunned. If you want a doc that does not treat the entire body, this is a great choice for you. The office also seemed to be understaffed; the receptionist is also the nurse. While she's drawing your blood the phone may be ringing off the hook&#63;&#63; However, I will say that she seemed to be the most polite person in the office despite being over extended. If you truly want thorough medical care that does not cut corners I'd look elsewhere. 	3	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
82	0	Appointments are punctual with little waiting, but I generally get the feeling that he is apathetic about my visits or concerns (despite the fact that I have been a patient for close to 10 years).  My last visit he was also impatient (even rude) to the point that it will be my last visit. Additionally, there was a time I had a staff infection and the office never called to tell me the diagnosis. I thought it was a spider bite until I called 2 weeks later to report side effects of my antibiotic, and only then was I told I had a staff infection and needed to continue with the antibiotics. 	3	5	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
82	0	Helpful, pleasant and friendl Staff, Clean office, No waiting. However, I feel that Dr. Troutman sometimes seems put off or bothered by my ongoing medical problems. Maybe he's just not a good fit for my specific conditions. He is a very knowledgeable doctor but possibly just not empathetic to my specific medical issues. 	5	5	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	Does not over book. Short wait time. Dr. Troutman listens.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
83	1	Dr. Traczyk is a very knowledgeable podiatrist. His best trait is being very understanding and willing to go to great detail in explaining problems and corrective procedures.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	i have had excellent results with my knee  replacement surgery the very best Dr. i have ever went to 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	-1	poor attention to details. poor to no bedside manner when and if rounds were made 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	Without a doubt one of the best oncology  teams in Oklahoma. Went through two family members with cancer and they were both treated amazing by the doctors, nurses, and other staff. Wait times could run a little long sometimes but well worth the care.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	When my mother was diagnosed with breast cancer 5 years ago Dr. Toma became her doctor.  I went with her to her appointments before she had surgery.  I myself was very pleased with her manor and she took the time for my mothers question's never rushed us at any time-  Mom has seen Dr.Toma out of the office and Dr.Toma stopped her and ask how she was doing and talk to her like a person not a patient.  God forbid I should get cancer but, if I do Dr.Toma is the doctor I will see. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	A very good surgeon.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
87	1	Dr.Kenneth Tricinella is a great find. Having moved to Tulsa about 3 years ago, the job of finding new doctors is a priority. I am so so pleased with the great care and concern that I feel everytime that I have an appointment. Dr.T is very understanding that working people do not have time for a long and drawnout schedule of appointments. He does as much as possible in one visit which I love. I have never experienced any pain at all with any of the procedures. I appreciate everything that he does to make his services affordable. If I ever move again I am taking him with me. I highly recomend him and his staff. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	I love taking my family to Dr. Tricinella. He is very friendly and has taken great care of our teeth for 7 years. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	I have been going to Dr. Theobald since i was 15.  Now I an 32 and my children go there as well.  He has always been super nice and I have seen him keep update on recent new technologies since I have seen dentistry evolve from his dental chair... 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	-1	I stopped going to this dentist.  He hurt me every time and his work didn't last.  He's also gruff and rude at times, even to regulars.  	2	5	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
