dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	commentsVery nice and knowledgable.  I go to him and so does my daughter, and we are very pleased. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	commentsVery Knowledgeable Paid/Co-pay:$111	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	comments 	5	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	 Great Surgeon! Very patient and very informative. He performed two surgeries so far on our 3 1/2 month old daughter and succeeded on both of them. Very intelligent and knows how to talk to parents. He helped our baby girl and we are very greatful to him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
3	1	 Dr. Parham is a wonderful, caring physician. I have been seeing him for over 12 years. I met him when I had a miscarriage and was so grateful for his wonderful, compassionate care, I have returned to him with each of my pregnancies.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	 I had never had a male OB/GYN and Dr. Parham saw me at my last appointment before delivering and ended up delivering my son.  He was wonderful!  When my son decided to FINALLY come, he was coming right then!  Dr. Parham was there and ready to deliver.  My epidural had run out and wasn't working when I delivered and Dr.Parham did everything he could to make it easier for me.  I was very happy and comfortable with Dr. Parham.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	 Dr. Parham is a wonderful ob/gyn.  I have been going to him for over 11 years and find him to be a wonderful, caring, knowledgeable doctor who takes time for his patients and takes them seriously.  He has delivered both my children (via c-section) and did an amazing job.  I wish all doctors were like him.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
4	1	 He is has wonder bedside manner, in the hospital and in the office. He is very informative and answers any questions you might have and explains treatment, diagnosis what ever, in a way that you will understand everything completely.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	commentsAt first, wasn't certain we wanted to continue to see this physician for pulmonary issues sustained from an auto accident.  However, he worked and worked with my loved one throughout the maximum time limits to wean him off of a ventilator.  Had he not been willing to do so, my loved one would still be on a ventilator.  Instead, he only requires oxygen 24/7 and sleeps with a bi-pap.  He still suffers with lung issues, but these are permanent due to the accident.  Needless to say, we think he is a great doctor!! 	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	commentswas very pleased with my breast reduction, was a much needed job so happy to have it done Dr.Padgett did a such a  great job and her office staff were just wonderful. would recommend her 	4	4	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	commentsDr Padgett is awesome, no issues with recovery and did an excellent job. I highly recommend her. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	commentsDr. Padgett did a wonderful job. The recovery was easy, and I had no complications. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	commentsHe is AMAZING!  Dr. Parker is VERY knowledgeable, gave us the pros/cons of treatment up front and was very realistic with all treatment options.  He stays on top of things and has even caught other health problems that other doctors have completely missed.  I've felt very comfortable with him and trust him completely. 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	commentsunfriendly staff. Not good at all.Unknowledgable 	1	4	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	 Dr. Parekh is very respectful and kind, however he doesn't spend much time answering questions. If you continue to ask them, he will answer them, but I personally felt a little rushed. He performed a laparoscopic procedure on me to remove an ovarian cyst, and did a fine job. I decided to change OB/GYN's due to the fact that I often felt like a car that he was working on, and not a real human woman. I prefer a female OB.  	3	4	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	 Doctor was very knowledgeable and on time.  He had great bedside manor.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
25	-1	 I would not recommend this doctor at any cost.  	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$20
26	-1	 I would not send anyone to her. She is rude and addressed me as &quot;Hey Woman&quot;, and not by my name at all. Not very professional at all. I was there for a treadmill test.  	2	1	2	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	0	 When I had a bad reaction to a medication she prescribed, she wouldn't talk to me on the telephone and was unavailable.  She also won't prescribe anything for anxiety at all - don't have the faintest idea why not.  Would never go to her or send anyone to her.  	1	3	3	3	Insurance:Pacificare
26	1	commentsi would trust her with my life 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
31	0	 Dr. Palmer is professional, well-versed in her profession and caring; however, she seems saddled with nurses that do not care, are unfriendly and never write anything down. Also, her time is so limited with each patient that it feels like you're never a priority. Complications are minimized and she's always in a rush. Never called me back when I had cramps or questions. Unless you have an absolutely textbook normal pregnancy, look elsewhere. No discussion of the delivery until you're in the last weeks of the third trimester because she's off to the next. Get ready to rapid fire any questions you have during pregnancy rather than discussing anything. The receptionist acts like she's doing you a tremendous favor by finding a morning or afternoon time. You can expect to wait 45 to 90 minutes every single appointment.  	1	2	2	4	Insurance:HealthFirstPaid/Co-pay:$4500
35	-1	 This Dr. was inaccurate with her diagnoses. It took months to get in to see her,then all she would do is the standard routine. Check eyes,running,ect..She never researched new diagnoses or possibilities, Had no new theories. Put child on medication & said the parents didn't want testing to see if child needed the medication. Not true, we were told the testing wasn't worth the pain, if medicine didn't work we would remove it. I feel like I have wasted crucial time by sticking by this Dr. I do not recommend her.  	3	3	2	2	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
35	1	commentsThis Dr. is thorough. She listens to my concerns and does not bully me into taking her treatments. It is hard to see her earlier than your set appointments but overall she is worth seeing. 		3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	commentsI have been to several urologists and Dr. Pappas is by far the best! He listened to what I had to say which helped him diagnose and treat my problem!  I can't say enough good things about him! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	 Dr. Parker quickly diagnosed the problems and implemented a plan of action to get me on my way to back to living a normal lifestyle. Highly recommend him to any patient seeking superior medical attention.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	 Helpful, but his P.A.  has no idea what she is doing 	5	5	4	3	Insurance:Veterans Administration
39	-1	commentsNegligent, irresponsible, blamed her staff for her own inconsistencies.  Very bad experience. 	4	4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	commentslove him.  Patient and kind.  Extremely hard working.  Friendly when I run into him outside professional setting.  Extraordinary intelligence   but down-to-earth.  Explains medical problems and conditions well.  Provides excellent and appropriate care. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	commentsGenuine, doesn't talk down to you. I trust his suggestions and treatment. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	commentsVery friendly. Listens well. Lots of knowledge and experience. Very helpful. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	commentsHe is a caring and competent surgeon.  I wouldn't take my son to anyone else to finish out his remaining heart surgeries. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
61	0	comments 	4	4	4	2	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	commentsDr. Pardo is extremely knowledgeable about Multiple Sclerosis and appears to keep up to date on all of the latest developments in the field.    He is a well-spoken doctor who does not hesitate to explain in completely understandable terms, what is happening and what treatment options are available. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
63	0	 Speaking from personal experience can not get medications refilled. Do not get calls returned. Had to call administration to get a call returned. Always see the PA lucky if we see the Dr once or twice a year.  	2	3	2	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	commentsVery very nice, and extremely knowledgeable in his field. It certainly helps that he is hot too. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	commentsAlways a pleasure to visit.  Caring and knowledgable.  A leader in his field. 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	 He is very nice, takes his time, explains issues and seems to really care about your condition.  I trust him very much! 		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	commentsHe is very understanding and down to earth. He makes me feel like I'm talking with a close friend. He updates me on new things and is very helpful! 		4	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	 Very smart, always learning and teaching. Cares about his patients.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
67	1	commentsHe did surgery on my 99 yr old grandmother.  I think some surgeons would have said she was too old, but he was insistent that she get into surgery asap bc that was her only chance.  Took lots of time to explain the procedure to family members, even drew us a picture.  Very kind and caring, knowledgeable! Would recommend him! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	 Very caring and concerned with your injury. Excellent post-surgery care and follow-up. I would highly recomend him to anyone. He did my knee surgery, my husband's shoulder surgery and will do my shoulder surgery in two weeks. He has excellent knowledge of patient's injury and treatment.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
67	1	 Dr. Palomino is very personable and knowledgeable.  He takes time to talk to his patients and never seems to be in a too big of a hurry.  Great results.  Have referred several friends and family members.   All had great results! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
68	-1	commentsI would not reccomend him to anyone! I am 20 years old and I wanted to have a lift done. I had a size D breast. I liked the size of them just wanted them to be a little bit more perky. I am now a size B and the post surgery scares are so bad I hate wear a bathing suit because  afraid someone might see them.. He had to remove both nipples to do the surgery and now they are uneven and aren't a circle anymore! They are like ovals! I cried for weeks after surgery... Please don't go to him and go through what I did!!! 	4	4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	commentsDr. Panchal is a true artist and choosing him, and his staff, for my surgery was the best decision for me! From start to finish I was very well taken care of...and my results (complete lower body lift) are AMAZING! Dr. Panchal treats you body and soul, which is rare these days. You owe it to yourself to go in for a visit to consider Dr. Panchal for your cosmetic surgery needs. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	commentsI had been searching for a doctor that took into account the whole person, not just the procedure that I was wanting at the time. After years of having &quot;muffin top&quot; &amp; not very perky breast. Dr. Panchal recommended lipo on my flanks, upper back and hip area to compliment my tummy tuck/breast lift. The other doctors that I met with did not mention, recommend or suggest that these additional procedures would enhance the overall look of the tummy tuck and breast lift. What good is having a flat stomach if you have fat bulging over your rear area of your jeans or under your bra straps&#63; Dr. Panchal and his staff were patient with me, while providing me references, home health care assistance as well as answering questions about my procedures. The care I received at OK Surgi Care on Memorial Road was also superior. The surgery nurse, anesthesiologist and post surgery nursing care were excellent. I would recommend Genesis Surgery Center to all friends and family. Cynthia 	5	5	5	3	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	commentsI prayed for 3-4 years about which doctor to choose to perform my surgery.  When I was ready to finally set the date for the surgery I interviewed 6 different doctors.  I wanted a doctor that was talented, knowledgeable, professional, kind and gentle.  After narrowing my decision to two doctors I prayed some more about which doctor to choose and discovered my OBGYN and primary physician both recommended Dr. Panchal.  After I met him and his staff I knew immediately he would be my doctor.  I have been so blessed by the care and attention I have received by him and his staff.  I have recommended friends and family to Dr. Panchal.  I have already asked him to perform the surgeries I will be having in the future.  There are no words to describe how the surgery has changed my life and how thankful I am that I found Genesis Plastic Surgery. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	commentsI would definitely refer anyone needing plastic surgery to dr. Panchal. He is very professional and caring about his work. He explains the whole process of the procedure the whole way through. He even calls you a few days later to see how your doing. And his staff is very helpful and professional. I will definitely go back to him if I need anymore services. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	commentsI am a nurse who needed to have a lot of excess skin removed and a body lift because I lost over 130 pounds.  I asked several nurses I worked with to recommend a Dr. with an excellent reputation who does quality work and is caring.  Several people recommended Dr. Panchal.  I am extremely happy with the quality of care and the consistent follow ups that Dr. Panchal and his entire staff provided.  I need some more work and I will only go to Dr. Panchal.  He is an excellent surgeon who is ethical and caring.  Thank you Dr. Panchal and staff! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	commentsI was extremely comfortable with Dr. Panchal from my first visit, and am 100% pleased with my results.  He was professional, personable, and satisfied any pre, and post-surgery concerns that I had. 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	commentsI live out of state, i interacted with Dr &amp; Office mgr on my desires for surgery, they answered all my questions were very efficient, i proceded to have my surgery stayed in town for my recovery everything went so well,no hickups they organized everything for me. My results are amazing i would highly recommend this Dr to anyone. Their staff are so friendly and caring, this expericance unsurpassed my expectation. Thank you Genesis 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
68	-1	commentsI recently scheduled a surgery with this facility and paid for it up front. Last minute, I found all these bad reviews on the doctor, so I became very uncomfortable going under the knife with a doctor that had any bad reviews. When I talked to the woman that handles the finances,she practically hung up on me before explaining their refund process or anything. So I called a week later to speak with her and she said oh yah we already mailed your check. Well one of this things I wanted to talk to her about before she hung up on me was my change of address. I was not even aware that they were going to mail a check of that amount out, before telling me. When I called her to make sure she had my new address, once again she was rude and short, as always. I would have used the refund to have maybe Botox injections or exchange services, but I will not do business with people that treat clients that horribly. I am so glad I switched to Justin Jones. He is one of the best plastic surgeons in okc. Paid/Co-pay:$2800	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	commentsMy experience was fantastic with this Dr.  I live in Dallas and had to do much of my communications over the phone or email.  Dr Panchal always responded to my emails within 24 hours.  He always takes my calls or returns my calls if I feel I need to talk to him directly. His staff always has a smile in their voice.  I had once procedure 3 years ago which I was very happy with and am getting ready for another with him.  The doctors bedside manor if wonderful and he made me laugh when I was so nervous and about to cry.  I would refer anyone I know to him! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	commentsHad Radiesse injections (2 large syringes Dec 09); loved the results, have lasted less than one year; going back for Artefill. Love this doctor and his staff. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	commentshe was very cautious and talked me out of having multiple procedures, which I am happy of now. He told me to be careful of doing too much too soon. I am totally happy with my result of my surgery it made a major difference in my appearance and my self esteem. 	5	5	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
68	-1	commentsWell I just want to say that nobody should go to this doctor he is very arrogant and gets angry if you disagree with him. When I went to my first consultation everything went great and I was happy with him and the staff. I tried on sizers for my breast and i said that I wanted the 400cc and that the 300cc was way to small and I wanted to be a big c small d he told me that for my measurements that a 325 filled to 350 would do that, I am now a b maybe c they are still very small and when I asked him about this he got very angry and sarcastic with me about them and said that it took time. I now have to get a second surgery and pay for it again which I can not do because I have children to provide for so I am stuck with my small breast and they are not even. I had saved that money for almost 3 years. Please do not risk it with this doctor get it done right the first time by really checking into doctors backgrounds and everything you can before handing over or signing anything the outcome can be worse for you. 	4	5	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
68	-1	commentsI would NOT recommend Dr. Panchal to anyone thinking of having cosmetic surgery. Although his staff is very nice, he is, in my opinion a Dr who is not one to go to. 10 surgeries in 3 weeks he did on me, and I have more to go to correct the damage he did.  Certificates mean nothing if you botch surgeries. He can get very angry which is a scary thing in itself. I have at least a year before I can stop seeing surgeons to help me.  Please check him out 110\% before going to him. Paid/Co-pay:$14000	4	4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
68	-1	 I wouldn't recommend this man to any woman.  He seems incapable of empathy and apparently sees women as only a way to increase his income.  He doesn't keep his promises.  He and his aides messed up on my reconstructive surgery deluxe.  His presurgery liability waiver you have to sign is iron-clad protection for him, and he won't work on you without it, so if he messes up, you are screwed (like me.)  Beware of this man.  In my opinion he is not a good doctor for women.  	5	4	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
68	1	commentsFrom the moment I walked in to the office the staff was very friendly.  Dr. Panchal had a good sense of humor and understood exactly what I was wanting out of the surgery.  I would recommend him to my friends. Paid/Co-pay:$4900	5	5	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	commentsI have always found Dr. Panchal very knowledgeable, kind, gentle, & his work is quite remarkable.  At my first consultation, I was impressed by his attentive manner, his understanding of my concerns, and his carefully explained recommendations that addressed those concerns.  Over the past 2 years I have received excellent results in a number of procedures and would not hesitate to recommend Dr. Panchal to anyone who is serious about looking their best.  His staff is friendly, kind, and always helpful, which is a plus for any patient. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
68	-1	commentsI WOULD NEVER GO BACK TO HIM.   ARROGANT S.O.B. 	4	4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
68	-1	commentsI am hear to tell you BEWARE if DOC is in bad mood.   I am a 5'3&quot; 110      I had  the adjustable implants done.    I went for a 4 month appt. to have the valves taken out   which hurt like hell. I arrived at my appt.   always greated very well .   Taken to the back ,changed and waited for the doc. I knew I needed the    right breast adjusted as it was bigger than the right.      he walkes in and said hello. I stood up and greeted him from the table.   I told him I felt as tho the left one needed to be adjusted. He proceded to look at me   and said&quot; I think your perfect lay down on the table face up&quot;; He obviousely was in a frickein hurry....      Well I didn't stick up for myself enough I guess.. cuz he proceded to   remove the ports... He went to surture me up on the left side and says &quot;OH I see you have a scare there from what&#63;&quot; OMG did you not read my history...Shit   So he then procedes to my right breast to remove that valve, he pulle 	4	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
68	-1	comments 	4	4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	commentsDr. Parker was an amazing doctor. He was very professional, understanding and caring. He delivered my youngest two children and everything from start to finish was great! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	 Dr. Parker is a great doctor, he delivered both my babies. You can just tell he really loves his job, and he does it well.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
72	1	commentsI feel Dr. Parker truly cares about my and my baby's well-being! I recommend! 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	 I have nothing but the utmost respect for this Dr. even with his language barrier. He was my dads dr. and he took the time to call me several times while my dad was in his care.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
76	-1	 Language barrier.  Did not seem to have time to listen to my symptoms. I had to go to ER for chest pains,which I had been having for several days off and on & they recommended me to this dr & made apptmt for me.  I also had high blood pressure.  Went to this dr, told him my chest was hurting right then even, but he told me it wasn't my heart or blockage. But he made no recommendations of what it was or could possibly be.  Did not refer me to another dr either other than my GP.  Was most unhelpful.  Told me to come back in two months.  Did not treat my blood pressure.  And I still have the chest pains, low energy, high blood pressure with no idea why.  	3	3	1	3	Insurance:HealthPartners
76	1	comments 	5	5	3	5	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	 Dr. P. is very good with patients.  	4	4	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	-1	commentsI would not tell my enemy to go to this dentist, I have had 2 family members that have went to him and in both he left a piece of their tooth in, one of my family members had to go to another dentist and have it surgically removed they told them that this dentist left it in and it is in the sinus area and could be very dangerous.... I dont understand why he would not complete a job. This dentist is on sw 29th and I feel that he is there just to take advantage of people who may either be illegal or no insurance...NOT GOOD AT ALL Paid/Co-pay:$250	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	 The staff lacks professionalism/manners and I have had MANY issues with this over the last 2 years. Punctuality is not the worst I've dealt with, but it could be better. His lab/ultrasound ladies have been more helpful than the Dr or his nurse. We just found out that we're expecting our 1st child. He knows it's our 1st. When we went in for our 1st ultrasound follow-up he came in and sat ON his desk, and after making a rude comment, and asked if either of us had any questions. Being 1st time parents he should have been offering information including what to expect from him and what expects of us. He is so obvlious to his practice, that he could not provide the correct information for the facility he delivers at. The attitude that he and his office staff have, is the reason I no longer work in healthcare myself. Your paycheck is only as much as the amount of compassion and attention you show towards you patients. I will no longer be seeing Dr Parker.  	1	3	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
87	0	 Dr. Parker is not bad, but he’s not great. As pointed out by many, he’s not personal, but I really don’t care about that. He comes in, gives you some quick facts, and asks if you have any questions, and then he’s out. He doesn’t volunteer information. I can’t give him a high score on knowledge because he’s not patient enough to explain what he knows. That’s something I care more about. He doesn’t help you understand your various options. The staff are very nice, but they often leave early, which is really annoying when you drive all the way over there expecting them to be open. Also as noted, you can’t leave a message with the answering machine, which is VERY frustrating.  	3	4	2	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	0	 The staff is the biggest issue. The phone has no answer machine and they are frequently closed when the answering machine clearly states they should be open. Very unpredictable and unreliable. The ultrasound staff are great, but the unpredictable hours and lack of an messaging service really make me want to go somewhere else. As for dr. Parker, he has too many patients. He's typically in a rush and volunteers very little information. He's not terrible, but be sure to come prepared with questions, be very proactive in pulling information from him, or you'll likely feel in the dark. If your looking for a doctor that makes you feel welcomed and excited, this is not your man.  	2	2	3	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	 Dr. Parker is in full-on business mode during appointments, and his nurse advised me at the beginning that if you want to talk about something or need a better explanation, you often have to come right out and ask for it.  He is not chatty like many other OBGYNs.  He is friendly and approachable and will spend the time with you when you need it, but don't expect to get to know him personally.  More importantly to me now, though, is how skilled he is as a doctor.  I had a serious and extremely rare complication during my first delivery and credit him with saving my life.  My second pregnancy had some bumps and he never hesitated to send me to a specialist for a consultation or order additional ultrasounds.  Also, in my opinion his nurses (especially Tracy and Misty) and office staff are far and above the best I've experienced after seeing three other OBGYNs in Norman.  They keep wait times reasonable and are very, very nice and helpful in person and on the phone.  	5	4	3	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	 He is knowledgeable but i felt like it was a hit and run the first time i saw him.  He didn't even sit down long enough to do my pap.  The second time he was better but don't feel he knows enough about my condition yet to do surgery on me.  I will have to let my primary doctor talk to him first.  	3	4	3	4	Insurance:Medicare
87	1	 After reading through the comments, I was surprised to see negative comments about Dr. Parker, but I guess it is impossible to please everyone. My mom referred me to him after being told my husband and I would never have children.  Within months of switching to him, we were pregnant.  I have been seeing him now for over 10 years, and as long as he remains in practice, I will continue to see him.  I will admit that some of his previous staff were not always been &quot;friendly&quot;, but having been in the customer service industry for years, I understand that when you are very busy, you can sometimes come off as rude.  Dr. Parker is very thorough and always takes the time to discuss everything in detail.  He is honest and direct and will not powder coat anything.  He is very friendly and good about ordering tests we request, whether he feels they are necessary or not. When it comes to my health, I prefer it that way. He is by far the absolute best doctor I have ever had.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
87	1	 Dr Parker has been my Dr for the last 13 yrs, and I dont trust anyone else.  He is the best! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
87	1	 I have been going to Dr. Parker for 8 years.  I have had many fertility problems and he was very understanding and tried to help me as much as he could before referring me to a fertility specialist.  After getting pregnant through in-vitro, I returned back to him for the delivery of my first son.  I had a very difficult pregnancy and delivery.  He actually took steps that saved my life during delivery after I had severe hemorrhaging.  With my second pregnancy he was very proactive in keeping me and my second son healthy.  From lessons learned the first time we had a very smooth second labor.  I had both sons naturally and he never mentioned a c-section to me.  My husband and I both trust Dr. Parker and I have recommended many friends to him that also think he is a great Dr.  OB is a very demanding field and I think he does it because he loves helping women and bring new life into this world, not for the money or prestige.   I for one appreciate the sacrifices he makes for his patients! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	-1	 I had heard great things about Dr. Parker, but unfortunately did not have a good experience with him.  When Dr. Parker looked at the results of an ultrasound done at the hospital he told us there was something wrong with our baby.  He was rude and cold while telling us.  During our next ultasound at another office we found out our baby was totally normal and healthy.  Dr. Parker never appologized for the mistake or acted like he even cared.  For that matter he never seemed to care about anything with my pregnancy.  Yes, there were a few times when he was personable, but it was rare.  Also check his c-section rate before you decide to trust him with one of the biggest occasions of your life.  	3	3	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	 I saw Dr. Parker for 5 years, and recently made a switch to a physician in OKC closer to home.  I found Dr. Parker to be very direct and to the point - and though this never bothered me, I assume some may see it as being cold or distant.  I never took it to be so.  I had a concern with my first pregnancy, and Dr. Parker took the time to sit and visit with me on more than one occasion.  He is a longtime Norman physician, an excellent surgeon, and extremely knowledgeable.  His office staff was always pleasant and helpful when I had questions.  One of his nurses, Tracy, is wonderful and attentive.  I would recommend Dr. Parker to anyone.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
87	1	 I'm a Jehovah's Witness. He respects that and even though many doctors push blood, he doesn't. He respects my beliefs and delivered my daughter just so. When I needed more help in another area he referred me to another doctor which saved my life..He is the greatest in my book and all those trying to tarnish his name can go somewhere. There is something wrong with you,not him..He knows his job.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
87	0	 He seemed nice at first, I had been referred to him for having recurrent UTIs. When I got pregnant, he never ordered routine urine samples as my previous OBs did since I I was prone to UTIs, I had to ask for them. He never looked at my charts, he even asked me after my ultrasound, what my due date was because he had just grabbed my chart and walked in. He didn't seem to care about my concerns. He is punctual, but quick to go, this is how he keeps the ball rolling in his office.  And staff, extremely rude!! 	1	4	3	3	Insurance:Tricare
87	1	 Dr Parker is the best! I have been going to him for 8 years now (I started going to him for the pregnancy of my 2nd child), he was at the ER super fast when I was having a problem, he is very sympathetic.  I tell everyone to go to him! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unicare
87	-1	 I saw him twice to due heavy menses.  I had an ultrasound done at my primary care physician's office.  They saw &quot;something&quot; and wanted me to go see Dr. Parker.  I presented there and thought he had very poor bedside manner.  He didn't look at my ultrasound, but read the report I brought from my primary care physician's office.  He said that I had a fibroid tumor (which stated in the report it was unclear what it truly was).  He basically told me that in order to remedy the problem of the heavy bleeding a hysterectomy would be the choice, but since I wanted to have other children and 34, there was not much we could do.  I was insulin resistant and was not ovulating properly.  After seeing him, his office tried to charge my insurance for the ultrasound that my primary care physician did! I quickly caught that and called my insurance.  When I called to talk to the billing person, she was rude and sounded mad because I had caught their &quot;supposed&quot; mistake.  I am seeing a different gyn.  	1	3	1	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	commentsI'm not sure which Dr. Parker these women saw who complain of a terrible bedside manner, but it wasn't MY Dr. Parker! He has been my OBGYN for 14 years, and as long as I live in OK and he is in practice, I will remain his patient. I was a [very] young first time mother, and Dr. Parker was never once condescending or patronizing. The following year, he tested, diagnosed, and treated me for a very painful ovarian adhesion after NRH misdiagnosed me with PID. 3 kids later, he is just as attentive. He feels very strongly about the treatment of his patients and takes extra time to listen to concerns. He listens and advises and encourages patients to create birth plans and abides by them. He is patient, personable, caring, and sincere. All this in addition to A+ nurses and office staff. Finally, please note: when I was a poor teen mom on foodstamps and medicaid, Dr. Parker provided me with b.c. pills each month at no charge to regulate my cycles and control the pain caused by the adhesion. 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	 Felt like I was treated like livestock. Staff were unfriendly and disorganized. Dr.  Parker had the bedside manner of a tree stump! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$250
87	1	 I moved here from out of state after having 2 high risk pregnancies. Very skeptical in finding another Doctor to take the place of my prior OB, Dr. Parker was recommended by several friends. As for bed-side mannors, he's an OB! Think of what he deals with everyday! If you're looking to be babied and patted on the back, see a woman. If you're looking for a doctor to trust when your baby is ready to meet the world, see Dr. Parker. I'm looking forward to having a healthy baby who is safe at delivery. I understand the importance of communication but I'm also aware of the fact that doctors have other patients, not just me. I enjoyed Dr. Parkers prefessionalism and recommned him to other soon to be mothers.  		4	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
87	1	commentsDr. Parker is wonderful. When all else failed he discussed different treatments w/me to help me concieve. I was pregnant the next month. He has been my doctor for 8 years and I wouldn't see anyone else. His bedside manner is great! After my hysterectomy (that he preformed) he sat down and talked to my husband and explained everything to him. My husband was also impressed with him for taking his time with him. I would recommend him to every female that I know. Thank you Dr. Parker for all of your help. Oh and let me not forget how wonderful everyone in his office is so helpful. Call them any time and they will do whatever than can to get you taken care of. Thanks Girls!! 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	commentsI used him because I had heard many great things. Unfortunately, I found the opposite in him. Because of a botched c-section and an untreated ovarian cyst, I am now unable to have more children... which is not cool when you are 25. His bedside manner was cold and cruel. However, his nurse Amber (this was 6 years ago) was AMAZING! I loved her. 		3	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	 I was initially impressed with Dr. Parker, but when I had to see him for an actual problem, beyond the routine check up, he was repeatedly unhelpful. He failed to properly diagnose my very common illness, and after nearly a year of frequent visits, he never bothered to familiarize himself with current methods of treatment in regards to the problem. I had nearly resigned myself to living with a painful disease for my entire life until I sought a second opinion.  Thank goodness I did! 		5	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	commentsExcellent doctor, very polite and knowledgeable. Recommended! Paid/Co-pay:$150		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	commentsDr. Parker has been my doctor for many years and this is my second child he will be delivering. I have always been impressed by his friendliness. He is such a great doctor and I would recommend him to anyone. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	 I have used Dr. Parker for twelve years. My sister and mom are also loyal patients. The entire staff is helpful and friendly. Dr. Parker is knowledgable and always takes the time to answer questions. He is easy to get hold of and always returnes phone calls.  		4	5	5	Insurance:HealthPartners
92	1	commentsliked his bed side, good Christian, pray every time he did surgery on me and my family total of 5 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	 Dr. Page was recommended by my Joplin primary care physician, who is one of the most competent and respected in town. The ball of my foot and middle toe had been swollen for three months. Two physicians had already suspected gout, but medication was not resolving it. A third factor involved high stress on that foot during a severe ice storm. Dr. Page made a wise recommendation to do a gastroc recession to elongate the large calf muscle, allowing more flexibility for the Achilles tendon so that my toes would experience less stress while walking. He drew this out on paper so I would understand it. He also suggested special shoes might be needed. I come from a medical family, and knew to trust him. What impressed me even more, was on the day of surgery, when he took my hand and joined hands with everyone in the room for a prayer which he led. When I thanked him again later, he commented that we all knew who was in charge. I have so much now to thank him for. Ann L. Allman, Ed.D.  		4	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
92	-1	commentsDr John Esch in the same building and practice sent me to Dr. Page for a secound opinion&quot;see my rateing of DR Esch&quot; He agreed my foot was broke in serveral places. This was done to ensure they coved one another in case of a law suit. I don't now or do I ever care about a law suite. I would have rather they try to fix my medical problem. This is another doctor simply charging large amounts of money and doing nothing for the clients who go to them for help. They don't care weather you are in pain, as they will under medicate you instead of treating you for your problem. stay away as these doctors are only concerned about getting caught in a law suite instead of fixing the problem. 		1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
95	-1	commentsTerrible bed-side manner. Took sometimes days to return messages even though you may be in pain. Doesn't seem to care about patients. Goes by Dr. Tracy Painter in Bartlesville but name is Carl Painter. Would never recommend him to anyone. Go to Tulsa if you need surgery. 	2	1	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
95	0	 I waited an hour and fifteen minutes in office to review results from MRI.  I finally told his staff to cancel my appointment and I scheduled an appointment with another doctor.  	1	1	2	3	Insurance:Medicare
95	1	 Having had shoulder surgery, I am extremely happy with Dr. Painter and will definately return to him if I ever need another procedure.  He and his staff were very caring and helpful before and after my surgery. Highly recommend.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
95	0	commentstoo busy not caring 	4	2	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
