dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
7	1	comments 	3	3	5	4	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	 I am an RN with 26 years’ experience in the healthcare field, so I know more than a little about physicians and medical care. Dr. Quy has been my family doctor for 7 years. He does not take appointments so my family can always get in to see him when we need care. He provides a perfect blend between family doctor and urgent care clinic. On occasion his office staff is less than helpful, but I go to a physician for his/her knowledge and expertise. I have recommended Dr. Quy to several of my co-workers and they too are happy with his practice of medicine. Take the negative comments you read here with a big grain of salt. People that unhappy in a doctor’s office usually have unreasonable expectations or requests.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$65
12	-1	 Dr. Quy's office staff is extremely rude and unprofessional and regardless how they speak to you or treat you, Dr. Quy will defend them while they sit and smirk in your face. I will NEVER return to this doctor again! His staff is appalling. (As for his medical staff&#63; They are different every time I go there. He can't seem to keep people working for him; revolving door of staff in his office).  	1	2	2	2	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
12	1	 I have been seen by the Dr. over the last 5yrs about 10-20 times and he is very nice, doesn't keep you waiting, or if he has alot of patients will come out to the lobby and ask how you are and tell you how much longer it may be. He is humerous but is serious with you when discussing what is going on with you and the tests or treatment needed.  I have yet to meet a Dr. who works so much and is available as much as he makes himself to his patients.   I have recommended him to coworkers and friends! 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
12	-1	.  Very rude Dr 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$20
19	1	commentskind, thoughtful, great guy 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	commentsDr Quiambao is a very personable Dr that is up on the latest info. He's been my sons Dr for 2 yrs, and is always there when we need him! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	 Dr. Q was the only qualified psychiatrist, after calling more than I care to count, who would see our deaf grandson. Even though we had Aetna, BC/BS and Medicaid, AND it is against the ADA, doctors found a way to avoid seeing him.  In a crisis situation, Dr Q VOLUNTEERED to take him as a patient. We credit him with literally saving our grandson's life! The level of care, knowledge, concern, empathy and tenacity he showed and expended in our grandson's behalf is unequaled.  Simply stated, he cares! Any child or adolescent with psychological needs cannot be better served.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
23	1	 I take my 13 year old daughter to Dr.Q. We really like him a lot! He is sincere....but also straight to the point with her. He shows concern on both parts, parent and child. I was recently put on Celexa by my Dr. I have very strongly considered switching to Dr. Q myself. He is very professional, but yet has a good sense of humor to go along with everything else.  I give him a 10! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
23	1	 I have suffered from episodes of hypomania,anxiety and depression for a number of years. Dr. Quiambao did an in-depth assessment which included Mini-Mental State Exam and also obtained lab results from my primary care physician. After years of searching for a psychiatrist who would not just &quot;smile and nod&quot; it was refreshing to find Dr Q.  I give him two thumbs up!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
