dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	I cannot say enough good things about Dr. Xing. Always  cheerful, caring and interested. Great practice standards.  His nurse is mighty awesome too! I love LOVE love Dr Xing! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
1	0	From what I understand very knowledgeable, but very condescending and uncommunicative  toward women.My good friend saw  the doctor in the hospital. He agreed to see her at least once as an outpatient. Once he found out that she  was uninsured and paying out of pocket,he couldn't be rid of my friend fast enough. 	5	3	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Dr.  Xing has been my primary physician for several years, furing which time he has seen me through a gall bladder, ant three other operations done by others. He expalins well to the family. in terms they can understand.  I love him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Pacificare
1	1	He is a good doctor.  He knows his stuff.  He isn't the most personable, and as a woman I kind of need someone to talk to me more in depth, but he's down to business.  The advantage of that is you are on time.  He caught my atypical pneumonia when no one else did, and he took my dad as a patient at a time when he was in pain.  My fiancee's parents see him and love him.  I call him a man's doctor.   Guys, he's straight and to the point-friendly too, just fast paced! 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
1	1	Very kind, knowledgable, and very thorough. When my father was gravely ill, Dr. Xing was the only doctor who was straight forward, honest, and gave us the answers that we needed, even if it wasn't what we wanted to hear. When my mother went in for a check-up, he was so thorough and went above and beyond to make sure that every necessary exam and test was performed to give her a thorough work-up 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	During my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was a big help.Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
