dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
2	0	commentswhen you check in they should tell you that Dr. Hague uses unassigned claims on medicare this is totally surprised when we recieved the bill we would have gone to another doctor who accepts the assigned claims.... he had to go two days later to his family doctor  to recieve the correct treatment in these hard times is difficult to have to another doctor ..I hope you read this I thought it needed to be said. thanks for reading..... 	3	5	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	 Does not care about this patient.  Would not listen to patient or examine patient.  Now patient has multiple physical problems.  	1	1	1	2	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
2	1	commentsVery interested in patients, listens, treats, follows up on treatment. Very caring, intelligent, very thorough with his practice. Wonderful to all ages and sexes, cares about the person not the means of payment. Prefers payment but will treat person as a person with feelings. Wonderful doctor! 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	commentsGreat dentist! Wonderful staff 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	commentsthe nurse and receptionist are taking to much authority in this office. 	1	4	3	4	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	commentsNot a great experience for me.  Make sure you have the doctor sit and talk with you before he begins any procedures.  Not his nurse, but the doctor sit and talk with you. 	3	5	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	 Both Dr. Hallquist and his staff are respectful, kind, compassionate, and sincere. They are very knowledgable and always contact you in a timely manner regarding any testing. We have been his patient for 5 years.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	commentsFriendly staff that remembers my name and asks how I am doing. Dr. Hager is exceptional and honest in his overall prognosis and long term outcomes. A few days after a surgery, I started bleeding uncontrollably from my wound in my mouth. My husband in a pick called Dr. Hager at 6:30 that morning and he gladly helped walk us through getting the bleeding under control. He's just great! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	 Dr. Haas found some health problems that other doctors could not find. She is a very kind &amp; patient person.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	-1	 This Dr. is great if your a drug addict. Was hooked on pain pills, she gave script for oxycotin 300 pills per month, along with 2 other scripts for (percidan/oxicodiene) Dr's at St. John's could not get her to return calls. Pills that &quot;didn't work&quot; (kill the pain) were given back to Dr. Haas.  Office personal continued to call after she was told we found another Dr.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
8	-1	 I could not even get a breath in and she would not even help me had to goto the er to get help and they wanted me to see lung dr and she would not set one up for me so the er had to.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
8	1	commentsDr. Haas is sincerely concerned with her patients.  She listens and takes her time to understand any of the patients inquiries.  I have recommended her to many of my friends. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	 I really can't say enough great things about Dr. Haas.  She was so professional, willing to work with me and give me soon appointments even though I was on medicaid at the time.  She's really a credit to the community there and doesn't treat you badly like some doctors do.  After living all over the US, she is the Best and Most Professional doctor that I have ever seen.   :) 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
11	1	 very professional ,very sharp and extremley good bed side manners.... Highly recomended to any one 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$75
12	-1	 I would not recommend Dr. Hall. I saw her two years ago and she didn't take the time to diagnos my illness. Her staff was okay, but I wouldn't see her again personally.  	2	3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	 Dr. Hall is the best doctor I have ever been to. I had several questions and she answered all of them and was very nice when doing so.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
12	1	 Dr. Hall and her nurse were great. I was called back to my room at my appointment time and had someone attending to me almost the entire time. Dr. Hall did not rush me at all and seems very knowledgable and friendly.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
13	0	commentsI waited 6 weeks for an appointment and then 2 hours in the office.  I finally had an MRI after several requests and then he read the radiologist report and not the films. I went somewhere else. But he's a pleasant fellow personally.  I was spooked professionally. 	3	1	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	 Great experience with Dr. Hale. Very helpful, compassionate and extremely knowledgeable. Always answered any questions and was very attentive to my needs before, during and after surgery. His staff is one of the best in the medical field in OKC.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
13	1	 Dr. Hale was wonderful.  He took plenty of time to explain to me my knee problem.  His nurse Shaina was great.  The surgery went great and I'm doing much better.   Would highly recommend! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	-1	commentsI have seen Dr. Hadi on 3 occasions and every visit I waited for 1.5 hours. After my first visit he said that I needed to have surgery. He cancelled my first two surgeries and on my last attempt he cancelled again because he wasn’t sure what he needed to do. We told him we wanted a second opinion. He brought his partner in to convince me I needed surgery but his partner Dr Kahn said I didnt. Shortly thereafter the anesthesiologist stated this often happens and I should have a different doctor do my surgery. I don’t feel confident regarding Dr. Hadi's knowledge and skills. Since this debacle I have seeked three different opinions and all agreed that I should not have surgery.  For all persons reading my review please do yourself a favor and thoroughly research you doctors and get different opinions.I would NOT RECOMMEND him to anyone ever gain.  I just don’t feel confident with his decisions and apparently neither does his partner! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	 Overall I have to say this is the worst doc I have ever been to. Waited in his office for 1 and 1/2 hours. Finally saw him while he was yelling at his staff. Cnvinced me I need a fusion and didnt listen to my pain doc who said I shouldnt have it. Did fusion and now Im worse than before. He pawned me off on the pain doc who sent me to another surgeon. The othe surgeon said I never had a fusion. I dont know whts uo with this guy hadi but he gave me the run around for over 1 year, made me worse and now i need another fusion at te same level which he supposedly fused.  	2	1	1	1	Insurance:Aetna
15	-1	 Makes you wait forever.  He is totally not worth it. Horrible doctor.  He messed me up beyond repair.   He should have his license revoked 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
15	-1	comments 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	 This doctor has a lot of confidence in his abilities, unfortunately he does not have the skill to back it up.  He botched my surgery then defamed me to cover his mistake.  He should not be allowed to abuse his patients in this manner.  You would do well to look at his employment history and do some research as to why he has to keep moving and changing employers.  	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	-1	 Do not let this doctor cut on you.  At first he seems very nice, but if there are complications from the surgery, he becomes unhelpful, defensive, and you will have to find another doctor to correct the problem.  	2	3	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	commentsVery prompt, kind, and informative. I would definitely recommend her. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
21	0	 Simply does not make time for his patients.  I could never get most of my questions answered and he seemed irritated if you did have questions.  I am very willing to pay more for even a little more time but he'll not spend more than 5-10 minutes with you.  	4	3	1	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	-1	commentsI went to Dr. Hall’s practice to get a scalp biopsy and instead I got checked all over my body except for my head.  He did not put one hand on my head. If you are a half decent looking young woman, I would not recommend going into his practice. He was completely negligent to why I had made an appointment to see him.  And to further this unpleasant visit, his office did not file the insurance bill until 6 months later.  By this time, I was no longer working for OSU and had relocated to Florida.  Upon arriving here, I saw a local dermatologist who determined that I have a malignant mold on my head that needs to be removed ASAP. When I called his receptionist about his fee her response was “just because you didn’t get the results you wanted doesn’t mean that you should get away with not paying for Dr. Hall’s time” He and his staff are completely unprofessional, and also filed a report to the credit bureau on my behalf for a bill that I was not even expecting. Paid/Co-pay:$145	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	commentsI went to Dr. Hall to have him look at the dark circles under my eyes. When he showed up it seemed like he had better things to do and I wasn't very important. Then in a hurry he told me there was nothing he could do for me. Cool; whatever; it is what it is; I dealt with it. But then he went on to try to sell me stuff to use to help get rid of it. What's up with that you just told me there was nothing you could do&#63; Then he made another appointment for me so he could take a little bit more of my money to help pay for that sweet corvette he drives and most likely that nice house he lives in. Complete waste of money and time go to someone else that actually cares and isn't in it just for the buck. 	1	4	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	commentsI went to Dr. Hall wanting red moles removed. Dr. Hall patiently explained that the moles were nothing to worry about and that removing them would put me at risk for complications. A friend of mine insisted on having her moles removed (by a different dermatologist) and did indeed have complications, later wishing she had just left the moles alone.  Thank you Dr. Hall for educating me and saving me from myself. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
21	0	commentsDr. Hall is young, but is probably a very competent physician.  However, he needs to learn how to keep on schedule and make more complicated cases make appointments when he can take more time with them.  The 2 times I saw him, I waited about 2 hours in a room full of other irritated patients while his office receptionist appeared to be sitting at her computer surfing the internet.  I'd recommend he hire a competent office manager to put a stop to that. 	2	1	2	4	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	 Dr. Hall had a very good knowledge base. He got glowing reviews from my father-in-law, my MD, and several other people in my community. His staff was amazing! I think they knew almost as much as he did. Great Job Dr. Hall! He made me feel very secure that he took care of my concerns.  	5	4	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	 Dr. Hall is a very good Doctor, she is very helpful and explains all your options.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
26	1	 Dr. Hall has delivered both of my children and I will continue to see her.. she is an amazing Dr. So kind, caring, and helpful.  I recommend her to everyone!! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	 I CHOSE DOCTOR HALL B/C MY OB/GYN RETIRED FROM LAKESIDE. SHE IS A VERY THOROUGH DOCTOR, VERY KIND AND PATIENT AND TRULY CONCERNED ABOUT MY CONCERNS AND NEEDS. SHE RECENTLY PERFORMED THE ESSURE METHOD ON ME, AND EVEN THEN SHE WAS VERY CONCERNED ABOUT HOW I WAS DOING DURING THE PROCEDURE. SHE IS A VERY KIND AND CARING DOCTOR WHICH I ASSUME WE WANT ESPECIALLY FOR SOMETHING SO PRIVATE AS WOMEN'S HEALTH. I'VE RECOMMENDED DR. HALL TO 2 OF MY COWORKERS AND THEY TOO LOVE HER.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	 Dr. H delivered my 2nd child &amp; overall I was very happy with her.  She addressed every concern in a calm, sweet manner.  I felt as though she really cared about me and my baby, I wasn't just a patient that needed to be pushed through the line.  The only drawback to Dr. H is that she will not do VBAC's.  My first baby was delivered via c/s &amp; therefore she gave me no other option for delivering my 2nd child. ONCE A C-SECTION, ALWAYS A C-SECTION.  I am positive this is b/c her mal practice ins won't cover her to do them, not necessarily b/c she doesn't think they are a good option for patients.  If you want to avoid a repeat c-section, you'd be better off contacting ICAN.org to find a doc in the OKC area that is insured to do them.  To my knowledge, there are only a few docs in the state of OK who &quot;can&quot; do them.  Dr. Thompson in Tulsa (highly recommend, who I'm seeing for my 3rd pg) and 2 at OU med center.  I highly recommend doing your own research on VBACs before agreeing to a repeat c/s 	3	5	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	 Dr. Hall just delivered my first baby in April.  I was more than thrilled with her.  In fact, I will be moving this year and that is a big con for me....that she will not deliver any more of my babies!  :(  She is so sweet, gentle and genuine.  She was very knowledgeable and was quick to act whenever I had a problem with my pregnancy.  She never took anything lightly and always had me checkout out &quot;just in case.&quot;  I can't think of anything she could have done better.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	-1	 I saw Dr Hall for 5 consecutive years (during college) for my regular annual checkups. Every year I complained of a painful abdominal mass which only grew and worsened over time. Dr Hall (and her nurse practitioner) repeatedly dismissed my concerns, commenting casually that it &quot;seemed&quot; to be my colon, with no further investigation. When the pain became unbearable, I finally saw another OBGYN and was promptly scheduled for testing where he EASILY diagnosed me with ovarian cysts. By this time BOTH of my ovaries had cysts, one weighing 6lbs, and the other 12lbs!!! Both ovaries were removed via invasive, scarring surgery. At this point laproscopy was no longer an option due to the huge size of the cysts. After a difficult physical recovery I am still left with the emotional trauma of NOT BEING ABLE TO HAVE CHILDREN!!! There is an extremely good chance that, had this been treated 5 YEARS AGO, my right ovary could have been saved.  THANKS DR HALL!!! 	3	4	1	1	Insurance:Humana
26	1	 I have found Dr. Hall to be very sweet, compassionate and knowledgeable.  She has performed a laparoscopy on me in the past and fixed the problem I was having.  My recovery went well.  I am now pregnant with my first child and have been very happy with my care.  When I called with an issue, they fit me in immediately and checked me out.  I am quite happy with Dr. Hall.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	 Dr. Hall is a wonderful doctor! She delivered my first son and will be delivering the next one. She is kind, knowledgable, and is always there to listen.  I love her so much!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	 I am 49 yrs. old and love Dr. Hall. I followed her from the Renaissance to Lakeside. In the past I went to Drs. Block and Chambers and I have received far superior care (and concern) from Dr. Hall.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:HealthPartners
26	1	 I have used Dr. Hall for all three of my pregnancies which all were full-term vag. births, no major problems. I still use her for gyn care. She is very gentle and capationate and I love having her as my Dr. for that.  		2	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	-1	 Dr. Hall left my pre-eclampsia undiagnosed and untreated even though I presented all the signs for 3 weeks. She was very unknowledgeable about diet during pregnancy. As a direct result of her “care,” my daughters were born 2 months too soon via emergency c-section (which another doctor had to insist on). My body went into shock and I almost lost my children as a direct result. Please avoid her at all costs. I was not given the option of speaking to her about my condition or the surgery until I was being wheeled into the operating room. I would later find out she did a sub-par job on my c-section. She is a very nice woman. I loved her during most of my pregnancy. Unfortunately, she is not the best doctor by a long shot. I advise every pregnant woman I come in contact with to avoid her at all costs.  		1	3	1	Insurance:Tricare
31	1	 A good surgeon; kind and helpful.  willing to explain problems and options.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
40	1	 Dr. Hager is an excellent doctor! She really took care of me!  I would recommend her to anyone looking for an OBGYN!  As for her staff, they could be a little more personable.  	2	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
40	1	 Dr. Hager has a great bedside manner and seems very knowledgeable. She took quite a bit of time with me, which was great. I'm used to spending half an hour in a waiting room to see a doctor for five minutes. Her staff did not stand out as either bad or good. Because it is Oklahoma and some healthcare professionals are uncomfortable with gay people, I was pleasantly surprised when Dr. Hager didn't seem to be fazed by my partner's presence or my orientation. I don't know how she personally feels about homosexuality, but she treated us no differently than I would assume she treats her straight patients. I recommend her to everyone who asks.  	3	4	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
40	-1	commentsI have been to Dr Hager twice.  The first time I had to wait in the exam room over an hour in a paper gown.  I forgave that, it happens with OB's.  Otherwise the appointment was great, I thought she was very personable and friendly, proactive and knowledgeable. The second time I visited her I was flabbergasted.  When I mention trying to concieve our second child soon I was lectured on being overweight for half an hour and told that a baby doesnt come into this world by choice to a fat parent and that wasn't fair to a child.  She ranted on the whole appointment and then insisted I start taking birth control again because getting pregnant would be terrible.  She told me to come back when I'd lost 50lbs and maybe we could talk more. I cried all the way home.  She was like a totally different person.  I won't be returning. 	4	3	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	commentsInitially, I really enjoyed Dr. Hager's bedside manner and overall chatty nature.  As a young woman, I felt this was a must.  Unfortunately, last summer (2009) I was diagnosed with mild cervical cancer and had to go through laser ablation treatments.  Dr. Hager provided me with no extra materials and no preparation to how painful the ablation was going to be.  I am now cancer free and am having trouble with a birthcontrol that I have been on for over 2 years.  Instead of prescribing me something new, she prescribed the same thing (seasonale instead of seasonique, which have the exact same dosage, just one with non (low estrogen) placebo pills and one with them).  Her response was that I was wrong.  I am sorry, but I am looking at the packages and both say the exact same dosage.  I do not like to be treated as though I am retarded and am insulted that I paid more money for the same thing, infact, the older version of the pill!  Not the greatest OBGYN ever. 	4	3	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	commentsIn my opinion, I feel Dr. Hager is in medicine for the wrong reason. I don't know why she chose this profession because I feel her heart is definitely not in it. My only assuption is that it is a family profession, so that is why she chose it.  I feel she is not a patient advocate and does not put the patient's best interests first. It is really unfortunate because she does seem like a good Dr from first impression, however, if she feels threatened in any way by another medical professional (doctor), she jumps the gun to accuse other medical professional on inadequacies simply because she feels threatened and not because she feels it could cause harm to her patient.  I also feel she is extremely insecure in her own decision making. I am very disappointed at how she has handled a couple matters and feel she does not take the patient's well-being into consideration. If you do choose this Dr. please trust your gut and if you feel that your best interests are not at hand....speak up. 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	 She's the best!! Short wait time everytime I went. Great listener and has excellent bedside manner.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$700
40	0	commentsAs a new patient I felt extremely rushed. I was not given the opportunity to ask the questions I wanted to have answered.  Also, I am concerned about how sterile the things being used on patients are.  For example, I was due for a pap and noticed that the supplies they were going to be using on me were sitting on the BARE counter, NOT on a tray NOT even a napkin.  I didn't think that was right and asked the nurse in a very nice way about what I was seeing.  She turned to me throwing away the swabs and said, &quot;the vagina is not a very sterile place either.&quot; Shocked by her response I thought to myself, well she might be right, but I sure do want everything going in there to be sterile. After that, I needed blood work done. The lab was a mess, it didn't look clean to my eyes. Big gulp cups sitting on the same counter as ALL the urine samples and for patients to see.  Not thrilled with my appointment. 	3	3	2	4	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	 I had been to multiple doctors and they could not fiqure out what was wrong with my ovaries.  Dr. Hagar diagnosed me within 5 minutes!  She was always very caring and patient with me.  I was in constant pain and she was very empathetic.  She preformed mulitple surgeries on me and I would trust her again and again! I have recommended my friends and they love her as well! I would not go anywhere else! 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
40	0	commentsvery wonderful and smart doctor, but unstable and in a instant can turn into craziness.. can be rude with staff,nurses and whomever she feels superior too..... good doctor but not wirth the emotional unstablesness 	3	3	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	 Dr Hager is awesome. I am a doctor also and won't stick around if I don't trust or like a doctor, and I trust her with anything. She was empathetic and caring when I had a miscarriage and removed the tubal pregnancy with no damage to the tube. She did an excellent job delivering my son when there were some sudden complications. She is kind, open and honest. I know obstetrics from my med school training and her clinical judgment and decision making are based on sound knowledge. If my insurance didn't take her for some reason, I'd consider paying out of pocket. Only times I've had to wait a little is when she has had to go to a delivery and that's what she is supposed to do! 5 stars.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$25
40	1	 Dr. Hager is the best!  I have never felt anything but completely comfortable with her and trust her very much.  She delivered my first baby and will deliver any future children I may have.  Have recommended her to numerous friends who love her.   I can't say enough wonderful things about this doc! 	3	4	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
40	-1	 never apologizes for long waits/rude to pt and staff-fired long time patient when they questioned office policy of charging xtra for venipuncture. marginal clinical judgement.  	2	1	1	2	Insurance:United Healthcare
40	-1	commentsI had a very inappropriate experience with Dr. Hager. At first she seemed to be a wonderful Doctor until she made an assumption about my husband and forced us to take venereal disease tests that were completely unnecessary. I was very upset that she was accusing me or my husband of immoral behavior and she insisted, against my wishes, to have the tests done. Of course the tests were negative. It was humiliating and I was not even having any signs of any illnesses. She just made assumptions without knowing anything about my husband, who has a PhD and went to Yale, and refused to even discuss why she was doing the tests in the first place. 	2	4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	commentsDr. Hager is one of the best doctors I have ever had! I have recommended her to 3 of my friends who are now regular patients because they liked her so well. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	commentsSuper great doctor!!  Love her, love her, love her!!!  She is very sweet and has great bedside manners.  I am a first time mom and she has been VERY helpful to me! Totally would recommend her!! 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
41	-1	commentsDr Haygood did not catch a severe infection caused during surgery, that lead to major complications... 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	 Dr. Hagood is soft spoken.  Don't confuse this for uncaring.  He has the patience of Job.  He answered all my questions, and made sure I understood.  He is the best surgeon I have ever had.  When you have to wait a bit on him, just remember, next time it may be you he is taking the extra time with.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	 Went to Dr. Haygood thinking I had an infection, see was able to determine that I had a form of Testicular Cancer called an inmature teratoma.  Thought I would be in for a short office visit and ended up getting admitted for surgery that night.  The pain level never exceeded a 2 on a scale of 1-10.  The next day following my discharge after a testicle was removed I was able to go back to work.  He got it all too.  I kind of feel guilty when I say &quot;I am a Cancer Survivor&quot; because Dr. Haygood made it seem as hassle free as getting your teeth cleaned.  He is awesome and volunteers as a Scoutmaster.  I would highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
41	1	commentsJust as a side note to the person with the abnormal kidneys. When looking at a scan you expect to find a horse, not a zebra. Abnormalities are not something that everyone expects and therefore not immediately diagnosed as a possibility. As for my treatment, couldn't have been better! Very helpful, professional man. I've been in his care for a while and wouldn't be with anyone else! On another side note: Of course he has an opinion, he has every right to. He's the one that has the knowledge and the experience, not me. I want a doctor that is decisive and makes the best solutions/decisions for my best care. Not one that makes decisions based on how they will effect my &quot;feelings&quot;. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	commentsThe frount office lady is so nice and helpful. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
41	-1	 bedside mantters are awful.told me i had a mass on my kidney.after 5 ct scans went to okc.found out i was born with 3 kidneys and 3 ureter tubes. guess he didn't know what he was looking at. neither did ponca city hospital.  	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	-1	 I went to this doctor some time ago and will never go again.  His bedside manners sucked.  He was crude, fearful, no understanding.  Will write prescription for drugs and walk out of room.  Doesn't seem to have time for his patients.  He does not listen to patients very opinionated!  I could not find his name in the new Ponca City, OK phone book.   Did he leave town&#63; 	3	3	2	1	Insurance:Aetna
43	1	commentsI am disappointed that she is retiring - and that patients were not given more notice. A very good and caring doctor. 	2	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	commentsUsed her for many years, from the mid-1970s, until I moved away in 2005. Best doctor I ever had! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	commentsI have been going to Dr. Hakel for over 30 years.  She is a very good doctor.  My husband and son and daughter really like her as well.  Means a lot for the guys to like a non-male!  The only complaint is she really takes her time..I have had to wait an hour or more on occasion.  Her staff is helpful for the most part. 	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
46	0	 I had a nurse every single visit except 1 during my whole pregnancy then this stanger (Dr.Hagar) walks up in the hospital and delivers my baby.  	4	2	2	3	Insurance:Molina
46	-1	commentsThe Dr was ALWAYS late and often not even available at all. Her knowledge seemed limited and I did not have confidence in her most of the time. 		1	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
46	-1	commentsThe staff was very unprofessional. They are also a bit rude. On more than one occasion, I have had to be on top what I needed to have done for my pregnancy and not the other way around. It's a good thing I've been pregnant before and knew what to expect. Also, when I asked the girl who drew blood to please draw my blood for a certain test, she didn't even know what I was talking about. The test I needed done was to check the alphafetaprotein levels, and she didn't even know what that was! I was shocked. She then proceeded to draw my blood with no gloves on and without washing her hands. At every appointment I went to I had to wait over an hour to see the doctor. Needless to say, I discontinued my care at this office. The doctor herself wasn't too bad, but had no idea who I was even after seeing me at least five times in a row (I am now about 26 weeks pregnant). I found that a little strange. I think that this practice needs a lot of help if it's going to last. 		1	2	1	Insurance:Unknown
46	0	commentsThe staff is totally unorganized and not the most professional. During the most recent visit, one of the office staff was singing out loud! They do not confirm appointments, which I have never heard of doctor's offices not doing! They do not go out of their way to be helpful or informative. Not the friendliest. Wait times from 30 minutes to an hour. Quite frankly have been disappointed thus far...12 weeks pregnant....3 visits so far. 		3	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	commentsShe is a good doctor most of the time, but she takes on to many patients and to much at one time. She needs to get organized and set her priorities right. She also needs to get all new office staff. The ones she has got suck!! 		1	3	4	Insurance:Unknown
47	-1	commentsStay away. He gave my daughter thyroid medication and did not follow up though she was in his office for some type of treatment or another every week. She became very ill so we went to another doctor and found her Thyroid levels were dangerously sky high and that she should have never been on the medication. We do not believe that he should be a doctor. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	commentsVery helpful with nutrition. 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	 Performed back surg and I am now permanently disabled and Im only in my 40's. Dr. Hahn was very kind at first until he realized I had a serious problem after surgery and then he could not get rid of me fast enough. His staff became very rude and he all the sudden became unavailable and stopped seeing me altogether. Would not even try to explain what had happened or why I would never work again in my lifetime. This has caused great financial hardship on myself and my family and he refuses to take any responsibility.  	1	3	1	2	Insurance:Workers Comp
64	-1	commentsvery aggressive, questionable ethics.  Seems to have conflict of interest regarding motives for performing surgery. 	5	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	 I find Dr Hahn to be difficult and unapproachable.  My sugery did not help me and he is unable to answer my questions 	3	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	commentsDr. Hahn has performed 3 operations on my back and has relieved the pain I had.  He is an excellent doctor who takes a very personal approach with his patients.  I highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	commentsI love, love, love Dr. Hahn.  He took time with me, took time to test to make sure that the surgery he was recommending would work.  When I had surgery my parents came, and he took time to show them my MRI and explain what was wrong and what he was going to be doing during my surgery. He has always been kind when I have been in to see him.  I can not say enough good about this doctor. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	commentsI have been to about 6 neurosurgeons. He is the only one that treated me like a human. He is the best neurosurgeon and the best doctor I've ever met. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	commentsHe is one of the best surgeons around. He tells it like it is. He takes his time with his patients and listens to them. He is very thorough. He cares about his patients. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
70	-1	commentsThis Doctor opened my shoulder up, took off some bone and DID NOT sew the torn tendon. No one told me they did not repair the tear until my last follow up appointment or there about. My shoulder remained painful and did not improve with PT. When I came in to discuss this with him, he said I would not be charged for that appointment. Yet his office continued to bill us, again and again until my husband finally gave in and paid them. I went to another surgeon 5 months later to be opened up again. This surgeon did sew the torn tendon so I could heal. Dr. Hale's excuse for not repairing it, was that the tear &quot;didn't seem that bad&quot;. I'm afraid I can not recommend this Doc. 	4	3	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
70	0	commentsI like Dr Hale.  I like the staff.  But the followup and communication is nonexistant, causing me to NOT recommend Dr Hale.  Even after many phone calls, they don't followup.  They always say they will take care of something and they never do.  It was ridiculous!  I am 2+ weeks post surgery and have still not started physical therapy because they have not run it through insurance yet.  Over 1 hour wait in office to see Dr. 	1	2	2	4	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	 Very Good Doctor. Spends time with patients.  Very good follow up 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
72	1	 Dr. Hall went out of his way to take extra time needed to correctly diagnose a paralyzed vocal cord after a serious injury. He was helpful, exceptionally kind, and very patient with my many questions. I highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	.  Great doctor!  Did my husband's surgery and is very caring and extremelly knowledgable!  He is the best in any head/neck cancer! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	-1	 First appt -2006 - Dr. Hall was very personable.  Made me want to see him for next ENT issue.  Next appt 2008 - extremely curt.  Didn't ask me about symtoms.  Viewed CT Scan said no sinus problem and besides &quot;he's a surgeon&quot; and can't help me. Like I was wasting his time.  	4	3	1	1	Insurance:Aetna
74	1	 Do not know what we would have done without his help.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
74	1	 Excellent Doctor.Very caring and doesn't rush you. Takes all the time needed to evaluate your needs. He is always professional yet also personable and friendly.He seems to always be up to date on the latest medical advances.  		4	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
74	1	commentsVery caring and compassionate doctor. Will work with you to find help for your chronic pain or conditions. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	commentsDr. Hall was very professional, kind, and patient. His dad delivered both my children and when his dad was unable to see me, Dr. Brian stepped in.  He has learned from the best! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	commentsI loved Dr. Hall and his Dad! One delivered each of my children. Very caring and the type of doctor that if he can figure out a way to fix it, he does so. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	commentsDr. Hall was wonderful as was his entire staff. They were patient and understanding and helped me from the first visit until after my surgery. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	commentsDr. Hall has delivered 3 of my children and is a wonderful doctor. He is a caring individual. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	commentsDr. Hall is a great doctor. He really knows what he is talking about and is a very kind person. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	commentsDOCTOR IS VERY TRUTHFUL AND CARING. HE TELLS THE PATIENT EXACTLY WHAT IS GOING ON AND WHAT IS NEEDED TO TREAT THE CONDITION. HAS A GREAT BED SIDE MANNER. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	commentsHe is an Amazing doctor. Kind, patient, helpful. He actually calls his patients to discuss concerns.  He is amazing. 	3	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	 Amazing doctor. I have seen many docs because I have lupus and other health problems. Dr. Habib takes as much time to talk to me as needed and never rushes off. He is one of the brightest docs I have ever met. I was worried about not being able to understand him but trust me his English will be better than 90% of the people he sees. Excellent doctor, excellent care.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	 Dr. Habib is the best doctor I've EVER seen. What has he done for me&#63; Fixed my nausea that the specialist couldn't fix (had it 20 years), fixed my diarrhea, removed a tampon I got stuck (and was overly patient), diagnosed and treated my sprained ankle, etc. All of the above were on one try. Dr. Habib is great about preventative medicine (I fell down the stairs at a party. He asked if I'd been drinking and I believe he'd try to treat alcoholism if that were the case.) He has prescribed me medications I did not take like I should, I came in for the same thing, and he talked to me and immediately knew the best thing to prescribe to me after I told my problem with it. He understands his role as a physician: he can give you the best recommendation for care, but YOU are in control of your own health. He makes sure you know that in a kind way. He talks to you for however long you need, is usually pretty happy and has a very good bedside manner for a doctor. He truly cares for his patients.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$20
80	1	 He is amazing. He cares, he listenes, and i trust him. If it was not for him, I don't know how I could manage my day to day life. I recommend him to anyone.  	2	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
80	1	commentsI have injections from Dr. Hackl and I have finally found a doctor who can help me with a pain I have dealt with for 2 years. I am always happy with the results and the fact that I no longer have daily pain. He answers any question I have and helps me feel at ease. I will continue to see him for my injections 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	commentsThis was the only doctor that I ever felt actually cared about my health. I wish she was still in Halifax I can't even find a doc that comes close to her. Just Amazing. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	.  He's one of the nicest doctors I've seen!  Spent a lot of time answering all my questions! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	commentsOutstanding doctor.  He was a very  knowledgeable cardiologist. He explained things very well and was very thorough.  Very caring and kind. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	 HUSBAND HAD 7 HEART ATTACKS, TWO STENTS PLACED IN HEART, WONDERFUL ATTITUDE TOWARDS FAMILY, TAKES TIME TO EXPLAIN PROCEEDURES TO US, CARES ABOUT HIS PATIENTS.   THANK YOU 	4	4	4	5	Insurance:Medicare
87	-1	commentsThis doctor performed a cardiac catheritization on me. He concluded that I had a deformity in my aorta and had no blockage problems.  On follow up visits he ridiculed me for not being able to perform my normal activities.  After six months of this I found another cardiologist.  He reviewed the disk containing the original cath and found a 90% blockage.  He said I could have had a massive heart attack and died.  I know of several other people who have had similar experiences with his medical care. 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	 Misread Cardiac Cath leaving in jeopardy of major heart attack that would result in death. Disk was read by another cardiologist finding a 90% blockage.  		1	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
88	1	commentsHe is a very friendly doctor and he answered all of my questions 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
93	0	 I agree with all of these posts that he is: Arrogant, has Bad bedside manner, Brusque, Cold, Often Rude, and dismissive! I can't even say he is &quot;Brilliant&quot;- or even very &quot;knowledgeable&quot;.  To me, he controls the visit by driving it the way he wants it to go based on what he knows (as do most doctors), but it allows him to be safe thereby dismissive. But with &quot;me&quot; he was thorough. One day he walked in my room and said something very rudely and it ended with the words: &quot;What have you been doing&#63;!&quot; It blindsided me and left me bewildered. However, all I knew was that if he or any other doctor ever spoke to me that way again he was going to learn not to do it anymore.  Finally, He just walked in the room one day and announced he was going completely InVitro/Reproductive; no more &quot;GYN&quot;. Yep, no heads-up via a letter or nothing; just an abrupt ending.  	2	2	3	3	Insurance:CIGNA
93	1	commentsI was told by multiple doctors that I could not have children. I had had 2 ectopic pregnancies and my tube removed. Dr. Haas was very quick to diagnose and treat me.  He is so dedicated to his work and his faith in God is amazing!  My husband and I went through and IVF cycle and got pregnant on our first try!  That pregnancy resulted in a wonderful little boy that is now 3 yrs old.  We did 2 more frozen cycles and are now expecting a little girl in just a couple of weeks!  This would not have been possible without the care and concern from Dr. Haas.  He was great to my husband and I and I would recommend him to anyone who is dedicated to conceiving a child.  He is very strict and stern and only wants the best for his patients. 	5	4	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	 I understand that fertility issues are a very sensitive subject but come on.  I've treated with Dr. Haas for 12 months with severe PCOS and have never experienced anything like what some of these other women are describing.  Dr. Haas is a good doctor and he knows his stuff.  He is not there to hug you or hold your hand (which is exactly what he did when I had my ovarian drilling).  He is there to tell you the facts and to tell you in his opinion what the best plan of action is.  He has never just walked into my exam room.  He has never been rude to me or my husband.  Whenever I had questions that he didn't answer it was because I was afraid to ask them.  He has always been helpful as well has his nurses.  Inferility is tuff and it was nice to have a doctor without all of the fluff.   That's what my husband is for! 	5	4	4	5	Insurance:Pacificare
93	-1	commentsDr. Haas walked into the room and told me that my OBGYN was wrong and I didn't have a condition that she thought I had (before he even introduced myself).  He interuppted me every time a spoke.  I have cramping for 3 weeks each month and while trying to tell him this, he kept saying, &quot;Normal women have cramping with their period&quot;.  He was very dismissive.  It was the worst experience I have ever had with a physician.  He made me feel like everything was hopeless and I would never have any comfort from anything.  He sent me home and told me to come back in 5 months.  And then said send me a thank you card when you are pregnant.  He interuppted so much that I don't think he ever heard that I have a LOT of pain!!  Rude, rude, rude. 	4	1	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
93	0	commentsCondescending, not willing to answer pt concerns, one track (IVF) mind. Asked about prices and thought we had covered a procedure cost then was hit with an unexpected 350.00 on the way out. Staff unwilling to fax a document without a hastle and fifty cents. 	2	3	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
93	0	 The doctor is knowledgeable in his field. But that's all I give him credit for. I find him rude &amp; impolite &amp; he talked down to me &amp; my husband on our very first visit. At times he would walk in with medical students while I was laying with my legs in the stirrups, unannounced. He must have missed those classes in medical school that covers being polite to patients.  	1	5	1	5	Insurance:AHC
93	-1	 DO NOT go to for PCOS! Very impolite, will not consider patient concerns. He is very interested in invitro and not much else. I went for PCOS and cry every time I had to talk to him. His idea of treatment is Birth control and lose weight. He also likes to talk down to you as if he is &quot;telling you how it is&quot; I heard him tell the couple next to me that they were really too poor to afford invitro and they should consider they may not ever have children, because the debt was not worth it. We are not talking about poor bedside manner, this man really has a superiority complex and can make women VERY uncomfortable.  	3	2	1	3	Insurance:Aetna
93	1	 Dr. Hass is an excellent physician and went way beyond his scope to care for my husband and I during my treatment with him, including meeting me at his clinic at all hours of the day and night for moments notice care. Over the two years that I saw him he displayed unbelievable compassion for me during multiple miscarriages. He is foremost, a medical scientist, and sees some of the most puzzling infertility cases. I wouldn't say he was the most outwardly charming doctor I ever met- but that was not one of my qualifications for success. He stuck with me when other specialists around the country dismissed my ability to have a baby. Thanks to Dr. Haas, we have two beautiful teenagers today. I am forever grateful.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
93	1	commentsDr Haas was very knowledgeable but has a very bad bedside manner. He is very impatient and harsh. I don't know how anyone could go to him for infertility issues, he has no compassion. He definitely needs a lot of work on how to handle patients in the exam room. 	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	commentsI'm surprised to read the comments about his lack of bedside manner, especially the one about &quot;holding your hand&quot; since he literally did hold my hand more than once! I always found him very warm and caring. He could be impatient and brusque at times, but overall I always felt that he and his staff cared very much about all of their patients. I would absolutely recommend this clinic over the &quot;other&quot; big OKC clinic for anyone suffering from infertility. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	commentsDr. Haas knows what he's talking about, but has a bad bedside mannor at times. He is sometimes impatient with your lack of knowledge, but I made it clear to him that I had never even heard the words Invitro Fertilization and that I knew nothing, therefore my questions, while they may have been petty to him, were important to me. After that he was very respectful and caring. He is a good man, this is a job to him, and it's very personal to us, so he should be more sensitive, but this is his nature. Buck up to him and demand answers (I would call and ask him to call me at the end of the day when he had ample time for me). We were successful with a frozen embryo transfer and have a beautiful baby girl. He helped us get there, and do you know who he credited... God. He's a good man, just a little harsh at times... Paid/Co-pay:$19000	5	5	3	5	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	 Dr. Haas helped me conceive two beautiful children. He had answers when other doctor's were puzzled.  He is awesome!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	1	 dr haas was very unhelpful and misleading. he gave me false information about my condition an basically made me feel doomed. his dismissive and coldness wasnt enough for me to continue treatment with him.  	5	4	2	5	Insurance:Tricare
93	0	 This doctor is brilliant like other poster said however he was extremly dismissive & has zero compassion which is the worst thing for this type of doctor to not have. He also had me in tears in the first visit. Went on to visit another doctor who did have compassion & fixed my problem quickly & went on to conceive a healthy pg w/ a little girl who is now 5.  	2	5	1	5	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$10
93	1	commentsThis guy knows his stuff, but has no personality. He mad me cry and is a cold fish. That being said he IS brilliant, just don't expect him to hold your hand or be overly compassionate. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	 Dr Haberman is the best. I would highly recommend her.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	commentsAs an R.N. I want to say I have never received such a thorough and informative examination.  I highly recommend Dr Haberman. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	commentsShe is the best!  Great experience, relaxing and you have so much trust in her and her staff. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	 Dr. Haberman is wonderful. There are no other words to describe her and her staff.  They are professional, although many times very crowded so make your appointment early!! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$600
96	1	 Absolutely the BEST GP in OKC. He will listen as long as you need. I never feel rushed.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:HealthFirst
96	1	 Always friendly and willing to go the extra mile. I follow Dr. Haag from the Broadway Clinic because he is the best.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CoventryPaid/Co-pay:$20
96	1	 Dr Hagg is simply the best Dr I have ever been too. He is very compassionate nd listens to you and will answer your questions. He does not act like you are too dumb to understand what is wrong with you. His staff are like they were made for him and the job just simply excellent. Use to getting sick was bad because the drama was alll about going to the doctor, Here is a doctor who will solve that problem. The longest I have ever had to wait is about five or ten minutes, and the place is clean enough to eat off the floor. Hope he is around for a very long time.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	commentsI have had Dr Haag for almost 7 years now since he was at the broadway cinic and he is just awesome. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	commentsI recommend Dr. Haag to everyone I know. He is an execllent doctor. He thoroughly listens to your complaints and is very compassionate. 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	commentsFirst time i have ever seen this doctor. Was able to make an appointment the same day. Got through the first time paperwork and was in an exam room within 10 minutes of appt. time. He was very helpful and personable. I will definitly go back to him in the future. His nurse was great too. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
