dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
6	1	commentsDr. Abel is the first Dr. who went to Canada, learned the Lasik technique and went around America and taught other Dr.'s.  He is the best at what he does and by the time you are done, you have had a better physical and consultation than your own physician.  And I mean a thorough history taking, procedures, med's etc as he is making sure you are not going to have a bad experience and an optimal outcome. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	 Dr. Abromovitz is a very nice man. Easy to talk with &amp; caring.  He and Dr. Pugsley performed a lumbar fusion that was done correctly.  However, a calcium deposit was left that should have been removed.  He was no longer with the practice when I went for the follow up appointment.  	5	5	3	4	Insurance:Tricare
17	1	 Dr. Addas has been very good about explaining my heart problems. I had a 5 way bypass and Dr. Abbas was the doctor finding the problems before I has a heart attack. I am very happy with his care.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	0	commentsOur experience with Dr. Abbas was good while in the hospital but once out, he acted like he did not have time to explain or answer questions.  He would make a diagnosis and then leave and run another test and then come back say briefly how bad it was and then say we have options, not explain them and then make a decision for us while we were in the hallway checking out of his office. His staff threatened to cancel all our appointments when we requested all the medical records to obtain a 2nd opinion. 	1	3	1	5	Insurance:Unknown
17	0	commentsThis doctor explains very little. He does not make eye contact. He spends as little time as possible with the patient. Having a problem with my medication, he just kept increasing it rather than changing it. Ultimately another doctor changed it and I no longer had problems. He makes you feel uncomfortable and that you are an inconvenience to him. Now he is very knowledgeable but not willing to share that knowledge just expects you to do it his way because he said so. Being a nurse helped me tremendously otherwise I would have left knowing as little or less as when I went in. 	3	1	2	4	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	comments 	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	commentsI keep having problems with my teeth and telling dr. adams at my semi anual check ups he keept saying nothing was wrong. One day while eating the tooth just broke in half. 	3	3	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	commentsDr. Adams explains each process to the patient as he provides service, always kind, punctual and professional. He was highly recommended as a dental care provider in 1998 and I have been a patient since. Paid/Co-pay:$84		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	 My experience was very positive.  I fractured my wrist very badly.  Had my appt on Monday morning and surgery was scheduled for 4 pm Monday. I like the surgery center is right there with a very friendly staff.  I healed quickly and have no problems.  I think he is the best surgeon.  The reason I selected him to fix my fracture is that he saved a man's hand that had gone to another surgeon in OKC that became infected. He is very quiet and no very talkative, but very professional.  Because he has a plastic surgeon background, he made the stitches very small and the scar healed without being so noticeable.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	-1	commentsNot welcoming, not personable, cold, doesn't care what patient has to say. DO NOT GO 	2	2	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	commentsActually probably the best plastic surgeon in the state if not the country. Very well qualified and extremely intelligent. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	commentsI would avoid this doctor.  There are better ones in OKC. 	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	commentsShe is an underrated doctor! She has caught things other doctors have missed in my family members. She is low- key and doesn't get agitated when you ask a lot of questions. I find her pleasant and calming when I would go in worried about something. The only reason I don't see her anymore is that she doesn't take my insurance. 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	commentsDr. Adams is an excellent doctor and i would recommend her to everyone. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	.  I found Tammie she is in Pawhuska at the hospital I drove 45 mins to see her !!!Well worth the drive!!!! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
40	-1	commentsI had a very negative experience with him. I do not want to go into the details here out of respect for him, but I will not be going back to see him. Maybe he's OK if you have a cough or a sore throat or something, but I won't be back to find out. 	5	3	2	1	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	comments Paid/Co-pay:$50	5	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	 Parnell Adams isn't a Dr, he's a PA and one of the worst ones around. He co-owns 2 ER clinics called AMC Urgent Care. He can deal with coughs and cuts but if you have a real problem he is an idiot. I had a heart attack and he told me my symptoms were from the sushi I ate and that it was just food poisoning. I liked AMC until his wife Tammie who was also a PA divorced him. I would drive an hour or more to see her before I would let him touch me. I wish I knew where she moved to. :( I could then eat sushi and not be scared to die.  :) 	1	1	1	2	Insurance:Medicare
40	1	commentsParnell is one of the best PA's I have ever seen. If there is an emergency, trauma, or code I would want him to be there. He knows his business and is very good at what he does. Emergency medicine is what he lives for. He is the best! 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	 I feel fortunate to have someone with his level of medical intelligence attending my hometown ED. He has always been very professional & courteous.  I will certainly rest at ease knowing that Parnell is attending the ED if anything emergent ever happens to any of my close friends, family members, or myself!!! 		3	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	-1	commentsWaited on PA over an hour just to hear him verbally abuse patients. Uses comments like &quot;do you expect me to be warm and fuzzy&#63;&quot;, &quot;I don't have a crystal ball to read the future&quot;, &quot;Do you know what emergency means&#63;&quot;, &quot; Maybe you should loose weight and you won't have these problems.&quot; He doesn't have a bedside manner. If it weren't for the great nurses here he wouldn't be able to function. Paid/Co-pay:$876		1	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	commentsHe doesn't know his head from a whole in the wall. He is not friendly, does not take his time to listen to the patient. He acts like he knows it all. Don't go to him for spinal injuries,or heart problems. 		2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	 He is a good Doctor, good sense of humor,hard to find one like that these days,knowledgeable,i would recommend him.  	5	4	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	-1	commentsMisdignosed me and continued to give me medication until my g.i. system shutdown. Refused to referre me out of state until I reported him to my insurance , which you did not have listed community care,. After that he screamed at me and sent me home to die. I was in good health until a stomach virus. That is when Dr. Abshere put me on extreme amounts of medication and unnecessary surgery. He is a Mean resentful man who I wouldn't recommend to my worst enemy. 	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	comments 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	 one of the best MD i have ever met. did take care of my father in the ICU. competent, i can see that he loves to teach his residents.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	commentsone of the best 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	commentsvery informative and caring 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	 She is wonderful.My son had to have emergency surgery and we went to the hospital and she personally called not her nurse and checked on him and makes sure any questions I have are answered.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
65	1	 This is the first time i received care so fast and so good. Dr. Adelson is been highly recommend.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:$40
65	1	 Dr. Adelson is one of the most impressive physicians I've ever met. His bedside manner is excellent, and his knowledge of dermatology is truly outstanding. He clearly went into medicine not to get rich but for the intellectual challenge of finding the best solution to his patients' problems. Highly recommended.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$35
65	-1	 I have been awaiting an appointment with dr. adelson for the last year about skin leisions that began on my breast and has now spread. they finally did a biopsy and again it came back inconclusive. this to me is very unsatisfactory. The nurse practioner i saw was very friendly, but again it was it was dr. adelson i was hoping to see. instead of making me another appointment to find out just what it could be they just gave me an antibiotic that again did not a thing. i wish to the good lord above someone could figure out what the he double hockysticks this crap could be.  	5	2	1	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
65	1	 I have seen several dermatologists in my time, and Dr. Adelson is one of the best.  His staff is nice, friendly and punctual, and he was very attentive, easy to talk to, and he obviously knows what he's doing.  I was in and out very quickly, but he didn't rush me when I had additional questions.   See him! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	1	comments 	5	4	5	4	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	commentsDr. Adair is wonderful doctor. He is always concerned about my mother's well being and always puts her care first. I would recommend him to anyone. Dr. Adair is a family man and genuinely cares about his patients. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
75	-1	comments 	3	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	commentsThis doctor is a compassionate, caring man, whom shares his knowledge of chronic pain, and puts different situations to work, to see if it works correctly for your needs, in my opinion, he is a great doctor! 	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	 Always kind and listens to what I have to say would recommend him to my family.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
89	-1	commentsHe found 3 small cavities &amp; told me that I should get a crown on an old filling bc it would crack. He set my next appt for Jan &amp; said we could do everything (routine cleaning and cavities) at that time. He didn't offer to fill my cavities then or set up an appt w/in the next month (he knew my hlth insurance would be ending w/in a mnth). He did sit &amp; talk with me about the appt &amp; answer all of my questions, but we did it in the &quot;waiting room&quot;. My info was put out there for anyone to hear. You can see into every single &quot;exam room&quot; from the &quot;waiting room&quot;. I decided to get a 2nd opinion about the crown ($500 with my insurance). BSFD opens at 8am. They didn't open the doors until 8:45. Noone was friendly. Upon going to a new dentist, I provided the info from BSFD, but he couldn't tell anything from the fuzzy xrays. He took a new one &amp; said nothing would need to be done about it even remotely soon. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	 He's one of the most compassionate doctors that can be found; very knowlegible in his field.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
92	1	 I would recommend Dr. Adamson to anyone that had CHF. I was given 90 days to live from another cardiologist. I then started going to Dr. Adamson and with his help I am now starting my 10th year of survival.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	 Dr Phillip Adamson is a great doctor, a genuine human being who cares for people first, and is brilliant in his job.  He hires the best.  Love his staff too.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Pacificare
92	1	 Great Doctor . Listens to patient . ask how you feel and listens .  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
92	1	commentsThis doctor goes above and beyond everytime. Even caring enough to do everything within his power to take care of those who are in need the most - the elderly and alone.  He is compassionate and sets no limits.  Outstanding. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	 Best heart doctor I have ever seen. I went through at least two prior to him. He and his staff are above excellent. He is a pioneer in his field and nationally and internationally cited. I honestly belive that he and his team have saved my life. Special KUDOS to Angel and Amy his nurses and Debby in research! You will never find a better team. They ruly care and are extremely active and responsive to your care.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	 LOVE this doctor. Both her and her NP are very knowledgable and always have the answers to ALL my questions. They spend time with you and are never in a rush! I couldnt ask for a better doctor for my son! So glad I found her..  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
97	1	commentsVery concern Dr.thats willing to go above and beyond for your kids and has sick days everyday during the week so u can get your child in and evaluated  without going to the ER. I love Dr Adams,Dorsa PA, and their staff. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	 Very efficient and knowledgeable.  Has a lot of patience and great bedside manner. Beautiful smile.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
99	1	.  very nice, great smile, a pleasant physician 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-CalPaid/Co-pay:$3
