dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
3	-1	.   	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Pacificare
3	-1	commentsShe made choices during my surgery without permission and it was a mistake.  :( 	4	3	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	 She is very knowledgeable, compassionate and really listens.   I'm glad I was referred to her! 	3	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
3	-1	.  She made a major mistake with my surgery 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Pacificare
3	1	commentsI have been seeing Salisbury for 10 years. She is amazing and I can't imagine seeing another doctor. She is worth the wait. 	3	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	 i like dr salisbury, and a good dr. is worth the wait. but if you can't wait see julia st. lawrence her pa. she's great. most yearlys i now have with her, she remembers who you are even when i only see her once a year. and she's so thorough, kind and compassionate. i can tell her anything. so if dr salisbury is busy ( because she's a good dr she often is) see julia st. lawrence. you won't be dissapointed.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	commentsI've been seeing Dr. Salisbury for over five years for various gynecological problems. She is an extremely caring, knowledgable, competent surgeon. She has improved my life both mentally and physically!! 		2	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
3	0	commentsShe asks the same questions every time I've seen her. She is always very late. The last time I was there I waited almost an hour to be seen. When she finally came in she said one of her patients was having a baby that she'd send another person to see me. I did not like having to wait so long and then she did not introduce the N.P. I 		1	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	commentsI think Dr Salisbury is great. She's extremely knowledgeable and doesn't sugar-coat anything. When I was pregnant with my first child, she was very helpful and patient with me. 		4	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	commentsThis doctor is very friendly. Unfortunately, she just wants to get through as many patients as she can as quickly as possible. She would take 5 min. max and then get impatient. She really doesn't care. I was very disappointed with my experience. 		5	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	commentsAll in all an excellent physician - have been long time patient, but have never waited less than 2 hours for an appointment any time of day.  Very knowledgeable, makes sure you understand everything, but quick to order tests that may be 'the newest thing' and informational, but are not medically necessary (do not lead to change in treatment).  Up side is many tests done right in office during your office call - no need to schedule and come back.  Downside to this is there is not enough time to find out if test is covered by insurance or is medically necessary.    Inability to get in if you are ill; have actually been told to go to urgent care instead.  Most doctors will squeeze in an established patient who is ill. 	5	1	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	 Every time I saw Dr. Saddoris he preached to me about my alleged obesity and told me I needed to exercise more even though he was my ALLERGIST. I never asked him for any advise regarding my weight and/or nutrition. Once I called him in an upset state: I was having an allergic reaction and I needed immediate medical assistance. Dr Saddoris was very rude and told me I needed to schedule an appointment (they were booked 1-2 months out!) His lack of sympathy made me cry.  	3	3	1	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	-1	commentsHad to wait 3 hours on several appts (all) as i found out so did others. The doc sits at his computer typing in everything i said but when it came time for some input from him/doctor nothing---quick to run blood tests etc--but as for answering any questions he seemed agitated &amp; this was on more than a couple visits as was the 3 hour waits. On arrival the waiting room would have people awaiting for their appt &amp; some people even brought sack lunchs..This is not right--especially for the wheel chair guy who desperatley needed to use the bathroom(not equiped for wheelchairs) &amp; he had been dropped off by a handicapped trimet bus. (( I now have a Dr. who answers questions ...no long wait &amp; whom answers my questions without Agitation))-- i can understand if a doc has an ER but c'mon Dr. Saddoris was late each and every time. 	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	commentsCARING PROVIDER    Dr Salman while always being professional shows a caring side as well which makes trips to the doctor easier. If being seen for a follow up from previous appointment she will always address other issues even if it means taking some extra time out of her schedule. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	 Great dentist fast to the point and does great work very impressed.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
6	-1	 Simply the worst dentist I have ever met. Unprofessional, rude, rough and cheap. Three of my four fillins fell out on the same day he put the them in.  I had to go back the next day and wait an hour and forty minutes to see him for new fillings.  His work is ugly and every session is painful and pure torture!!!   WILL NEVER GO THERE AGAIN!! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	-1	comments 	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	commentsPoor hygiene. Always late. Seemed a little off. 	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	commentsThis doctor evaluated me carefully and corrected a misdiagnosis that I had been given in the past. He was very concerned about balancing use of medication and therapy. I appreciated that he was very interactive and didn't just listen all the time.Very insightful and very direct. 		5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	commentsI find Dr. Sacks very helpful, corteous and feel he is trully concerned about me. He has surprised me mulitple times with his detailed memories of past conversations, and has even gone out of his way to research some of my hobbies, so he could better understand me. THe only reason to &quot;run&quot; from Dr. Sacks is if you are afaid of what you may find out about yourslef and your relationships. 		5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	 He seemed to make a diagnosis before an exam or review of lab data. He spent time chatting with an intern, giving her praise, even a high five, during my appointment. The visit notes contained many errors, including contradictions to his own verbal statements. The next day, I was in pain due to his intense pulling, pushing, and twisting of several muscles and joints. He was trying to prove that either these areas DID have pain, to prove his diagnosis, or they DIDN'T have pain or range of motion limitations, again to prove his misguided diagnosis. He stated that he didn't need to review any of my existing lab work, which contained valuable data that indicated a disease state. The most absurd statement was his dismissal of technology as meddlesome, and that he was a doctor who could look at a patient and decide if they were sick and what they had. At the end, he did recommend some testing, even though I explained to him that these tests were consistently negative.  	4	4	1	1	Insurance:Aetna
16	-1	commentsPleasant enough, but quick to dispose of me with a short exam, no blood tests, very few questions, a narrow view, and next to nothing in the way of relevant advice. He did not listen well and sometimes cut me off. It may well be that my problems were not in his field after all, but he seemed to have preemptively made up his mind that nothing was wrong with me, without taking into account some of my most prominent symptoms. A couple of his remarks were dismissive and REALLY off-base. Of his two quick &quot;diagnoses,&quot; one was flat-out wrong (did not match my symptoms at all, and he did not even examine the relevant area) and the other was not very well supported. Several doctors had suggested I see a rheumatologist, but that turned out to be a mistake, because I didn't get a well-considered evaluation or advice. Be aware that rheumatologists don't want to see &quot;fibromyalgia&quot; patients anymore, now that it's no longer considered a rheumatology condition. 	3	4	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	comments 	3	3	5	4	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	 My late wife complained about abdomenal pain, fatigue, loss of hair and appetite and low blood iron. Doctor ran simple blood tests, gave her prozac and called it could. She did not refer her to anyone else who had a better grasp on things. My wife had a renal transplant, was 25 years post crohns disease. I found my wife's handwritten notes about this only recently. My wife was later diagnosed with Stage 4 NK T-Cell Lymphoma. She died on 10/12/06. An emergency surgury had to be performed because of bleeding from her bladder secondary to her chemo. They found a large tumor in her bowel. That was the primary tumor and caused her Lymphoma. If this &quot;doctor&quot; had bothered to run tests or refer her to a specialist my wife would probably be alive today as the tumor would have been discovered. This so called doctor was more concerned whether Carol had signed a release form to let me contact this doctor.  	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
24	1	commentsDr. Salisbury is compassionate, kind, and empathetic.  She doesn't just poo poo your concerns - she might run a little bit behind but when she's with your child you'll understand why.  She works very hard and it shows in her caring for her patients. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	commentsVery knowledgeable. Has cared for both my daughters. Sought out help and a second opinion from a specialist when my daughter had intestinal problems at a young age. I would recommend her to anyone. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	commentsDr. sage not only act as though he couldnt care less about my health , but also preceded to look in my mouth and remsrk on my teeth, even though I was there for  burning in my leg and my anxiety dissorder. I felt betrayed by the health professionals I trusted in, now my symptoms have worsesend  since I was never diagnosed and now iam going to seek out more professional care. 	1	4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	commentsin way to much of a hurry. only spend two minutes in the exam room. did not seem to have a very good knowledge of medcine. also, he missed the class on how to interact with people. very rude and short--does not even let you finish what you are telling him. 		1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	 This doctor saved my life short and simple.I had not met him prior to me needing a Pacemaker but when I was admitted to hospital, he was there. Aftercare - he was there. Followup - he was there. Unlike as many other doctors I have experienced over 66 years, he cares. FULLY RECOMMEND THIS DOCTOR.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	 Dr Naina is knowledgeable. She is  fast talking &amp; fast moving. Naina is  processing, analyzing and disseminating information at record speed which may really surprise the observer. I'm fine with it. This is what I think has happened to her practice is that it has gotten away from her and she in no longer able to control it, it is controlling her.  Her focus is preventive care. She  suggests supplements, most can be purchased at a vitamin store for less. I spent $150.00 on supplements there.  For this practice to appear normal it needs less patients, no overbooking and more time for the doctor and the staff. Seeing people in a timely manner consistently would increase quality of care. I think another space nearby that sells supplements at a r reasonable rates would be a plus. Hire and keep a  manager that is an efficiency expert.   This would be helpful for Naina to have the calmness she needs,  and to regain control of her practice so can work on the level that is humanely attainable 	5	2	5	5	Insurance:Providence
32	-1	.   	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	-1	commentsShe is always 35-2 hours behind. She is rude and all about money. Her staff complains that they don't have time for patients for phone calls from patients. I have even heard a staff member say they can't work like this and want out. Over is Always too busy so is the dr. She billed my first visit to my insurance company for 500 dollars And I was in the room for about 5 mintues. She has no idea what she is talking about and should stop pracaticing 	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
32	0	commentsShe is horrible, money hungry, and rude!  Always runs late and office staff terrible! 	1	1	2	4	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	.  talks too much , too fast,does not know much medicine,just knows about supplements and pushes them to the extreme, never works in the hospital,has an office based practice to sell vitamins 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	 Dr. Naina really knows her stuff when it comes to thyroid and hormone issues. She is the fifth doctor I've seen and the first to help me. If you can't deal with doctors running late though, this is not the doc for you.  But, for me, after almost four years of no help from others I'll wait all day! 	4	1	4	5	Insurance:Providence
32	0	 Dr. Naina, is very unorganized and in my opinion only interested in taking advantage of insurance companies. She schedules 4 visits to accomplish 1 physical. She will tell you insurance doesn't cover procedures however when you call your insiurance company it is totally covered! Be aware there are scams going on here.  	1	1	1	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	 Dr. Sachdev is very knowedgeable in the field of Functional Medicine. As a registered nurse myself, I believe this IS the future of medicine.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Providence
32	1	 I HAVE BEEN TO MANY OTHER DR.S NONE OF WHOM WERE ABLE TO LOOK AT MY LAB WORK AND ACTUALLY BUILD A PROTOCOL FOR ME.  USUALLY OTHER DR'S LOOK AT MY BLOOD WORK AND SAY WELL IT'S WITHIN RANGE SO IT MUST BE OK.  DR NAINA IS THE ONLY ONE WHO SAID &quot;WELL THIS ACTUALLY ISN'T IN RANGE FOR YOU.  SHE TREATS ME LIKE AN INDIVIDUAL AND HAS SEEMINGLY EXPERT KNOWLEDGE ABOUT HOW MY BODY ABSORBS NUTRITION.  I AM VERY HAPPY TO HAVE FOUND A DR WHO LISTENS.  YES.. I HAD TO WAIT FOR MY APTS.. IT'S WELL WORTH IT TO ME.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Providence
32	-1	 This Doctor has many issues, but the main one is that all she is interested in is money. I am constantly getting calls asking if I will come in for yearly check ups (which are not needed), told I need MULTIPLE supplements, but only hers are recommended. The staff is lethargic and unhappy and Dr. Naina is like a tornado. She talks fast, changes her mind 10 times over, and doesn't connect with her patients. She needs to worry LESS about how many patients she can cram into  her office in a day and focus on patient care.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Providence
32	1	 My experiences, and I have had several of them are always excellent with Dr. Sachdev. She has helped me tremendously.  She is brilliant and personable. She really cares about all of her patients, and about her staff. She is one of the best doctors in functional medicine and hormone balancing with bioidenticals you will ever find. She gets you results and I highly recommend her.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Providence
32	1	 I have had very similiar experiences with this md and her office staff and I agree with the aforementioned comments. However, I have noticed a marked improvement in service, punctuality and overall treatment in the past 9 months. I have also taken the time to get to know the staff and initiate my own appts and follow-ups. I shared my medical problems with the staff and would proactively explain to them that I would be in again the following month for a f/u appt to find out what my blood test results are. Because I involved the staff with my medical situation and grew to become more personal with them, it has been a much more pleasant experience all around.  And Dr. Naina is worth every inconvenience. She has remedied so much for me and I am grateful to have her services so closeby. I suggest that you handle the reigns and take matters into your own hands after you speak with dr. naina and after she decideds on what your health plan is.  	2	2	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
32	1	 The doctor is brilliant but she is always running behind (over an hour or two), over schdules her patients, is abrupt and speaks too quickly.  She also cancels patients almost weekly and it's terrible trying to reschedule.  The office staff is inefficient and slow.  It takes forever to get a prescription refill, leaving a message doesn't do it.  	2	1	3	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	0	 I have not seen Dr. Sachdev since October of 2006.  I vowed never to return because of the total lack of consideration given to her patients.  I was checking in for my 3rd appointment and was informed that the Dr. had cancelled all of her afternoon appointments.  I was not called at home or on my cell to be informed of that.  There were 3 other patients behind me who had not been called either, one of whom had just flown in from Montana for her first visit.  Then came Dr. Sachdev walking down the hall barking out orders to her staff.  She walked right past all of us and didn't even acknowledge us.  Her staff are very unprofessional and they act like they don't like the Dr and whisper behind her back.  There is a sign in log on the front desk and I saw that patients were signing in at 5 minute intervals.  She schedules patient on top of patient and thats why she is ALWAYS late and talks a hundred miles an hour.   And, yes, she does push her supplements!! 	1	1	2	3	Insurance:Aetna
32	1	 I respect and like Dr. Sachdev IMMENSELY. She is extremely knowledgable and very caring. She does answer all my questions. She also has identified the initial cause of my medical problem WHICH NO OTHER DR. HAS! I am feeling much better these days. I think that the other negative comments here in this forum were because of a major change in office staff. A couple had left for personal reasons and new ones were eventually let go because they didn't work out (i.e. rudeness to patients and inefficiency)...  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	-1	 She is brilliant, I suppose. BUT, she is always in a hurry, speaks very rapidly, does not take time to explain anything, and pushes her supplements continuously. She is now specializing in some type of rejuvenation practice, which has put her practice into a all cash program. not interested in really working with you as a holistic patient, rather, as a cash producer. Office is really unorganized, and actual time with her as about 10 seconds.  	1	3	1	2	Insurance:HealthPartners
32	0	 This office and staff need an efficiency expert. The staff are rude to each other in front of patients. The staff often treat patients like an interruption to their daily tasks. A staff member actually told me to walk to Rite Aid to use a pay phone to call me ride on my third visit after I had waited to see the Dr for over an hour, and seen her for 5 min. One cannot get a word in with teh Dr. and her listening skills are a little poor. Since Oct 06, I have left four messages on the answering machine and always had to call back and get a person to have my issue addressed. It took me 5 days to have a prescription filled. Either they need to define their core business strategy or taken on fewer patients. The Dr. needs to be less involved in the organization of the business. If you don't check messages, do not offer an answering service for anything but emergencies. If the Dr. is running more than 15 minutes behind, if the client a courtesy call and offer to reschedule.  		1	2	3	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$490
38	-1	comments 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
38	-1	 I am surprised that my comment on Dr. Sabin was not posted and I am trying to do it again. I was referred to her by Dr. Dudley in 2007 and therefore required to participate in her &quot;therapies&quot; by court. I have never met any expert that could be so unprofessional and incompetent, negligent to my child, biased, and greedy. She is also dishonest and able to lie easily within her testimonies in court! She was rude and put all pressure of her unpleasant personality on me and my child. She was put out of my case in 2008 by the first supplimental judgment, but continued to meet with my child in violation of the court order, since my ex-husband continued to bring my child to her appointments sicretly. I suspect that she even unofficially was advising on my case in his favor to the judge in 2011 regarding the latest modification of parenting time and insuring the favorable for him outcome, confusing the judge who officially rendered her homage not knowing even that she was already pressed out.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
38	-1	commentsMy family was ordered to see her on the recommendation of my husbands attorney. She ignored every other qualified professional opinion. My kids ended up on all kinds of crazy medication. She got my kids put back with their offender and they were reoffended. Their father died from a heroin overdose. I can't even describe the hell she put my family through, but in the end I got my kids back and her kicked off the case. I just had to be more manipulative than she was. She's not that smart. If you get a good lawyer they can tear her apart. It took a while for my kids to get past her abuse but they are doing well now. Oh I forgot to say she was ignoring my child's suicide attempts. She believed he wanted attention. She should be stripped of her liscense. 	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
38	-1	commentsDemonstrated obvious bias towards one parent in a visitation/custody dispute. Ignored reports/recommendations from credentialed, experienced play therapists and other child pyschiatrists. Found her to be unprofessional, abrupt and unthorough. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	 We have been working with Dr. Sabin for over 3 years now. I agree that she is an excellent doctor and a kind person. She puts kids first always.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Providence
38	1	 Dr. Sabin was instrumental in helping our family cope with difficulties. She helps children in ways that sometimes parents don't know how.  	5	4	5	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	 A great physician. Very kind, patient, and ethical. I have not known a more intelligent and honest doctor.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
38	1	 we love Dr. Sabin, she has seen our children since 1993 and always given us excellent advice and service. she's gone even so far as to meet with school officials when our daughter wasn't getting the testing she required.     yes, sometimes i feel she sides with one of us. but i try not to take it personally. she is human and may feel one parents ideas or comment more appropriate than the other. overall she is truely a wonderful clinician.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	-1	commentsAlthough she treats youngsters with psychiatric medicines and psychotherapy it should be known that she is a pedicatrician with either developmental pediatric experience or solo child psychiatric experience. She is not a child psychiatrist. She clearly showed bias towards one parent in particular while treating a child going through the pangs of divorce. She did not call a teacher whom the less favored parent asked her to for confirmation of unacceptable behavior on the favored parent's part. She tolerated multiple absences from one parent. She seemed to lack even an iota of psychotherapeutic theory or principle. She never got the child to sit in the room with her because of her inability to form a therapeutic alliance but blamed the child for having &quot;anxiety issues.&quot; She also is not current on psychiatric medications,  She then joined forces with a divorce lawyer to form a group to make divorces more amicable. I cannot prove that she takes referrals from the lawyer. 	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
38	-1	commentsWe found her completely full of herself and unprofessional.  Very money oriented.  I question her objectivity. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	 Dr. Saleh is kind, compassionate, and most importantly wants to fix things RIGHT.  He goes slow, makes sure you are comfortable, and explains what he is doing.  	4	5	4	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
41	1	 He is an exceptional doctor - very thorough & compassionate.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	commentsHe was very helpful and treated my immigrant father with all he can. Thank you, Thank you 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	commentsexcellent 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
55	-1	 not a good dr. Makes you wait to see her.  Does not give the proper RX either 	2	1	2	2	Insurance:AARPPaid/Co-pay:$500
55	1	commentsDr Sacon was honest and helpful.  She treated my nine year old as a person! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	commentsThis man is a terrible Doctor and a billing fraud. My misadventure began in Aug '08 for a denture procedure. He quoted me $6,600 which I paid before beginning. The dentures did not fit correctly. He ground the back molars so my mouth could close. He said when I came back January of '09 for relining, new molars would be installed. When I returned I discovered his Cedar Hills office closed. he was gone and all the patients files had been taken. I had no recourse other than to have another dentist try and finish the procedure. Another $1,200 out of pocket in an attempt to fix what Salimi had ruined.  The initial casts were incorrect little could be done  aside form starting over once again I could not locate the Dr. for reparations for his sloppy work.    In 2011 I began receiving collection notices of a past due balance for services I never received.  If not for the years of pain, weight loss, and indignity incurred I might have paid the bill simply to get this horrible story behind me. Paid/Co-pay:$6600	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	commentsi saw Dr.Salimi,and i use that term lightly, and he was working out of another dentists office.  he made weird appt times and was often difficult to reach on the phone.  i could only get in touch with his asst on her cell phone.  i feel like i was a guinee pig.  getting 10 teeth pulled all at once i couldn't very well get up and leave.  once it was done i was sent home and they hadnt' given me meds to have ready and nothing stonger on hand than an ibuprofen.  i was in such pain and had to wait for meds on the way home.  when i needed a refil i took it to a Target pharmacy and was told they would not fill it because this doc had no priviledges to write for pain meds.  He got paid by my insurance and after the mess he made of my mouth he had nerve enough to hound me for more money.  i paid him and thank god it is over.  i called the board of dentistry and was told he had sanctions against him.  please call and check before you see anyone.  i am still having trouble with the bone healing. 	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	commentsThis dentist charged my insurance for things that were never done and sent me an $800 bill 6 years later. I would not recommend him. 	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	commentsprofssional and knowlegable. pays attention to details, excellent customer service. Paid/Co-pay:$280	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	commentsDr. Sacks has a really nice office and his staff are very helpful.  I can see that the job of psychologist is a difficult profession.  People often come in with expectations that are unrealistic.  He came across as kind and professional.  I felt he did the job he was asked to do and made me comfortable in a difficult situation. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
75	-1	commentsHe comes off as a bit odd.  Any independent reports he writes tend to favor the expectations of the person paying for it.  He tends to allow transference of his own personal issues onto his patients making his authorship of reports unreliable. 	3	2	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	commentsI thought he was very nice and very open to hear whatever I had to say,  his staff was kind and attentive to my needs.  He was very professional with me and genuinely took the time to understand me. 	5	5	5	3	Insurance:Unknown
75	-1	 This guy shouldn't be getting any tax payer dollars. DO NOT GO TO HIM. You will be sorry....He is not honest and he does not listen. He is only there for the money.  	4	3	1	2	Insurance:Veterans Administration
89	1	commentsThis is a great and caring Cardiologist. High recommended. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	 Most caring doctor I have ever seen. Highly recommended.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Providence
89	1	commentsThis happens to be the best doctor I have ever met.  He saved my mothers life over and over and did not charge her one red cent.  She died while under another facilites care and it was shortly before the negative report was put on this web site, 4 months to the day.  I love this man for what he did for not only for my mother, but her children, grandchildren and everyone else who came into to her life. He truely performs miracles 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
89	-1	 This doctor did not come see for over 2 days while i was hospitalized for a heart attack and he was my cardiologist. After 2 days i asked to see him. So the nurse called him and he got on the phone and screamed at me like a lunatic to the point that the nurse could hear it all the way across the room. How dare he treat a patient like this. I would not let him care for my dog.  Another doctor with a do not bother me cause i am a god complex 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
89	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	commentsDr. Salbador is the best doctor I have seen for my mental illness. He is very caring and takes the time to explain things. He is very knowledgable and is very professional. 	4	2	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	commentsI rate Dr.Sales very high.My son been fortunate to  have Dr. Sales and his team operate on him just hours after a horrible auto accident,that had broke his back badly.Due to his great skills and care,and good choice in assistant,and staff members,my son is healing nicely and walking,which is truly amazing.We are Thankful to him! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	commentsDr. Sales recently performed a long and complicated fusion of my lower spine. This was my fifth surgery and my third fusion since the original injury 25 years ago. Other doctors have shyed away from doing any further treatment of my back - I think due in part to the low probability of any significant improvement. I am very happy to say that thanks to the excellent care, and talented surgery by Dr. Sales, I now feel better than I have in quite a few years, and can move freely and walk without pain. Dr. Sales and his P.A., Sean Brown, were attentive, compassionate and sensitive.  The staff in his office are always patient and responsive. Having seen many doctors over the course of my history in dealing with this, few compare with Dr. Sales and Sean; their professionalism and talent are just about the best that I've known, and, they're both friendly and personable too!  I would recommend them without any reservation! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	 Dr Sales is very helpful. I had a terrible accident and was mismanaged by another surgeon in the Portland area. Dr Sales was able to save my back and my life. His staff is very helpful, and I would not hesitate to recommend him to anyone needing assistance with their back or neck.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
