dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
4	1	 Excellent.  Best physician I have ever had.  He was able to solve a longtime issue that my interest couldn't.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
4	1	 Dr. Bachtold has been our family doctor for over 6 years, both in John Day and Sisters.  His knowledge, bedside manner, and medical skills are top-notch.  My family drives 3 hours to see him, and would not consider using anyone else.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
4	-1	 Dr. Bachtold was very courteous and had good bedside manner.  Unfortunately he tried to take me off my cholesterol medication that cholesterol was &quot;fine.&quot;  I informed him that the only reason I was at goal was due to the medicine (I have an excellent diet and exercise routine and am a younger patient - my low HDL is due to familty history not poor eating or lack of exercise).  He appeared to not be aware of current guidelines and cholesterol management.  Due to a family history of heart disease I am acutely aware of the risks and current NCEP  ATP III guidelines.  If you see him, please seek a second opinion or at least double check his advice on your own before following.  As I said, nice guy, but not a good doctor.  I am in search of a new Primary Care Provider.  	4	3	3	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
14	1	commentsVery thorough,relaxed atmosphere and time for questions. He is a very good listener. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	 I have had Dr. Backus as my primary care doctor for the last several years.  He is easy to talk to, takes his time, and is proactive.  He's probably the best primary  care doctor I've had as an adult.  His office staff is very helpful and personable as well.  He is proactive and very helpful with keeping a lid on prescription costs, although sometimes it seems like he orders a lot of tests.  Overall, I would definitely recommend him, and I have to several of my friends.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:ProvidencePaid/Co-pay:N/A
14	-1	 His arrogance does a good job of concealing what medical skills he has.  	2	2	1	1	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
14	1	 Dr Backus is one of the best doctors I have had.He has managed my health extremely well and I'm thankfull he is my doctor.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
14	-1	commentsDr. Mark Backus is quite simply the worst physician I have ever encountered.  He and his partner, Dr. Absalon, run Cascade Internal Med Specialist in Bend, Or.  In Jan. 08 Dr. Backus substitued for my physician, Dr. Absalon(a reasonably competent physician).  Dr. Backus' poor diagnosis ability, failure to consult with the cardiologist as he said he would, and his misdiagnosis resulted in more than $20,000 of completely unnecessary medical tests (including an angiogram which the attending cardiologist did not want to give but had to because of Dr. Backus' faulty medication decision)and an uneeded hospital stay. I would not recommend him to anyone for any procedure or diagnosis.  Because he is the vacation backup for Dr. Absalon, I would be careful about using Dr. Absalon, though, as I mentioned previously, Dr. Absalon is reasonably competent. 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
22	0	 Terri Baarstad is sloppy, her dental assistants finish important procedures, fillings &amp; crown were too high, ignored repeat requests to fix it until I sent her a formal e-mail. Crown impression had to be redone because of the sloppy first time it was taken where she left the office &amp; had her assistant do it. All fillings were too high &amp; when I told her I had jaw pain,the bite being wrong, please lower the fillings, she ground down my actual teeth!! instead of the fillings!! I insisted she fix the bite, she said I needed to see a specialist. She denigrated &amp; degraded me, saying I'm too concerned w/ my teeth &amp; became abusive &amp; I got up to leave. She followed, shouting, &quot;You got up in mid sentence&#63; You have no interest in what I'm saying!&quot; shouting in my face. I couldn't believe she could behave that way. I said I was never coming back. #15 tooth she filled has to be redone, she left decay, my insurance will only pay for 1 filling/tooth. I will have to pay myself for her messing up.  	4	2	3	3	Insurance:N/APaid/Co-pay:$1500
32	-1	 The second time I saw her I had been trying to get pregnant for a year and hadn't had a period in over 2 months. She didn't do any investigating or ask me any questions when I went to see her, honestly nervous that something was wrong.  All she said was that I need to lose weight and then I'd start ovulating again (no tests to see if I wasn't).  She insisted that I do a program that costs money because otherwise I wouldn't lose weight.  She wouldn't listen to anything I had to say about anything and rolled her eyes a few times.  I even tried to give her background information on my mother who had problems that seemed like what I'm going through and she dismissed everything.  I am very displeased and will never ever go back to her.  	5	3	1	1	Insurance:ProvidencePaid/Co-pay:$35
32	-1	 She is good at exams but did not address some serious pain concerns I have been having. She dismissed my worries by pointing to other patients' experiences, not acknowledging that I am not other patients. She seemed put out that I was wanted to talk for more than five minutes and was exiting as I was still talking. Treated like an insignificant.  	3	3	1	3	Insurance:OHIPPaid/Co-pay:N/A
32	1	 Nov2008 - I saw Dr. Babcock for quite a few years and I liked her.  She’s very straightforward, no b.s., and answers questions well; she’s good at assessing patients’ knowledge levels and using just the right amount of scientific/medical jargon and detail.  She is a petite woman and understands the unique problems that little women face (ex, fainting easily).  She makes the least pleasant parts of the annual exam very quick (be ready though, as she can be a little rough to get it over with!).  The last 2 times I saw her were when her office (Women’s Care) switched to a new high tech patient management system, and I didn’t care for that – once spent over 3 hours in the office, with 20 minutes of contact with an ultrasound tech and then 20 mins with Dr. Babcock – the rest waiting time.  So, I think the new move to a bigger/high tech clinic might be troublesome since I don’t see her being able to have the same personal time with each client in the new setup. Too bad; she is a good doctor.  	4	3	5	5	Insurance:PacificarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
32	1	 As a patient of Dr. Babcock for the past 10 years, I find her to be very personable and helpful.  She is very bright and always takes the time to listen. I'll be her patient until she retires.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
32	-1	commentsDid not protect our rights to proper counsel. 	1	4	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
39	-1	commentsI was disappointed with her office because they were very disorganized and cold. Dr Baker was nice but her nurse was short with me. Next time I am going somewhere else. 		5	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	 Got in to see her with &lt; 2 weeks notice. Very competent, and expedited the diagnosis and removal of some pre-cancerous skin cells. (The other docs I was looking at couldn't see me for 2 1/2 months! Yikes). What a relief! Excellent surgical work, and answered all my many questions. I read up on her online info and find her well educated, and well connected- Dr. Baker maintains her relationships with OHSU and is President-Elect of the American Academy of Dermatology.  		5	4	5	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:N/A
42	-1	 Arrogant.Unable to listen.Spoke in mind-numbing detail about drugs.3 visits...no xrays were taken...and I have RA.  	4	4	2	2	Insurance:HealthFirstPaid/Co-pay:N/A
42	1	 I found Dr. Baker to be very pleasant, easy to talk to and quite knowledgeable. She was very helpful to my numerous problems. Everything was explained to me in detail and I left feeling confident I had found a doctor I could rely on to care for me and my many complications. Her staff was extremely helpful, courteous and pleasant.  I would not hesitate to recommend Dr. Baker to any of my friends or relatives.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
42	-1	 She is arrogant to the point of comedy--it's hard not to laugh because she's so young and so full of herself.  She's very limited in her thinking and DOES NOT LISTEN. Even if she's quiet for a microsecond, she's not listening. Disrespectful of patients.  	4	4	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
52	1	.  excellent doc and staff 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$16000
53	1	 The greatest OBGYN! i live in wyoming and didn;t want to deliver my baby here in a small town with a hospital that didnt offer a lot. So i looked online at ratings for doctors and found dr. bair had the highest ratings. So i decided to meet him. my husband and i were very impressed after meeting him and decided we wanted him to deliver our baby. Its hard to base a good doctor off of rating. but dr. bair is deffinitly one to go to. He was very knowledgable and made me feel very comfortable. and having my first child i was very scared.  but he did great! he helped me deliver my baby in under a half hour after i started pushing! he is amazing! knows what he is doing and you can tell!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:N/A
53	1	 Dr. Bair delivered my youngest two and I have continued with him for my annual visits.  He is concerned about the entire family, not just the patient.  He checks up on every aspect of my health and personal welfare.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
53	1	 He is an awsome doctor. He will never rush you out of the room and will answer all questions you may have. He was respectful of my decision to not use any drugs during and after labor,and did not make me feel bad for my choice.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:ProvidencePaid/Co-pay:N/A
53	1	commentsI am loving Dr. Bair. He was highly recommended by everyone I talked to. We just moved here after child no. 1 and I think he is 100 times better than my last. He is usually prompt, being behind maybe 10 minutes, which is much better than my last who almost regularly was behind HOURS. I hope he will deliver all my children. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	 Amazing! He is the BEST! He is understanding, patient, and no question is a stupid one.   I have c-sections, and he is by far the best! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:N/A
53	1	 Dr. bair has delivered every person on my family and extended under the age of 26. He knows everything! He always talks with me about all my concerns and addresses everything. He is now going to delivery the second generation of my family.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
53	1	 THE BEST!!!! How could you find anyone better. I have had 3 kids and thank goodness he has the Dr. Anyone that meets him loves him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
53	1	commentsDr. Bair is absolutely the best doctor a women could ask for!!!!  Freindly, sincere, and no question or concern that you may have is a silly one.  You are never rushed and he almost always sits down and talks to after your visit.  A very well educated doctor that keeps up on all the latest.  His staff is very nice they all make you feel very comfortable.  The other doctors in his practice are also amazing.  I travel from Idaho to see him that I think says a lot right there. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	commentsI have been going to Dr. Bair for over 20 years. He is very patient and really listens. He never makes you feel rushed or that any concern is too trivial. He is always up to date on the latest procedures and treatment. He even saved my life by finding my cancer in its earliest stage. Also, his office staff is friendly and professional. That can make or break the choice in a doctor. 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	 Dr. Bair is wonderful!! He really cares about every single patient and enjoys having a relationship. He has a wealth of experience as well as keeping abreast of new research and information available. He can run a bit behind with appointment time (maybe 10 min.) but I know it is because he likes to sit down and talk with patients as the need arises, and since he has done that with me several times, I don't mind. He likes to see all of his own patients and deliver their babies, but his partners are also very good so I was never worried for either of the pregnancies he delivered with me.  		4	5	5	Insurance:N/APaid/Co-pay:$1000
53	1	commentsLove, love, love Dr. Bair. I've been seeing him for over 17 years and he delivered all 4 of my children. He is so outstanding that I drive all the way from Salem just to be in his good care! 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	 Dr. Bair is awesome! I loved my experiences with him. He delivered 2 of my children. I would recommend him to anyone.  		4	5	5	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:N/A
55	1	 I went to Dr. Bahar for several years and was really sorry to see him leave my area. He found medical problems that several other docters had missed. Also ran test that were used from his office to other offices. In other words I had less test run. After being in a horrible accident and seeing many doctors it was refreshing to find a doctor that cared about me and my overall health.  I really miss him and have a new doctor now.  It's not the same and I have only have good things to say about Dr. Bahar.    John 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
55	-1	 This doctor is only concerned with whether or not you &quot;have money.&quot;  He unnecessarily runs the same tests over and over again without just cause.  Evidently, he makes money off of them.  That's why he wants to know how much money you make on the first visit.  	3	2	1	1	Insurance:AnthemPaid/Co-pay:N/A
66	1	 Great Doctor, very knowledgeable in his field, especially Electrophysiology.He has been my Doctor for 4 1/2 yrs and with him, I have been near symptom free. If you need an ablation done I would give him your full trust. He is amazing.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-CalPaid/Co-pay:N/A
66	1	 Very helpful in solving my Atrial Fibrulation Problem.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:AssurantPaid/Co-pay:N/A
67	-1	 I received wrong diagnosis and not listened to. Missed bicep tear and broken toe.  	3	2	1	2	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
67	1	 He is very good and has good manners and seems to really care your about health .  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
78	-1	 Very hard to understand him.He mumbles and speaks very softly.Does not seem to be up to date on current technology. What I told him during the exams and what he reported are completely different. I had to see him twice and the second time he had a chip on his shoulder about me because I had made a complaint against him.  	4	1	1	1	Insurance:Workers CompPaid/Co-pay:N/A
87	-1	commentsHorrible experience! I went for an office appointment to confirm my pregnancy, and he never gave me a bit of information that was helpful.  When looking at my ultrasound picture he said &quot;I'm not sure what I'm seeing&quot; he never even reviewed my chart for past medical history.  He was very rough and never once said congratulations!  I will never go back to see this man again! 	5	3	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	 It was the most awful experience that I've ever had.  I had never wanted to leave a review for any doctor, excepting this one.  If I knew her reviews were that bad, I would have had changed to another doctor. REALLY be aware!!!  No harm to ask for second opinion, and save you more money (even though you have insurance).  I REALLY felt disrespected and deceived to see this doctor all the way through.  	1	2	1	3	Insurance:ProvidencePaid/Co-pay:N/A
92	-1	 Waited a LONG time in her waiting room and office itself. I told her I wanted to have a full skin cancer screening-- I almost felt like she looked at me like I was nuts!She looked my body over for  1 minute and it did not feel like she was looking very carefully. She declared that I was &quot;fine.&quot;    After, she asked me if I wanted to do anything about the acne on my face, which I've always had spots of. She wanted me on antibiotics and birth control, just like every other doctor... prescription after prescription instead of addressing root causes of the issue. I refused both, and she wrote me a prescription for &quot;an antibiotic cream for acne&quot;. When I went to fill it,$85 w/ insurance. Not her fault probably, but this would be a talking point if I were a doctor. I looked it up and it turns out it's an ointment for rosacea, which I do not have and she never discussed.  My appointment lasted roughly 7 minutes total. Is a friendly demeanor, and 15 minutes of time that much to ask for in a doctor&#63; 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
92	1	commentsI will highly reccomend her as very thorough with me and interested in my condition. She is very knowledgeable about her speciality and has a great personality. Easy to talk to and will draw out any problem areas you may be hesitant to talk about. I think she is great. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	commentsDr. made inacurate claims. Did not offer or support new technology. 	2	4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	commentsVery thorough and knowledgeable. Friendly and warm. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	commentsExam was quick, she overlooked two problem areas. Will not see her again. 		4	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	 I think all of Dr. Baileys staff are 10 and higher.I have been going there for many years. I think the person who was unhappy was a difficult pt&#63;&#63; They all are trained at what they do with very personal touches to make sure the pt gets the best care !! And they are up to date on info and elect medical records.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
93	1	 My husband and I have been going to Dr. Bailey for the past three years. We have been perfectly satisfied. He was the only doctor that would take our insurance in the valley when we moved here. He is a wonderful doctor.  We highly recommend him! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:TricarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
93	-1	 This doctor made a huge mistake with the staff he chose. The receptionist Deby I believe her name was is extremly rude. He however is kind to you but has little need or want for your opinion. Overall with the price of medical these days we need these so called protectors of helth and well being need to start living up to thier paychecks. The staff have also givin medical advice and as in staff I mean the desk secratery to wich she had no clue what she was advising may have cuased severe complications to my helth. Definatly the worst I have ever been treated by any staff in a medical office. When confronting the Dr about this he scolded me instead of the uncarring secratery. I left feeling robed and forsaken. Becuase of the rudness and having to fight to install my opinion I do not recomend this Dr.  	1	2	2	2	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-CalPaid/Co-pay:N/A
93	1	commentsMy wife and I have been going to Dr Bailey for years.  He is great at both treating and preventing problems.  Also very good at keeping us informed of our health information in a way we can understand.  The staff is excellent and LaVon is the best blood drawer in the city. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
95	-1	 this doctor does not care about you just how much money she can make off of you. her staff is even worse. i will never use a tuality healthcare group doctor again.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:N/A
95	1	 I trust her completely with my families health.  She is the sweetest person and is so understanding and caring about any concerns you may have.  We love her and are so lucky to have found her.   We highly recommend her to anyone! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:N/A
95	1	 Dr Backman is one of the few doctors who listens, advises, and is not afraid to send you to a specialist. I have been her patient for over 3 years and my entire family is now her patient. In my opinion the practice is all very helpful from the front and billing office to the doctors and nurses. I would definately encourage others to look at this group of physcians if you are looking for a new physcian.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$10
98	1	commentsGreat care and service!!!  She is an amazing healer.  Took my pain away in 2treatments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
100	1	 Dr Bagdade is supremely able and personable. He listened to all my concerns and gave very valuable information and advice. Thank you Dr.  Bagdade! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
100	1	comments 	5	4	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
