dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	commentsI had a great experience with Dr. Gabel.  He was very friendly, helpful, and professional.  Karen and Ruby are the best! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	 Dr. Gade is the most punctual, efficient doctor I have ever been to.  He addressed all concerns and he and the staff were very friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
12	1	 Very friendly, helpful and skillful.  Removed skin cancer from my nose with very minimal scarring.  Is interested in anything that concerns me, and answers questions very clearly.  Never makes me feel rushed.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
17	1	 Dr Gardner is the greatest. Explains everything, gives each patient plenty of time. Might wait a while in the waiting room, but once you see him you have his undivided attention until he is sure you are cared for. He is a very good doctor.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
17	1	 Works with the patient on their treatment plan. Does not talk down to you, but treats you as a real living-breathing-feeling person.  Cares and listens. Confirms you know what is going on with your care and if you have any questions.  They are honest about the possiblility of time delays; people are more important than holding to a strict schedule.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:N/APaid/Co-pay:$15
17	1	 Dr.Gardener is a very nice, knowledgeable and easy to talk to. He always explain very well the problem I'm having with a list of choice for treatment, he explain the pro and con for each choice. His office (North Plain, Oregon) is very-very understaff, waiting time for my last 3 times visit is from 1 hr to 2.5 hr waiting, including in the loby and in the room.  	1	1	4	5	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$20
17	1	 Great Doctor. He spends considerable time with patients, is knowledgeable and up to date on the latest medical research. He also provides options and explains the pros and cons of each guiding the patient to decide what treatment may work best for them. Yes, you may need to cool your heals for a while and wait but somethings are worth waiting for.  		3	5	5	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:$20
17	1	commentsDr. Gardener is a very nice man. He will spend time to explain what is going on. His office is extremely understaffed though. I have waited over an hour in his waiting area on more than one occasion only to go back to the room and wait another hour. Return calls are slow to non-existent from the advice nurse. I have had the wrong strength of a perscription called in twice although I have been very specific in asking for the lower dose. This time when I called to be sure, the nurse told me she didn't know which one had been called in and didn't offer to double check. They seem to be in over their heads. I have had the same pain meds prescribed at almost every visit and have felt like the issues are barely dealt with. Frustrating. 		1	3	5	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	 Dr. Galey is great - very responsive, interactive, knowledgeable.  Her staff are fine, nothing impressive.  A little on the sloppy side appearance-wise, but seemed competent.  	3	5	5	5	Insurance:ProvidencePaid/Co-pay:N/A
30	1	 Tina has been our provider for 3 yrs now Only after move to Astoria in Nov2008 did things go bad  She used to have the highest quality professional staff around.  Now her staff is beyond incompetent. Unfortunately she ended up in very poor situation when our clinic closed. My child ended up in Critical asthma attack because her assist failed to Ever call in his medication for pre-auth.  The insurance company was Never contacted by them & went ahead & approved meds for RX because he'd been out for 2 weeks!  Whenever we try to get an appt, we are told to use Urgent Care because there are no appts until next month.  When our 2 month old was seen their scale was broken. (weighed 2 lbs more 2 weeks prior @ Urgent Care & had visibily grown since)  The nurse refused to listen-very condescending, & very unkempt(personal appearance) Tina was not surprised when we told her about the scale  Tina is still great provider, but you can sure tell the diff. since the move.  Staff ignore people ALOT 	1	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
30	-1	 horrible! feeds medications without the correct diagnosis. felt very rushed out of the appointment, &quot;just take this and it will be better&quot;-well diagnosis was wrong. absolute nightmare!! took antibiotics for NOTHING!!! no knowledge, or ability to break bad news to people or just in general communicate professionally.  	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
31	1	 Dr. Ganter is a very good, knowledgeable doctor. I switched to his service some years ago after being diagnosed with type II diabetes. He was recommended to me by a very good friend who also has diabetes. He has consistently been helpful in treating this disease. He seems to get very involved with his patients' progress.  	5	2	4	4	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:N/A
31	-1	commentsDr. Ganter told me on my 1st visit that most LIPA drs. don't want to deal with chronic pain patients because they don't get enough for it.  He also lied to the insurance co. on several occasions, to make it look like I was just a drug seeker and he went so far as to say I called and cussed him out, when nothing even close to that ever occurred. I have a disease called Reflex Sympathetic Dystrophy which hasn't been widely heard of, but it is easily researched online. The pain of this condition has been proven to be far worse than that of any cancer or even giving  birth naturally.  I live with this, barely 24/7 and dr. ganter wanted nothing to do with it.  He could easily have read up on the condition and found out how to treat it, but instead he chose to persecute me and defile my name,  All I have to say is;  I believe in Karma!!!!!!!... 	2	1	2	1	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	.  Worst doctor Ive ever seen, save yourself and go elsewhere! 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
32	-1	 Very dissapointed with Dr. Garcia, have never been treated so unkindly and without respect in my life, and this after seeing him for 8 years.  Made me realize how important it is to have a good Dr. that really cares and listens.  That would not be Dr. Gregory Garcia.  	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
32	1	 Extremely helpful in bringing an 89 year old woman back to good health after she had been poorly treated by another MD.  He listens, thinks, and treats well.  	4	4	5	4	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
32	-1	 Doctor Garcia showed absolutely no interest in treating me,I was there as follow up after spending 2 weeks in a hospital,and had to have a cat scan.Dc. Garcia,was clueless as to my visit,I went with a friend that I introduced to him as a FRIEND and he kept referring to her as my mother,he also without even touching a hair on my head,said that he didnt understand why I was bothering because I looked fine,apparently Dc. Garcia has x-ray vision!he kept me waiting for a very long time,and never even apologized,he seemed bored,and thinking about lunch time.He also displayed overt signs that he was homophobic,and dismissed me without as much as a have a good day.Please stay away from this man!!!And by the way  shame on Providence for hiring such an inept so called doctor.Useless to say I will not have anything to do with the Providence system anymore,if you are looking for good health care in Portland head to OHSU.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
36	1	commentsDr. Garcia was not only knowledgeable, but patient and kind.  Her expertise allowed me to heal quickly (I had a partial hysterectomy, and was running within 2 weeks of the surgery). I appreciate the time she spent with me, and the general spirit of the office. Dr. Garcia's support staff were delightful and helpful. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	 Anybody looking a gynecologist. I strongly recommend Dr. Garcia, she is very educated, caring and welcoming. As well as her staff they are awesome. She helped me any way she possibly could. Thank You guys for everything, keep up the GOOD WORK!!! And Thank You Dr. Garcia for making me pain free:) and back to normal life.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
36	1	commentsI went to Dr. Garcia after 2 years of seeking help from my regular doctors (including GYN) who had been unable to stop my excessive bleeding &amp; cramps. I went to Dr. Garcia who immediately came up with treatment plan and diagnosis. She gave me several options to choose from citing the positives &amp; negatives of each. She explains very well and even draws pictures to help with understanding. I chose to have surgery and could not be happier. She must be a very gentle surgeon (I was asleep) as I never felt too badly after surgery, went home the same day and was helping my husband cook the next day. I can't say enough good things about her skill and caring attitude! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	commentsDr. Garcia is a wonderful physician/surgeon!  I highly recommend her, she is amazing! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	commentsDr. Garcia is one of the best physicians in Albuquerque. I'm from the east coast and have become quite skeptical of doctors here. Her staff is great and the surgery she performed saved my life. I have started to take more responsibility for my health, including losing weight.... 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	 Dr. Garcia was friendly and helpful, and did a great job with a laparoscopic myomectomy. She took the time to explain all of my options and the ramifications, and did a great job on the surgery as well. Hardly any scarring and I was back on my feet that night. I hope never to need her services again, but if I did, she's the doctor I would choose.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
36	1	 Very thorough and willing to spend the necessary time to address concerns. Great technical skills. I was able to do out patient for fibroid surgery and driving and walking comfortably in 3 days.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:N/APaid/Co-pay:$1800
36	1	commentsDr. Amy Garcia gave precise information with easy to understand details, prior to my surgery and after. The surgery went extremely well, I felt that I was in very capable hands. Recovery was very fast, and as described. I have and will recommend Dr. Garcia to my family and friends. Her staff is professional and the office visits were prompt and with plenty of time for Dr. Garcia to spend time with me. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	commentsDr Garcia did not fix the problem even though she could have. She chose not to. Her bedside manner is not there. I am sure with time she will develope a better relationship with her patients. If you are over weight I do not suggest going to her. I got told I was over weight several times in one visit. AS if I did not know that already. Sad. 	4	4	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	commentsDr. Garcia does not have a good bedside manner.  She also does not seem as knowledgeable in her field as other doctors in the community. As she matures she will improve. 	5	5	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	 Great physician.  I have gone to 3 other doctors for the same problem. She was the only doctor who took her time to sit down and explain all of my options. I would recommend her to anyone without hesitation.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$20
42	1	 I have been going to Dr. Gailis for 30 years. He takes the time to listen to you, answer any questions you may have, and genuinely cares for his patients. I have received a few calls in the evenings to check to see how I was doing. I trust him totally.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
42	1	 Have been seeing Dr.  Gailis for many years, he TALKS to you !! 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
42	1	 Best doctor ever in our 72 years! He truly cares about his patients and calls you in the evening after illnesses to check on you.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
42	1	commentsWilling to listen, doesn't rush you through.  Not at all heistant to call in specialist or second opinion if necessary. 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	 Dr. Gabriele is an awesome doctor. I have a rare neuromucular illness and she did not know much about it. The next office visit I had with her, she had definietly done her homework and was educated on my illness. She is always so kind and polite. I feel like I can talk to her about anything. I would gladly recommend her to everyone I know that may be looking for a doctor in the Eugene/Springfield area.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-CalPaid/Co-pay:N/A
48	-1	 I had to tell her what she was doing for blood tests. Totally did not listen to anything. My daughter was with me. The people at Peace Health were a total nightmare all the way down to the reception desk. Couldn't even figure out their own forms. I have a degree in Medical Transcription and knew easily more than they did.  	1	5	1	1	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
48	1	 I really like this Dr. Gabriele She follows through with blood tests and if anything is found with results she lets you know and does follow up.  Very Thorough.  	5	5	5	4	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
48	-1	 Said past med history was irrelevant, and refused to refer too it. Threatened to withhold med's for Crohn's, a chronic and debilitating disease, as a punishment/ &quot;motivation&quot; for my failure to follow up with a Dr. referral.  At each and every appointment she would treat me by referring me to another Dr. for even basic care or medication refills.  Condescending and apathetic.  	4	3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
48	1	 Very fine doctor....does not rush you...asks questions about previous illness or problems...always helpful...softspoken...nurse assistant also friendly and helpful...caring...  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
55	1	 Dr. Garcia ranks among the finest doctors I have encountered. I have lived in major cities through the states  and have been lucky to obtain care from the great doctors.  Dr Garcia ranks among the best of them. Her knowledge of medicine is precise and complete. She is empathetic and takes time to really collaborate with her patients. She is a gifted doctor and person. Her compassion and ability to articulate medical procedures are crystal clear.  I have complete faith in her advice and judgement. After an exhaustive search of  the  major medical complexes in Portland,  I count myself among the lucky ones who have found Dr. Garcia as a physician.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
55	1	 I have been looking for a great doctor that treats you like a real person, not just a number.  She listens and gives you personal attention.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:HumanaPaid/Co-pay:N/A
55	1	commentsDr. Garcia takes time to listen. She is pleasant and professional. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	 Rosa is GREAT! I love how personable she is. I felt very comfortable. As a new patient she asked about who I was (outside of a medical office) and what I did before just getting down to business. She also seemed very knowledgeable and is just a great doctor.  SO GLAD I found her!!! 	3	2	5	5	Insurance:N/APaid/Co-pay:$30
56	1	 I have moved several times in my life and have been the patient of several different dentists.  Dr. Galloway is by far the best and most knowlegeable of the group.  Her diagnosis is spot on and treatment plans are perfect for my needs.  I would highly recommend Dr. Galloway.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:N/APaid/Co-pay:$2500
63	1	 Excellent love my doctor, she is always on target with her diagnoses.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:N/A
63	1	 She is extremely compassionate and competent, which is the perfect combination in a pcp.  When she came to a problem that she was not as familiar with, instead of brushing me off or not taking me seriously, she referred me to a specialist - the perfect response.  I don't expect my pcp to be as knowledgeable on every subject as a specialist would be, but I do hope that they will always own up to it and refer me to someone who is.  That is exactly what Dr. Gamelin did.  	4	3	5	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
63	1	 Dr Gamelin is the best doctor at Corvallis Family medicine. If you can't get her, go elsewhere since the other doctors aren't helpful. She is knowledgeable and friendly. She was able to quickly arrow down my nerve problems to possible MS and get me to a specialist. She is somewhat conservative with birth control, she has a no IUD unless you are married policy, but she is great otherwise.  	3	4	4	5	Insurance:ProvidencePaid/Co-pay:N/A
63	-1	.  Very incompetent doctor should not be legally practicing medicine in the United States! BEWARE!!!DO NOT PUT YOUR HEALTH CARE IN THIS DOCTOR'S HANDS! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:PacificarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
64	1	 I can highly recommend Dr Galen as I have been seeing him for many years now due to Hep C and PBC; this is based not only upon my dealings with him but compared also with my experience with other doctors and with the Mayo Clinic in Phoenix, AZ.  He is highly knowledgeable, stays up to date, and is conservative in treatment; first do no harm is his ethic. He clearly explains things and does not treat simply for the sake of treating. He understands that the decision to treat is often a choice of the lessor of two evils and does an excellent job of helping me understand my options and possible outcomes.  He has been very supportive.  His office is not filled with ads from drug companies.  Sometimes he does run late, but it is because he is willing to spend time with his patients as needed.  On the negative side, he can seem cool or even cold but I believe it is the nature of his profession and required at times; he always has shown genuine concern for my, and my families, well-being.  	5	4	4	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
69	1	commentsVERY KNOWLEDGEABLE, GOOD COMMUNICATION, SPENT EXTRA TIME WITH ME, MADE ME FEEL RESPECTED 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	commentsDr. Gandler is wonderful, the best I have seen. He is extremely knowledgeable. He has a quirky sense of humor, is very caring and is very detailed each and EVERY visit. He is not the fifteen-minute-you-are-done type of doctor. He goes above and beyond. His office staff are wonderful, helpful and friendly. If I have ever waited, it has been only a few minutes, and it is worth it. I figure next time I may need a little extra time. If you have been frustrated going to doctors who do not understand fibramyalgia, then this is the doctor to see. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	 Dr Gandler is the best .  Pays attention to all details and gives 100% always.  He asks a lot of questions so be prepared to answer a lot of them. He is very serious about his work and about your health.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
69	1	 Dr. Gandler has treated my lupus for the last four years. He is very concerned about me as a patient and is very cautious, yet vigilant, in the treatment of my disease. I highly recommend him as a rheumatologist.  		3	5	5	Insurance:HealthPartnersPaid/Co-pay:$20
69	1	commentsI saw Dr. Gandler for a specialist diagnosis on CFS. He is very knowlegeable, and helped me to document my symptoms for my disability case. He has a very unique style of gathering information, and you have to do it his way if you want his help. I found it exhausting, but he did make it possible for me to lie down and even close my eyes during the process, shift positions, and drink water. He is kind and caring but rigorous and demanding. I would go to him again. I trust his knowlege and diagnostic skills. 		3	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
72	0	 No compassion and rude.  Her surgical skills are questionable.  We are having to seek another doctor for help. Would not recommend.  	3	3	3	2	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
72	0	 She did the wrong surgery and I had to have it fixed in Portland. People are wowed by her good looks but she has no compassion, it's true. I was never told that I would have to be discharged the day after surgery and didn't even have a ride prepared 1 hour away. Crazy. Further her poor skills created for me serious problems after seeing her. I'm not upset, I have let that go, I just want people to know that I believe someone more skilled would be better.  	3	3	2	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
72	0	commentsGood surgeun but lack of communication and compassion made experience traumatic. 	4	1	1	4	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	 don&quot;t remember the cost. also had ins. Explained the problem and said what could be done if it came back. No guess work, straight forward.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
77	-1	comments 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
78	0	 Initially called office to set up appt after another specialist referred.  &quot;Children's Cancer&quot; was the receptionist's reply. I wasn't expecting that and I almost fainted while on the phone, but worked past that to set things up. This area of practice is very complicated. After multiple tests, she was unable to pinpoint cause of symptoms. But she continued to be very interested in my son's case.  	2	5	3	3	Insurance:AnthemPaid/Co-pay:N/A
78	-1	commentsa nightmare experience never ever take your children to her. 	2	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	 HELPFUL AND WILING TO REFER PATIENTS TO SPECIALISTS AS NEEDED.   HE ALSO PUSHES INSURANCE COMPANIES WHEN THEY RESIT DIAGNOSTIC PROCEDURES 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$15
81	1	 Great doctor.  Has been my doc for nearly 20 years.   I will hate it when he retires! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
81	1	commentsIn my experience, Dr. G is an excellent doctor.  He treats his patients like we have brains and use them; can always get in the day I call if I feel it is important; Dr. G is honest and straightforward and delivers bad news directly yet compassionately.  I have also had wonderful experiences with the PAs I have seen in Dr. G's office.  My only complaint is that since the office moved (last month), there's no parking. 	3	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
81	-1	 The physicians assistant I saw gave me a terrifying complete misdiagnosis when all I needed was refills on prescriptions, and there were no doctors in the office at all that day for the second opinion she wanted.  I then came back another day to get the opinion of a doctor, who said there was absolutely nothing wrong with me.  They then charged me an exorbitant amount for both visits.  	1	3	1	1	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
81	-1	 When one of the PA's left, I wasn't told, I got a letter that discharged me as a patient, the explanation....A CLEAN URINE DRUG TEST!!!  Yes, I was discharged as a patient for having NOT taken drugs.  	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
82	1	 Dr. Gallen has helped me make major progress toward reversing my osteoporosis when no one else could. I would be in a wheel chair by now without his knowledge of current medicine. It is also very convient to go to one doctor for both the bones and the thyroid. Please consider Dr. Gallen as your specialist.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
82	1	commentsDr. Gallen is one of the few doctors I've seen who really explained to me what was happening and told me what my options are. He treated me as an intelligent person and empowered me to make my own decisions about my problem. He was compassionate and understanding during a very difficult time for me. 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	 Have been going to her for over 5 yrs.  She has literally saved my life.  She has always taken the time to listen, respond, and care as to my needs and wishes.  She has a wonderful bedside manner, wonderful nurse and staff.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:OHIPPaid/Co-pay:N/A
83	0	 poor beside manner, felt rushed, didn't feel like my questions and concerns were taken seriously. would not recomment...  	5	3	2	3	Insurance:OHIPPaid/Co-pay:N/A
83	-1	commentspoor bedside manner, abrupt with patients and stern. 	4	3	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	.  seemed very helpfull 	5	1	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
84	1	commentsI will be forever grateful to Dr. Gambee for his excellent help with our teen daughter who had severe mono that the medical doctors said would just have to play out for a months long recovery.  His IV treatment, common in Europe and other countries, relieved her symptoms completely and quickly.  Then I took my fibromyalgia symptoms to him.  His treatment of under active thyroid symptoms greatly alleviated the FMS.  I later learned that my veterinarian routinely tests dogs for under active thyroid and to determine if the dog either fails to utilize or makes antibodies to the thyroid that is produced.  That is how a person (or dog) can test normal, but still manifest symptoms of dis-ease.  An inexpensive allergy formulation gave me astonishing relief without any  over the counter meds. I have referred many of my clients to Dr. Gambee with good results.  I trusted him with our medical care.  I had confidence in his knowledge, professionalism and care.  He calls for follow ups.  Wow. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	commentsDr. Gambee was the first complementary/alternative doctor I'd seen.  I didn't know to expect but was impressed by getting a test that identified major food allergies and another visibly highlighted blood problems. His staff was very helpful and friendly. Dr. Gambee's educational classes and insightful newletters are really the best I've seen from any physician--engaging, well-put, comprehensive, and exhibiting advanced integrative understanding and applied knowledge beyond that of any medical practitioner I'd seen before.  A cut above, I'd say...there's no reason in the world this man shouldn't be allowed to practice medicine in a profession that is unfortunately suffering from poor outcomes, disjointed and non-effective care, and simplistic overuse of drugs to the exclusion of healthier, more appropriate dietary, nutritional, and cutting edge complementary/alternative therapies. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	commentsVery knowledgeable, I would pay to talk to him all day, and I know I would only scratch the surface of his knowledge. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	 Doctor Gambee is the best Medical Doctor I have had.  He diagnosed me when no other doctor could.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
84	1	commentsI was having digestion problems that other doctors could not solve. Dr. Gambee treated me and I am completely well. My daughter suffered from asthma all her life and Dr. Gambee's treatments have completely healed her. She jogs 5 miles a day now! I have recommended Dr. Gambee to many people. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	commentsWhat a godsend this doctor is!  He treated my husband who had 4th stage cnacer and now I see him for thyroid and general health issues.  A thorough, complete, compassionate, and TIMELY, doctor with an abudance of knowledge in the alternative therapy area.  The people in his waiting room and treatment area all rave about him and now we do too! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	commentsvery helpful and polite. he was knowledgeable and helped me to understand everything 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	commentsDr. Gambee diagnosed me with the inability to digest gluten when no other doctor was able to. In doing so, I believe he saved my life. I highly recommend him. Since seeing him, I am healthier, more than 30 pounds lighter, and optimistic about my future. Thank you, Dr. Gambee! 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	commentsVery thorough first visit - he and his staff gave many helpful explanations and suggestions. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	 Usual routine visit.  Doesn't remember a problem from one visit to the next let alone address the signs or symptoms, or medicate for asthma attacks as an example.  Prescribed Rx without asking patient if it had been taken before, yes with significant problems.  Prescribed a medication contradicted with current long term medication. Generally, seems to be preoccupied with other than patient welfare.  	2	2	2	1	Insurance:N/APaid/Co-pay:$250
92	1	 Through.  Unable to give speciality physician recommendation.  	5	3	3	4	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
96	0	commentsMy first visit was a wait time of 45 minutes. The doctor appologized and then percesed to hurry through my appointment which resulted in him not listening well and rushing my answers. I always give a person a second chance knowing that everyone could have a bad day. My second appointment was a 30 minute wait and I still felt rushed. I usually prefer a doctor who gets to the point and doesn't ramble or drag on, but this doctor was the other extreme. I then called the staff to get infomation on my paperwork and they told me the doctor hasn't recieved it, only later to find out that he had and submitted it. This put me in a bind so I tried calling the doctor to talk to him about it and was instructed that I would have to make an appointment to speak with him. My next, unwanted, appointment I had to wait another 30 minutes for - unbelievable! 	1	1	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
96	-1	 Dr. Moses is a great doctor if NOTHING is wrong with you. He is a mediocre doctor with a poor to fair staff. I have had problems with timely prescription approvals, poor choices of diagnostic tests, money spent out of my pocket needlessly, etc... If you dare to complain, you will be dropped like a rock from the Northwest Primary Care Group, and asked to find aother doctor.  Stay away from this guy!!!! 	2	2	2	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
