dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	One of the BEST DOCTORS i have EVER SEEN!!! My Baby Boy LOVES HIM!!! He plays with him while doing the exam, so he wont cry(my baby is just 6 months old).   Would highly recomend this Doctor to everyone!!! THE BEST! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Molina
1	1	. Great Doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Dr. Tremaine and his group of Doctors are the best in the area.  I never feel rushed, quality time spent on me, treats you as a person not a symptom. I can't say enough GOOD things.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Providence
3	1	The clinic is efficiently run by a   courteous staff.  Dr Trujillo listens, asks questions. His knowledge level appears to be very high.  The pain relief has allowed me to function, which in turn has allowed me to keep my job.  This is therefore a  hugely successful pain management practice, in my view.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	A wonderfully skilled doctor and genuinely nice. He does epidurals for the Spine Program at Providence Hospital, which have given me the only relief I have had from severe back pain. I also highly recommend the Spine Clinic at (541) 732-7746 .  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
4	1	 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	0	Dr. Thompson had the worst bedside manner of any ER doctor I have ever seen. I was in immense pain because an impacted wisdom tooth was pushing on the nerves of another tooth. He felt the need to tell me about other patients worse off for me and &quot;grandpas having strokes&quot; but since I was making &quot;so much noise&quot; he figured he would see me. I told him I had taken Vicodin but it didn't work and he said I was supposed to take 2 with 3 ibuprofren and acted as if I was dumb for not knowing that. he said he would give me those and a shot of novocaine but that was &quot;the best he could do&quot; like I was pill-seeking or something. I just wanted the pain to stop, and he treated me like I was a burden. 	3	1	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Dr. Thayer is very knowledgeable, he has a nice manner and shows his patients genuine concern for their issues.  He is a GP and thus his knowledge is well rounded but not specifically in one area.  He tries to see his patients on time or with very little waiting.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
7	-1	Good thing this dentist has competent staff... he was loud, bumbled about, and did not even have the courtesy to introduce himself or talk face-to-face with a new patient (always stood behind or to the side). Not very welcoming. Office layout very noisy - all hard surfaces, little separation between patient spaces. After hearing loud (and rather rude) political rantings with a previous patient, I made a simple and polite request to not discuss politics during my appointment. Dentist seemed to take it personally and stomped off. Very unprofessional display of behavior;  after he returned, Doc Thompson seemed very distracted during the limited and awkward examination - the very competent hygienist had to guide him through the exam, prompting him about different areas of the teeth. Would never recommend this dentist to anyone.  	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
8	1	Very good on call information, called back to give more info to patient 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	Had him as on-call doctor for delivery. Notified 15 mintues before delivery that I was very close to delivering. Didn't show up until about 20 minutes AFTER delivery (he was at home, I was told he was sleeping). My husband delivered our premature baby without doctor or nurse to help. BUT, this doctor insited that I owed him $1472 for NOT delivering our baby. Dishonest and inept, in my opinion. Thank God our baby didn't deliver onto the floor or I didn't bleed to death! Would never go to that old man for OB care again. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Can't get appts. for weeks out,even when you're really concerned about something, and always wait an hour or more to see the doctor. Staff is nice, office is lovely.  	4	2	3	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
8	0	Although he seems to be a nice man, he seems to lean towards more radical surgery rather than being conservative.  Does not seem to like to be questioned as to why he feels one method of treatment is better than another and gets frustrated. I also had to wait 45 in a room waiting before ever getting to see him for my initial consult.  Nice man, but way to radical, and not very punctual. 	5	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Dr. Todd is excellent in almost every area. She had always been able to get my child in on extremely short notice. Her staff is small and very friendly. She is very knowledgable and I have never felt rushed. My one caution is that she is very pro-vaccination and I have felt harrassed on this issue. I know her motives are pure, I just disagree and this is a big issue for me. I would recommend her 100% though if this is not an issue for you. Wonderful Doctor and office! 		5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	My mother has a growth on her thyroid. The doctor has been out ill and she has been promised appt. with him and not seen. It took nearly 4 months to get a biopsy done because a person in the office told her no one else in town can do them. It took and out of town doctor to tell her the hospital can do it. She needs surgery and Dr. Todd is not able to do it, so they want to have a gynecologist do it! Very uncaring staff. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	All appeared OK and upfront at the time of the consultation.Although I was a bit leary of the fact they over emphasized that it is the patient responsibility topay for services and that insurance has nothing to do with them, it is a contract between insurnace and client.They sent me bill for the consulatation, $96 and it stated insurance submitted.I waited to see the claim with my insurance, it did not show up until after I sent in the payment 1 1/2 months later. (I had to pay the bill since they would not have seen my son on his appt day) A few days later insurance showed the claim and they were Tenhulzen was paid $76 from insurance, the agreed upon amount.Now Tenhulzen has been paid twice for the consultation, That is an extra $96 they can have in their bank collecting interest.10 patients per month, $960 in their bank. 100 patients per month $9,600.Today was the appointment and they insisted my wife pay our share of the bill before they would see my son.They were rude.  dont go there 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
11	-1	Not a very nice guy with horrible staff. I was really scared to get my wisdom teeth out and they didnt calm my fears at all. they told me to grow up and then strapped my arms down. 	1	5	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
12	0	I would be extremely cautious because I got a scar from this doctor and have personally decided to never go back to this office.  I feel like she did not need to cut out that much skin during the biopsy.  I wish I would have gotten a second opinion first.  Now I am spending a lot of money at another Dermatologist's office to try and fix the scar I got from this doctor.      	5	5	4	2 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	I really like this dentist.  He has an excellent bed side manner.  I highly recommend him for all of your dental needs. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Tester and his staff have treated my father for many years. They are very good to their patients and treat them wonderfully.  If there is a problem it can be handled that day!!! GREAT MAN - GREAT STAFF 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
15	1	Very thorough.  Takes the time needed to treat and answer questions.  He shares a clinic with two other doctors, one of whom I've been seen by, also very good.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Providence
16	1	Great Dr... Have had him for 10 years. He treats me (64) my parents 86 and 89 and my son 41 and his wife 45.  He takes time to listen and goes out of his way to make you healthy and keep you that way.   A real gem! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
17	1	My son has a compound fracture, he had wires put into his leg in a foreign country and we went to see Dr. Thompson upon our return.  Not only did he explain what and why they put in the type of wires he also checked his open wound and gave a brief history of whom invented the idea of wires in the leg. He is a very thoughtful and interesting Doctor. When he felt that the open wound needed a second opinion he didn't hesitate to recommend someone else. As for the removal of the wires he said that he would recommend someone when the time comes.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Excellent care. Explains disease process thoroughly, presents options, honest and helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	-1	I do not think that Dr Thompson cares about getting the patient better. I think that because he does not do surgeries anymore that he does not like other orthopedic surgeons to make money. I know that I need surgery, but he is saying that I do not! He just doesn't want to refer me to Kranick because then that doctor will be making money! I think that Thompson needs to retire BAD!!!! The last time that I went to him he said that I didn't need surgery and I ended up getting a second opinion after years of being in pain...  and guess what&#63; It turns out that I did need surgery and because of him I went through years of pain!! What a joke he is!!! 	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:AARP
17	1	Treated patient with less than politeness.  At one point insinuated she was from Arkansas or Kentucky since she smokes.  She is 82.  Rarely orders anything other than naproxin.  Refused to give MRI.. &quot;they always find something&quot;  I am a nurse and it was very poor care 	4	3	3	4 	Insurance:Medicare
17	1	Great doctor and has took care of me well.  just wished he was doing my knee replacement surgery.  Always willing to talk to me when I call in with questions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	late and to rushed all the time.good surgery Dr. tho.he over books...  		2	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	-1	The above doctor has dismissed my complaint when I went to see him with extreme lower back pain. He told me I have &quot;just&quot; old age arthritis. This was after he had seen my x-rays, which show narrowing ot the left side of the T12-L1 and L1-2 disk spaces and the right side of the L4-5 disk space. He said I cannot be helped by anyone a chiropractor or neurologist! I was later diagnosed with nerve problem (by my new primary physician) caused by narrowing of the L4-5 disk and the reason for my excrutiating lower back pain. My new physician has referred me to a neurosurgeon who is seeing me in a few days.  		5	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
18	1	Very knowledgeable.  Made sure to follow up with me and made sure I understood his diagnosis.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
19	0	 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Dr. Thorsett performed 8 surgeries (knees, hip, shoulder) on me. His compassion and concern are outstanding.  He is meticulous and extremely commited to infection control.  He listens to all my concerns and explains things in detail without making me feel foolish for asking.  His follow-up care is outstanding too.  This is a man who was born to be a surgeon.  I am having another surgery in the fall and wouldn't even consider another surgeon.  No matter where in Oregon you live, it would be worth the inconvenience to see Dr. Thorsett–I feel he's the BEST in Oregon.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
20	0	Love Dr Thorsett.  Not happy with his staff or the Silverton Hospital 	2	2	3	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
20	1	I spent tons of time researching ortho doctors and the one name that always came with glowing comments was Dr. Thorsett... Just had my very complicated shoulder surgery and couldn't agree more with all of the folks who sing his praises.  He really is wonderful, well respected, and down-right loved by those who know him. I was in a nasty car accident, spent nearly three years bouncing around Kaiser doctors... I was giving up hope I would ever get the help I needed to return to my life.  It is scary knowing you are going to have surgery - doesn't help everyone says how horrible shoulder surgery is.... Well, my prayers were answered and I can't say enought about Dr. Thorsett or his staff.  The surgery and recovery went far better than I had expected...   Sometimes when you are broken having someone care means so much - but having someone care and be competent enough to help you is grace!!!  He is wonderful!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Providence
20	1	One of the BEST Orthopdic sugeons I have ever seen.  I have had 14 knee sugeries, and hands down Dr. Thorsett is the best.  HIGHLY recommend him if you have orthopedic issues.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
20	1	He is a wonderful surgeon.  His bed side manner and relaxed approach is a pleasure. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	He is the best. I never waited for an appointment, paperwork was accurate, always sent efficiently, insurance billed with no problems and my surgery has been quick to heal with my shoulder working better than ever. I highly recommend Doctor Thorsett to anyone who has shoulder issues.  It's evident that he loves what he does! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	She listens to your concerns, answers all questions, is honest, and rapidly replies to your e-mails.  We appreciate her very much.  I'm not sure what else you could ask for.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
21	1	One year ago, I was diagnosed with a very rare and aggressive cancer.  Dr. Trubowitz played a very large part in saving my life.  Our discussions about my prognosis have not always been easy, but she is always respectful and I value her open, honest, and caring demeanor. I feel blessed to have her as my medical oncologist and look forward to our office visits.  I just can not imagine going through this experience with anyone else at the helm.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
21	0	. She spoke so harshly to me, it made my husband cry 	3	3	1	4 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
22	-1	Tried to prescribe me anti-depressants when it was clear that's not what I was there for. He continued to prescribe anti-depressants anyway after I said I will not have those. Also insulted me. He stated, &quot;After you go through Med School maybe we can talk&quot;. Completely unhelpful, waste of time and money. Seems like he's just out to make money from the Pharmaceutical companies.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Dr Torgerson has been there for every member of my family.  What I like the most about her is that she shares her knowledge with you and informs about every treatment she gives you.  You leave really understanding your symptoms.  She has been able to help us with problems that our general practitioners could not.   She listens and is a fabulous doctor !!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
24	1	Dr. Teasdale is a prince.  A king.  He's the best danged dentist I've ever had (and I've had many).  His skill and compassion rank up there with the best of them, and he can crack a joke without even trying hard.  And other than some questionable tastes in music, he's a good guy. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Love him! My toddler and baby are getting the best care with him, because he leaves nothing to chance. He can do blood tests right in his office and give us a diagnosis as to what type of infection it is, like bacterial or viral, in minutes, rather than sending it off and waiting for days. He is awsome with kids and so are his nurses!! They give quick shots. Most importlantly when my newborn daughter needed surgery he found me the best neurologist in the country (who happens to live in Portland) I know if anything else were to happen to my babies I can trust Dr. Thomas will be an advocate for them, to ensure my children come out of it thriving. He truly cares about the well being of children.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	We love Dr. Thomas!  Although in his new office he seems to have taken less of a hands on role, his nurse practitioners do a great job.  At each appointment we have always seen Dr. Thomas for a short time during the appointment and have had ample opportunity to ask him questions.  We love that he and his new office are open to non-traditional treatments (more natural) and alternative schedules on vaccinations.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	0	He's knowledgeable, but runs his clinic like an assembly line.  In the two appointments my newborn had with him, we were in and out of his office in less than 5 minutes, each time.  I'm not a doctor (that's why we visit one).  I have questions and need explanations.  He seems to be more concerned about getting people in-and-out.  However, the funny thing is, when we interviewed him before our child was born, he gave us all the time in the world.  A case of good marketing and poor delivery, in my opinion. 	2	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	. Great experience,Angela is a gifted healer 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
27	1	very warm with a great bedside manner.  very satisfied with surgery results 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
28	1	Very Good Doctor. Extremely Pleased with care given me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
29	-1	this doctor operated on my daughter about 6 years ago and he actually cut one of her legs shorter than the other by about 1 1/4 inches and then told me after surgery that he thought maybe I should have taken more off of the right fema but thats in hind sight now I guess. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Dr Tran is the first psychiatrist who I've dealt with in over 22 years that didn't just push pills and get me out the door.  He listens to my problems, and provides guidance on how to help myself get better.  If you're not willing to take responsibility on your mental health and work on your issues, you are missing out on one of Dr Tran's strengths.  His support staff is top-rate as well; I even receive txt reminders for my appointments, and I am always greeted with a warm smile. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Dr. Tran is the best psychiatrist I have ever had. I have seen many over the years. I was extremely impressed with many aspects of his practice. The typical shrink I come across spends 20-30 minutes with me &amp; writes me an Rx &amp;  really invests no time in actual talk therapy.  Dr. Tran provides therapy with the Rx. As it should be. He is very intelligent and compassionate. He has an obvious &amp;  genuine interest in helping his patients. You can tell he is passionate about his work.  Refreshing! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	-1	He tried to dig too deeply into my past. I resisted- he is not a therapist and that made me uncomfortable. He prescribed an rx that I told him I'd taken before and had no benefits from. He insisted that the dosage wasn't high enough even though I said I'd tried that &amp; it just increased insomnia. He said that sleeping pills would just x that out. I'm familiar enough with sedatives to know that taking them for an extended period is not a good idea and can actually worsen depressive symptoms. He would not consider an off-label rx despite my history of rx's not working. Finally he had me READ ALOUD some quote about changing your attitude. He asked what I wanted most in my life @ that moment &amp; I said to move because I hate it here. He insisted that it was my really my &quot;hate&quot; that was making me unhappy. When someone is feeling suicidal, telling them they're flawed in their thinking is not a wise 1st step. CBT has its place and its not in his office. Very, very disappointed.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Providence
30	-1	Dr. Tran would not examine or discuss symptoms of possible bi-polar depression because he claimed that the condition did not present itself in older women.  	3	5	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	Unlike other psychiatrists that I have seen in the past who just wants to prescribes medications, Dr. Tran took the time to help challenge my old habits and learn new coping tools.  It takes awhile but I am much better off now.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	Had trouble understanding him at first. I found him very good and to the point. I am still seeing him and will continue.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	-1	Does not speak English very well, could not understand the issue. Very unknowledgable about other cultures and insensitive to customs and cultural issues. Was stuck on one issue which was ruled out from other physicians and had no basis. Second opinion psychiatrist found no evidence of issues.  		2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	-1	After going to this doctor for nearly 4 years, she refused to issue me a refill on a very important and necessary prescription after my purse was stolen.  This is the first time I've ever lost a prescription. I would feel very uneasy going back to a doctor who's fine with letting me go without a prescription for a month knowing full well how much it endangers my health. 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	I've been going to Dr. Takano now for many years.  She's a good listener, and never makes you feel rushed.  She doesn't rush to over-prescribe drugs if you don't need them, which I always appreciate.  She doesn't have &quot;doctor arrogance&quot; which I so often get frustrated by. I feel I am in safe hands with her.  I feel that she respects her patients, and is happy to do what's necessary but will not be excessive, (which works well for me, I don't need excessive).  Also, for what it's worth, ladies: she does a very gentle pap, always a plus.  	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Providence
31	-1	Where do I start&#63; I made multiple visits to see this doctor who never listened to what I said and insisted on treating me for a condition that I did not have because &quot;it might be a factor.&quot; She was condescending and impatient. She told me that if I was fatigued then I needed to get more sleep. Insomnia was part of my problem! She told me that if I wanted my symptoms to get better then I needed to exercise - but I was fatigued! I was a fitness fanatic until overnight I became exhausted and sick. I did take all the tests she suggested and when there were no results she actually said to me &quot;Well, we aren't miracle workers, what do you suggest I do&#63;&quot; I suggest she practice medicine, do some research, or at least try to treat my symptoms. I am so disappointed because I feel like she didn't care at all, and never even tried to help me. She acted as if my symptoms were all in my head. I went to another doctor and thy immediately established a treatment plan.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Providence
31	1	listens well, good sense of humor, carring 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Relaxed is a good way to describe her. However, she needs to ask more questions. She is good at following up on what interests her, namely blood pressure, cholesterol, and blood sugar, the bread and butter of internists. But she was not at all in tune with this patient. Some things were not right with me--I had some odd problems going on when I came to her and she knew it--but she NEVER asked, NEVER reached out, NEVER checked back, not once. However, I know doctors don't have time for that anymore--they can only deal with immediate, clear-cut problems or ones that are on the doctor's own list. Certainly I would recommend her to (for) someone else. She seems quite knowledgeable and was thorough in ordering blood tests. Requests for prescriptions, appointments, records, etc. were always handled efficiently. 	5	5	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Very relaxed, took the time to talk with me.  	4	5	5	4 	Insurance:Pacificare
32	1	Dr. Thistle is wonderful... He even saw me after months when I just walked in the door- with no appointment- with some awful pain in my neck. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	i have been on a regiment of specific medications that took years and a lot of mental instability to find the correct ones and now that i have been on them for years ive been doing well, but then i lost insurance and couldnt pay, so i moved outa state hoping to find a psychiatrist that would pick me up where my old doctor left off, but no. he didnt even read the notes sent over from  my previous doc.  	 9/7/11	5	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
33	1	I like Dr. Thompson as my healthcare provider. He is very easy to talk to and he knows his stuff when it comes to medications. I feel like I'm in a good medical place when being treated for my depression by Dr. Thompson.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	-1	Dr. Jeffery Thompson misdiagnosed me and manipulated me with different medications. It was a horrible, degradeing experience.  Stay as far away from this guy at all costs! 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
33	1	Dr. Thompson and his staff have been very courteous and very helpful to me.  Dr. Thompson listens and provides quality guidance both in medications and in suggesting activities or guidelines to help improve my PTSD, Post-Concussive Disorder, and Depression.  Three years ago I was being treated by a counsellor for depression...and then on top of that someone I knew tried to murder me.  It was after the attack that Dr. Thompson was added to my &quot;Medical Team&quot;. As of May 2008, I no longer see the counsellor (I had been going to her for 5 years), but I'm very glad that I know I can call Dr. Thompson's office any time I have a question or a &quot;problem&quot; and that it will be handled swiftly and professionally. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	I think this doctor is very good.  He listens more than any doctor I've met in the area.  He's very through, kind, and thoughtful.  He can run late but that's because he takes his time with his patients.  If it's a problem, be his first appt.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Very nice,polite, helpful, seemingly sincere until he sends me a registered return mail receipt requested letter via the USPS dismissing me from his practice. After extensive efforts on my part and that of my Psychologist and new Doctor I find that His Young Psychiatrically disturbed medical assistant had falsely accused me of making &quot;punching&quot; motions at her behind her back&#63;! Instead of directly confronting me and asking me what happened He behaves in a cowardly and backstabbing way by sending me this letter instead of asking me who is a most meek, mild-mannered,polite individual that he most certainly has ever had or will have as a patient. 	4	4	4	3 	Insurance:Unknown
34	0	I had this Dr for a while I really liked him. Then he dumped me out of the blue, no explanation even after I asked several times.  I was told by staff including the nurse who checked me into the room each visit, They did not know why. I had just went in with concerns for several things one being my heart.  I was ordered a 48 hr holter heart monitor. Next thing I know I get a letter telling me he's withdrawing as my physician &quot;pow I'm out on my ear.&quot;  He didn't even give me the results of my tests I had to call twice and was told by the nurse not the Dr there were irregularities but nothing to worry about.  I was told there were concern of diabetes, avoid sugar and exercise.  I was scared on both accounts.  Thank you Dr Totoian. 	4	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	I HAVE MS AND TRIED TO GET A PRESCRIPTION FOR A WHEELCHAIR VAN SO PERHAPS I COULD GET SOME SMALL ASSISTANCE.THAT IS WHEN THE MERRY-GO-ROUND STARTED-WHEN I NEED TO GO TO MY PRIMARY CARE DR I WILL ATTEMPT TO CHANGE 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	I am a diagnosed bipolar 1, after a ten minute appointment Telew had made a decision. He claimed my issues were,&quot;environmental. He listened none and rediagnoswed me as ADHD and was going to pull out my Lamotrigine(for manic disorders). I refused and he said they were a placebo(unpublished results, apa later published positive  findings for manic disorders). Again he knows it all. He put me on strattera and my life went down hill no sleep, severly manic spin, suicide thoughts, emmotional and irritable outbursts. Not much positive left after 6 months of the Strattera he prescribed for my non-existant ADHD. I have done research on Strattera and it is a no, no for manic disorder and a large amount of people put in this position either hurt themselves or committ suicide. I have sufferd three major injuries during my stay on the drug. Lawsuit!!! Yes yes yes! Don't short youself this is very serious. He needs to be called on his toturous behavior on his patients. Get Away From Telew.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:OHIP
35	-1	Hostile, aggressive, arrogant, unhelpful, deceitful.  Attempted to stop my medication without discussing it by refusing to refill.  Attempted to misinform about withdrawal symptoms despite being plainly written on the medication documentation.  Finally terminated me as a patient after 1 visit for asking for a refill because he claimed that I was highly suspicious of being a drug addict because I did not want to suffer withdrawals.  Dangerous as a doctor!  Do not see this man if you cannot withstand sustained abuse. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	He had placed me on Xanax, after discussing it's addictive potential and told me that we would monitor my progress and discuss any issues that might come up regarding dependence or addiction on this medication.  After a hospitalization for a matter unrelated to this medication, he decided to suddenly take me off Xanax, with no dose titration whatsoever.  I called the office, and admittedly was rude to the office staff because of the severe withdrawal I was suffering.  When I thought better of my actions, I called to set up an appointment to discuss my situation, and was told I had been terminated as a patient.  As a result I suffered over 6 months of withdrawal symptoms, which led to some severe complications of my condition. I feel this man is dangerous, and I would urge potential patients to think twice about consulting his advice. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	I agree about the blaming, uncaring attitude.  Telew has a know-it-all attitude, thinks HIS knowledge is the ONLY knowledge and (quite insultingly) discounts personal accounts of symptoms (ex., he refuses to acknowledge that depression affects sleeping) and medications.   He is very insensitive.  Once when I was in a bad episode of depression, he spent our session scolding me, saying I just needed to get my act together. I was crying my eyes out and he didn’t care at all; just rushed me out the door like usual; for all he knew, I could have gone and shot myself that day.  When I moved out of town and called for a referral, he never called me back (multiple times).  When I called to get a refill on my prescription since I was having trouble finding a new doctor on my own, he refused that also, so I am stuck with no medication!!  When my new insurance called him for my history of drugs tried, since they don’t normally cover the one that he prescribed, he refused to do that also.  	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Pacificare
35	-1	Very unhelpful and blameful.  I felt verbally attacked and was made to feel worthless and that I just need to &quot;deal&quot; with my problems.  When I arrived I was hopeful for the appointment and looking forward to making progress.  What I encountered was quite the opposite and I will not be going back.  A complaint to my insurance has already been filed.  	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
35	1	A very kind, knowledgeable doctor.  Dr. Telew will call you whenever you need his advice or are in a crisis.  He is generous with his time and his office staff is top-notch.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	-1	Wanted to treat me HIS way, not my way, after telling him repeatedly that I cannot tolerate anti-depressants. He istens attentively but doesn't hear. He discounts any knowledge that you may have, believing that he is the only one that is educated. 	 1/1/07		4	1	Insurance:Unknown
35	0	This is possibly one of the worst dr's I've ever seen!! He is very unpunctual and extremly rude. I do not reccomend hom to anyone with a mental illness or any other sort of psychiatric problem. Do not waste your time with this loser!!!!!! 		1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Dr. Telew is a compassionate, knowledgeable man. He responds in excellent time if I have an emergency, listens well and is willing to work with me to find the best medications for my illness. I highly recommend him.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	-1	I have nothing good to say. In his report he even called me by the wrong gender for several pages! DUH! I got a good laugh from reading his report, very entertaining. 		4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Great Doctor. So nice and helpful. Person who rated bad is very wrong.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
36	-1	Run away as fast as you can!!  This man is an aweful person and an even worse doctor. 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	We are long term Medford residents.  I urge anyone to know that Sandra Taylor is Dr. Death (this is my personal feeling).  This doctor will throw you to the ground once she has made the money (she makes money on the drugs I promise) and all she can make.   She will not respect your dignity, she will not be truthful.  Warning this is a terrible doctor.   She has the face of an angel and she uses this!   Do not take anything this doctor says as truth and I have compared notes with others in our valley....the word must get out about Dr. Sandra Taylor!  Spread the word, please get a second word from another doctor!   I am sharing this information so others will not suffer as my family has with our experience.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
38	0	Dr Taitano was incredibly dismissive and lacked the patient consideration to fully hear out my personal concerns on what my service was requiring. Upon coming in I stated it had been upwards of 2yrs since my last pap smear and as an OBGYN he didnt even offer or think to suggest the obvious exam he is supposed to endorse as a gynecologist!! When I expressed that I needed a specific pain addressed not only did he fail to try to explain what could be causing it, he told me I would &quot;have to deal with it and hope it went away&quot; I came in with a obvious diagnosis that I had already accumulated from seeing several other doctors (general practitioners, internalists, e.r. doctors, urgent care doctors) who led me to seek his specialty and not only did he brush aside my knowledge of what was going on with my body but basically flexed his knowledge as a obgyn overshot what I could be aware of working within my own relm of being. I feel dismissed and belittled.  WILL NOT RETURN! DO NOT RECOMMEND! 	5	5	1	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	Dr. Tanksley listened very well to everything I had to say.  He did not make me feel like I was being paranoid by bringing my son in to have his ears checked.  He seemed very knowledgeable, and I left the ER with a lot of confidence in the treatment my son received from Dr. Tanksley.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
39	1	Brilliant! One of the best Emergency Docs out there. 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	Great so far, he is very comforting and caring. I understand that schedules are hectic but he will take the time to find out what your concerns are and seems to genuinely care.  I trust that he has my best interest and that I am not just a number.  It is hard to find a physician that you can trust and that will go the extra mile for your well-being.  I would highly recommend.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	-1	Absolutely the worst doctor I have ever had. Condescending with a very short attention span. Wanted to get me in and out as quickly as possible. After my visit I was so disappointed I looked up his qualifications. For those who don't know, the med school Guadalajara is where American students go who can't meet the qualifications to get into med school in the states. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	For 20 years he has always been there for me and has been very knowledgeable about my many different and serious problems.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Secure Horizons
40	1	Exceptionally gifted diagnosis skills, concerned, conscientious, friendly, one of a kind.  On time or ahead of time, apoligizes when a little late:)  Gives 110%.  Staff are exceptional, esp.  Kathy 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	Dr. Trafficante is the best doctor I have ever been to in my entire life. When I came in with depression and anxiety issues, instead of just handing me a Rx and sending me on my way, we talked at length about what could be causing my symptoms, how I can deal with stress at home and at work and the different medications I could try, siting the pros and cons of each. Instead of just popping in for 5 to 10 minutes like most doctors would, he actually sat down and chatted with me for at least 45 minutes! This is the only doctor I have seen that actually CARES about his patients. I would recommend him to ANYONE that is looking for a new doctor, even if you don't live in the downtown Portland area...  he is definitely worth the commute! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
40	-1	I went to Dr. Trafficante for chronic fatigue and migraines. After a short routine exam, he wanted to put me on anti-depressants. He says that &quot;some doctors&quot; believe CFIDS and fibromyalgia are just symptoms of depression. From the other reviews, it sounds like he may be good with a simple diagnosis but when presented with symptoms that are more complex, he isn't willing to take the time and energy to work with the patient. 	5	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	Brian has been our family physician for many years and I can only echo what others here have stated. He is a rarity: a caring, competent, warm, open-minded doctor.  	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Assurant
40	1	Dr. Trafficante has been my primary care physician for the past 7 or 8 years, and I really like him. He listens, he's funny, and he explains why and what he's doing. He encourages practical, non-prescription methods of treating an illness before getting out his prescription pad.  I guess for some people this might not work but I appreciate it! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Pacificare
40	1	Dr. Trafficante is very thorough and he actually talks to you and cares unlike some of the doctors at the Portland Clinic.  I really like him and his staff, he cares about his patients and I can highly recommend him.   The Portland Clinic resources are also excellent but be sure to be selective when chosing a doctor at the Portland Clinic.  As far as I am concerned, he is the best one there, and I have been going to the Portland Clinic for 50 years, since I was 16 years old and in high school, back in 1958.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
40	1	I've been going to Dr. Trafficante for a few years - in my opinion the best doctor I've ever been to. If you need a general practitioner in downtown, be sure to check him out. He's very helpful and actually has a personality. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	DR. TAYLOR LISTENS TO YOU OTHER DRS. JUST SIT THERE AND NOW BUT DR.  TAAAAYLOR REALLY LISTENS 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
41	1	The help I've received with my migraines makes the wait well worth it.  (I know to come prepared with something to read or do.)   He always addresses how I was doing last visit and  currently, discusses whether or what changes should be made in medications, and talks about future possibilities.  He is exceedingly approachable and helpful, and really listens to what you and have to say.  His treatment has made it possible for me to manage my migraines, instead of having the migraines manage me as they had for more than half my life.  I recommended him to a friend in need of a neurologist.   She called me after their first visit to say they &quot;loved him. &quot; 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
41	1	This doctor is extremely knowledgeable in the area of Multiple Sclerosis. He listens thoroughly and recommends appropriate treatment options. He also takes the time necessary for you to ask questions. He is very thorough and follows up appropriately. I highly recommend him. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Friendly and knowledgeable; explains options well. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	He knows what he's doing.. perfect workup leading to an accurate diagnosis.  Could not have asked for a better treatment. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	. She was rude, impatient, did not explain any procedures, and made me feel horrible through the whole appointment! I will NEVER go back!!!!!! 	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:BC Med
45	-1	This man really needs to have his own head checked. Cant figure out what is wrong with patient after missing something on MRI, 8 years later with current DR. wow finally some help. He is a IDIOT, GO BACK TO SCHOOL. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	This is a great office &amp; gentle. I can't stand going to the dentist &amp; this office makes all that go away.  Love Dr Turley's office 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Pacificare
47	1	Why mess with poor dentistry when you can have the best.  Been a patient for over 2 decades and wouldn't go anywhere else.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
48	1	Dr. Taher is a very compassionate doctor.  I have gone to him for about a year, and I have multiple chronic conditions.  I am very pleased with his excellent bedside manner and his ability to listen without interrupting. I would highly recommend him.  Also, he quotes medical literature to you if you ask him about some medical condition which might have different approaches.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
49	-1	Haven't had a family doctor for at least five years. I called, told them I was interested in becoming a new patient of theirs. The secretary put me on hold. Then the doctor came on the line and started SCREAMING, I DON'T accept chronic pain patients, I DON'T accept MVA's, and I DON'T accept the medical Marijuana cards! &quot;Now what can I help you with&#63;&quot; (I told her I needed to just get my cholestrol checked.) After I thought about it more, I decided that I needed a doctor who &quot;listens&quot; first, and NOT label you as a drug seeking person. So, I did cancel my appointment with her, and found a new doctor. I am 61 years old and this was just way out of line for a professional to act. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	Dr. Tidball isn't one of my insurance preferred providers. But I've been seeing her for 10+ years.She is kind, involved, listens very well and has taken wonderful care of me and my family. I won't go anywhere else.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
49	1	Dr. Tidball is very warm, cozy, and outstanding  personality who thinks more of her patients then herself at times. She has extremely large heart and golden soul.  There were times she brought me back from taken the easy route out of this life.  If you are looking for a Doctor who just gives you pills, she is not for you.  But if you are looking for someone who give you the time of the day, who cares, and wants to really help you. Then she is for you.  	 3/4/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
50	1	Dr. Tsohantaridis is honest and caring and helped me understand myself in a way no one else ever has. She has helped to save my life. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	Very professional ENT specialist I have visited for 5 years.  Highly recommended 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	Dr. Tsai has been extremely competent. He is physician to me, my husband, my daughter, granddaughter and grandson. We all think he is very special and rate him A+. He has initiated an email program where we can email questions, thus keeping office visits to a minimum.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	-1	Fails to follow through when ordering tests. His failure to ordering me the stress test for several days ended up with me having a major heart attack. After notified of the attack he never had the courtesy to call me to see how I was doing.  	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:Tricare
52	0	Kept forgetting to order a stress test for me and by the time he did it I had a major heart attack. After the attack he never contacted me when informed by my cardiologist. 	2	4	4	2 	Insurance:Unknown
53	0	I would never recommend Dr. Taggart. I have been seeing him for years and he has terrible bedside manners. He is always rushed and I feel like I am inconveniencing him if I ask any follow-up questions or have more than 1 issue to discuss. He talks down to me and makes me feel stupid. I am determined to find a new doctor.  	2	4	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	0	Dr Phillip Taggart is the most rude uncaring doctor i have ever met in my life.  He shouldnt have patients the way he treated my client, 	5	3	3	3 	Insurance:Secure Horizons
53	1	Dr. Taggart is a busy doctor. However, he keeps up to date on newly released medical info. Dr Taggart has been willing to do any blood test I ask for. My husband who is diabetic and he relates the most recent research. If there was the need for a serious diagnosis, DR Taggart would of caught it. In fact, we had been seeing doctors for 5 years to find out why my husband was always falling asleep at inappropriate times.. even during loud concerts. Doctors even ordered brain scans, and put my husband on powerful stimulants,  and misdiagnosed my husband as an narcoleptic. Dr Taggart took the time to listen and ordered a few blood tests and now with a biweekly shot.. I have my husband back. True he is busy, but he will listen if you speak up,and my husband refuses to see anyone else because of Dr.Taggarts great since of humor. I do understand doctors are not perfect and but Dr. Taggart has done a great job with us.. even with my husbands multiple and complex endocrine disorders.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Providence
53	-1	My husband is not impressed by Dr. Taggert. Told him his ribs hurt. Diagnosis - it's muscles, take ibuprofen. His Achilles Tendon is sore and inflammed. Diagnosis - really didn't give one, just said to get a heel lift. No explanation as to WHY the heel hurt. Problems after eating with bloating and a sick stomach. Diagnosis - change your eating habits. Doc made minimal attempts to diagnose WHY something was happening, only quick to pass on a pill and get out the door. Now I have to convince my husband that not all doctors are incompetent and sometimes they really do good things. Wish me luck. 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	I have been seeing him for apox 10 years.  I've never been to a Dr that is on time this much-almost every single visit.  I have had many complicated unrelated different surgeries so there is a lot he needs to keep in mind, but he remembers it all.  He is treating all of me, not just the illnesses and that sometimes means that he will say &quot;no&quot; to easy short term fixes as an example, adding in more anxiety meds at the drop of a hat.  He has always ordered lots of testing and referrals.  When I hurt my back and there were some very bad signs, he left the room and went to his office to personally call a surgeon to make sure I was seen the next day.  Amazing!  Another example of respect-- he talks to you with your clothes on first.  Then, the nurse tells you how much needs to come off.  Advice(2):  1. Do NOT save a &quot;one more thing&quot; question once he is leaving!  Ask all up front. (2) Call to talk to assistants;that just seems to be how he works.  He seems to only call if they can't do it.  	 8/4/09	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	-1	I saw him once, and he made two out of two sophomoric misdiagnoses; was brusque and adamant in denying his errors. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	Dr. Taggart is always in a hurry, tries to see as many patients a day as possible (for money). He was in such a hurry every appointment when my father was ill he diagnosed him as depressed and put him on anti-depressants. Finally we took him to another DR. who diagnosed him with stage 4 cancer and kidney failure resulting in the removal of 1 kidney. He died 3 months later. Dr. Taggarts nurse was always rude, rolling her eyes when asked a question even made the comment to us that Dr. Taggart doesn't have time to keep seeing us. The scheduler even said that a lot of patients complain that he see's so many patients a day only able to spend 5-10 minutes tops with them. We experienced that on numerous occasions. Dr. Taggarts unethical behavior resulted in a death. The surgens told us it could have been caught sooner and treated had Dr.Taggart ordered the correct lab tests, Depression or Cancer big difference. He should not be practicing medicine anymore.  His nurses need attitude adjustments 	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	Dr. Taggart is very knowledgeable and keeps up on all the latest medical updates.  He is easy to talk to and explains things very clearly.  I wish it was easier to talk to him on the phone when needed but you have to go through several hoops to do that.  The groups phone system leaves a lot to be desired.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	Dr. Trew does not accept insurance.  However, she is one of the few doctors that will prescribe bioidentical hormones.  Her blood and saliva tests were covered by my insurance.  After struggling with thyroid problems for years and being told that my numbers are just fine, she was able to ascertain that I not had thyroid problems, but adrenal insufficiency and my hormones were practically nonexistant.  She prescribed hormone cream from a compounding pharmacy which has done wonders for me.  She knows that the whole endocrine system works together as a whole and that you just can't fix one thing without affecting the rest.  She sells professional vitams which really seem to work, too.  I don't have that icy cold feeling anymore nor do I &quot;fly off the handle&quot; (my husband's words) like I did.  I am sleeping well now, too.  Yes, it is expensive, but Dr. Trew is the only doctor who has helped me.  Every other doctor just poo paahd and said it was all in my head.  I recommend this doctor. 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	. very nice office, polite &amp; kind staff - including dentist! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	VERY kind, knowledgeable, and worked to correct technical difficulties with the crown. Quick scheduling, polite staff. No pain ever experienced! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Dr. Tan was very kind, knowledgeable, understanding, and accommodating to my choices. I especially appreciate that she (unlike many doctors) was open to recommending alternative treatments, knowing that I was not interested in taking the &quot;conventional&quot; prescription route that she first recommended.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	Dr.Thompson is a awesome Doctor. he is very nice and actually listens. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	Dr Thompson has been my family's physician for 5 years now.  We have not one negative thing to say about him or his practice.  In fact, when other Drs quit seeing us because our insurance paid them so little, Dr Thompson told us we would never have to worry about being &quot;fired&quot; as a patient due to money issues.  Some doctors are in it for the money - I'm convinced his only motive is to help people with their health issues.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
57	-1	this guy is out for the money and not the people he is not one you would want your mom to see unless he like you and if he dont forget getting the proper help because he will do nothing for you and that is buyous bad DR 		1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
58	-1	worst doctor i have ever seen.  she diagnoses someone i know with being borderline diabetic, if it had not been for the nurse at the hospital where this person was referred to for diabetic counseling rechecking the blood test, this person might be dead.  turns out the person was fine, not anywhere near borderline diabetic and this doctor wanted them on insulin right away, it could have killed her.  how can someone who made a mistake like that be allowed to practice medicine, and her staff is not much better.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
58	-1	mean, foul mouthed, insulting, degrading, shrill, explodes easily, obviously an angry person, treated me with little or no respect. This is as polite as I can be. And I am an easy going person. I don't care how well educated some doctors are, if they are humiliating and without compassion, then they should find other work that doesn't involve face to face contact. Perhaps she would do better as a medical examiner so the poor dead patient wouldn't have to listen to her hurl insults and everyone around her.  Angry woman in a lab coat! RUN! 	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	-1	i have high blood pressure .unable to bring it down.  i am on four meds for this 	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:HealthPartners
59	0	This doctor is not supportive of injured workers.  Instead she is supportive of the insurance companies.  If you are in pain and cannot work and have a permanent disability see another doctor!  She has no compassion.  The appointments are more like counseling sessions not real treatment.  If you don't follow her counseling advice she takes it personal and will close your claim.  She tries to act like a mother, not a doctor. 	2	1	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	Very knowledgeable.  Explained things in a unique manner that made sense and was easy to utilize to improve my recovery. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	The best!  Another physiatrist referred me to her saying that there is nothing about the human body she doesn't know.  Seems to be true!  She's pleasant, responsive, and very helpful. She's the only provider who has given me trigger point injections that actually work.  Haven't met many doctors whom I felt were smart, competent and helpful, but Dr. Joan is one of the rare ones that is all that. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	Dr. Takacs is an insightful, brilliant doctor, and an amazing human being.  I was injured on the job, and after a succession of doctors that decided things for me, without considering my input or questions, she listened, cared, and helped my body, and spirit find a healing path.  Dr. Takacs renewed my faith in the medical community.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
59	1	She has correctly diagnosed everything wrong with me in the past ten years. Best doctor I ever had, period.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	I have never had a better doctor than Joan. She properly diagnosed everything that was wrong with me, even when it was not in her field of expertise.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	After months of undiagnosed, agonizing pain, Joan Takacs was a breath of fresh air. Highly competent, she administered adjustments and medications to mitigate a psoas and scoliosis condition. Because of her skill and approach, I am able to maintain pain free health through exercise and movement.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	Dr. Tan delivered my first born along side with my doctor. I love everything about providence 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
60	-1	Dr. Tan is very cold when it comes to following up with patients. He delivered my son and when I got home had lots of pain.  When I called for help he was really rude and asked me what I expected him to do&#63; 	1	5	1	3 	Insurance:Anthem
61	1	 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	Excellent doctor. Takes time to answer all questions. Never felt rushed. I never waited more than 10 minutes past my scheduled appointment time to see the doctor. He even provided his email address and returned emails. I can say he is the best doctor I have ever had.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
62	1	Dr. Torkelson has treated me since 2005 and I remain very impressed by his current medical knowledge, intelligence, skill-set and empathy.  He has consistently correctly diagnosed and treated various conditions I have experienced including athletic injuries, infections and most recently an uncommon Gall Bladder condition.  His staff are medical pros and care about you as well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	Dr. Torkelson is the most helpful, knowledgable, personable doctor I have ever seen.  I look forward to my visits with him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	Great Doc. Listens to what you say. Recommends reasonable treatment. Concerned about his patients. Great followup on how you are doing.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	Dr. Torleson is an excellent physcian. I would never consider another doctor to place my health care. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	There is no one better! I highly recommend Dr. Theel.She is compassionate, articulate, caring, bright,knowledgeable and professional.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	-1	Agree--arrogant, not infrequently confused my medical/psychiatric record with another's.  Psychotherapy non-existent in this case.  I agree.  She commonly looks grim and sits a good distance and height away from the patient.  	5	3	2	2 	Insurance:Aetna
63	-1	She is the height of arrogance and is a know-it-all. She exudes contempt and is very cold and uncaring in my experience. She seems not to have a good grasp on medicines and her therapy style is lacking in empathy-she is grim and appears to be disapproving, although she may be unaware of her facial expression. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	Typical pompous, inconsiderate god-syndrome &quot;Doctor&quot;. Drove two hours one way only to have him call in sick at the very last minute. Drove two hours one way two days later to wait for an hour before seeing &quot;his majesty&quot; for 5 minute during which we agreed on a minor procedure. After cooling my heels for another 1.5 hour, and finishing a book, I threw in the towel and walked out.  Ten and one half hours of my life wasted, THANKS DOC! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	-1	Sharon Thrall lanced sebaceous cysts on my ears several times rather than refer me to a dermatologist who could treat the problem correctly. Scar tissue built up where she cut me and the cysts came back each time. Finally I required surgery to remove the scar tissue and the cysts. Then I went to her after I was involved in a car accident. She wrote in my permanent medical records that I was seeking drugs. Even though I did not request any medications from her. I think she is a horrible doctor. I would not recommend her to anyone.  	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
66	1	First normal neurosugeon, exceptionally well trained. Really appreciated his conservative approach and works closely with non-surgical colleages.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	Dr. Tien is not only a skilled surgeon, but also a very caring and compasionate doctor. He explains procedures very well and will answer all your questions, taking his time to make sure you completely understand the procedure to be done.  He is absolutely the BEST! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	Dr Treible and his staff have taken care of both me and my family for several years.  His compassionate and skillful care has resulted in my getting back to health very quickly.  He has diagnosed both orthopedic and non orthopedic related conditions that were missed by other physicians, and for that we will be forever in his debt.  His skill as a surgeon is excellent.  I would recommend him unconditionally, and have. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	-1	He experimented on me.must have been bored. After the screws came loose and my shoulder collapsed. I found a specialist willing to fix his mess.It wasn't easy. Treible is a legend in his own mind.  	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:HealthFirst
67	1	Absolutely amazing, went through two years in an absolute nightmare with physical therapy and pain clinic along with several injections, finally went to Dr. Treible who was referred by a family member and after one test determined I had a collapsed disk was in surgery within a couple of weeks, my lower back feels better than it has in 10 years. If not for his knowledge and thoroughness, I would still be living in the same nightmare.  Has done surgery on several friends and relatives since and I will continue to refer him.  Great surgeon and staff that go above and beyond.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:BC Med
67	-1	Amazing, this guys actually an Ortho surgeon.  Misdiagnosed me, he was completely wrong. I went to a general surgeon for a second opinion, and I was promptly surgically well taken care of, no big deal.  Not only that but the guy's kind of a jerk, and in my opinion he &quot;specializes&quot; in too many orthopedic sub-specialties to be any good at any of them. This is not a professional opinion, but it's my opinion as a patient who has dealt with treibel 	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
67	-1	STAFF WAS COMPLETELY UNPROFESSIONAL AND NOT HELPFUL. DR TREIBLE GAVE POOR MEDICAL ADVISE. WHICH WAS CONFIRMED UPON SECOND OPTION. 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	PA are slightly indecisive but Dr. Treibles direct and to the point; greatly appreciated by those with chronic conditions. The rest of the office is patient and helpful. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Dr Tihanyi listens to me and is interested in the alternate non-medicine forms of pain control that I find to use. She doesn't give up till she finds what works for you as an individual. I highly recommend her and her staff. Dr Tihanyi likes to keep the office on the cool side so bring a coat.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	I have been with Doctor Tihanyi for 20+ years.She and her staff are excellent in every way. I wouldn't be with her this long if she wasn't. I have had a few doctors through out my life from Calif to Oregon and by far Tihanyi and her staff is the BEST! I highly recommend her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	The most friendly staff &amp; doctor ever! Doctor takes time to help with what ever medical problems you have. They work with you with appointments so that you get what ever time fits your needs. We have been with them for many many years, they are the best!You would be blessed to have Dr Tihanyi as your doctor, we are.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	-1	Dr. Topinka put atropine drops in my eyes to dilate them for a routine exam. This is the wrong substance and resulted in my dilation lasting days instead of hours and disrupted my vision and made my eyes sore and sensitive to light for nearly a week. He acknowledged the mixup, said it happened to more than one person, and explained the atropine bottles had a new label that looked just like the label on the intended bottles. Also, when I realized something was wrong I left messages with the clinic over the weekend but they never returned my calls even after I waited till the following Tuesday afternoon. I had to find another ophthalmologist that weekend for a consultation. 	5	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
70	-1	Dr. Takush is rude, unhelpful and obnoxious.  I went to see him at Immediate Care on a Saturday about having strep throat.  He wanted to know why I didn't go to my regular doctor and I told him that MY doctor didn't work Saturdays.  He then asked me why I hadn't waited til Monday to be seen, I told him that I needed antibiotics immediately.  He then asked me if anyone had ever died from it, to which I replied that I had a fever of 104.3 the night before and the complications from that could be life threatening.  I was so upset by the time I left that I swore I would never see him again and I haven't.  Don't waste your time or money, he is a miserable man who obviously hates his job.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
71	-1	My experience with Tucker was one of the worst ordeals I've ever experienced with a medical professional. Serious errors by Tucker and his staff led to a bad post-surgery infection for me. I had to go to another doctor to deal with the problems Tucker caused me. Than I had to fight with Tucker for several months to get a small refund. Since I had pre-paid Tucker and he didn't complete the work, having him hang on to my money seemed pretty unethical to me. 	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	. Excellent therapist, educator in the field 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
73	1	Dr. Rex &quot;Rocket&quot; Turner has a wonderful disposition, easy to talk with and professional in all aspects of Psychology. He listened and understood my PTSD, Depression &amp; Anxiety issues, while documenting every statement word for word. We spent 4 hrs discussing and evaluating my options. I'd recommend anyone needing &quot;assistance&quot; to speak with Dr. Turner. Thanks for being there when I needed to talk Rocket.  //SIGNED// Brian 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
74	-1	Dr. Clark Thompson performed sinus surgery on me.  When I went to him with a post-op complaint, he was rude, arrogant, and refused to even look inside my sinuses, stating he &quot;had done a fine surgery.&quot;  His office overbills, is rude, and won't provide required billlng documentation.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	My name is Ted west and Dr. Clark Thompson was my Doctor when I lived in Salem for many years, he treated me with the best care anyone could ask for he put Me first not the bill, he performed several surgerys on Me and saved My life. Your in the best possible care when You have Dr. Thompson for Your Doctor :-) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	Took time to answer questions about my son, even though we where there for my father. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	Very thoughtful and helpful.  He never makes you feel he is rushing you and tries to think of any questions you might have.   Very competent surgeon, too.  When I had my last insurance-paid post surgery visit, he was not completely satisfied with progress I had made, so insisted I return for yet another followup so he could be sure I was all right.  This visit was on him--not paid by insurance.  It's good to see a physician that puts the good of the patient above the good of his own wallet!  Highly recommend Dr. Thompson.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	Dr Thompson tended to my wife after repeated trips to the emergency room failed to treat her condition.  He recognized her situation on the spot and rendered excellent and complete care that has not required additional follow-up since.  He was a savior for us. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	-1	I waited in the exam room for 1 hour, without any communication of a delay. I left without seeing him. 	3	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
75	-1	The overall experience was bad. He was very late. He did not discuss my case, and left the room without me understanding what was wrong. He seemed disoriented and spaced out. I would not recommend him. I got more information from the internet than from him.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
75	0	I'm a nurse with a PhD, and he spoke to me like a fifth grader. He moved in and out of the room so quickly, I didn't have time to challenge his inadequate explanation of my problem. He was personable and close to on time.  	4	4	3	3 	Insurance:Aetna
76	-1	Introductory apt. while seeking new MD failed to ask why I had needed medical tests mentioned to her.  Seemed more focused on being speedy and perhaps on-time than being thorough. Was not informed re: latest hormone replacement data. 	4	5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
76	-1	Saw Dr. Miller and diagnosed with pneumonia. Called the clinic to get a prescription for a humidifier to help--Dr. Miller was out and Dr. Tran would not write one (need a a prescription, so that my flex spending account can be used). She refused because she has never written one before!!!!! Heartless doctor--would rather have someone suffer!!! She is just a doctor for the money-ive seen her before and she over charges-more than Dr.  Miller--and she didn't even do her residency somewhere great! Dont go to this cold Doctor! Her son has mental issues--how would she like to be treated so coldly/rudely by those treating her son&#63; She should get what's coming! 	1	5	1	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
77	0	Was sent to this doctor for a 2nd opinion within Kaiser Mt. Talbert Ortho Clinic. I found this doctor to be rude. Wanted to know why his colleague ordered a 2nd opinion. Suggested I need a surgery that is &quot;different&quot; than usual and often doesn't work, and I was too young (53 then). Within a year I saw a 3rd dr. at Kaiser who also adamantly refused to do surgery. He told me that my hip &quot;wasn't bad enough yet.&quot; 4 yrs later I now have bone on bone and having total hip replacement surgery soon. Dr. Toal's suggestion was an osteotomy. Excuse me, but no. Archaic! Also, the staff at Kaiser Mt. Talbert (during 2005-2006) was a horrible bunch of extremely overworked, nasty and rude bunch of women. I hope Kaiser has taken care of that problem, but I doubt it-in this economy it's probably gotten worse. I suppose I should be grateful that the &quot;osteotomy&quot; was refused, because I need a total hip replacement and am getting it-from a friendly surgeon with a nice, responsive, helpful staff.  	1	5	1	4 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
78	-1	I felt he did not listen and seemed too busy to spend time with me.  When I made my apt. I asked for extra time and when I showed up, the staff had not set aside the extra time that I had requested. For years I complained of consistant problems. Finally got angry &amp; got more agressive about taking care of myself.  Went to another Dr. and after a simple diagnosis...all was taken care of.  He is a real nice man, but he just doesn't seem to listen anymore 	4	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
78	-1	He used to be okay, but in Nov 2007 he was hostile, dismissive, abrupt and exceedingly unhelpful in treating our daughter for unexplained fatigue. We had gone to him for about 4 years, and he had been fine - not the most knowledgeable but willing to listen. We will never use this practice again - they treat patients like they are part of a production line. Somehow they have lost compassion and the idea of healing in their pursuit of a large busy medical practice.  	 8/29/08	2	3	1	Insurance:Aetna
78	1	Dr. Thomson has been my doctor for two or three years, and I trust him. He takes as much time as I need; he treats me like a grownup and discusses my health care with me. He has asked me to come in to the office to discuss a concern that has arisen from something he has learned about one of my medications. I rate him as responsible and compassionate.  	3	3	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	Has been my physician for 10 years. Always respectful, patient, and thorough. 		3	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	I have been with Dr. Trochman for at least ten years and I have always felt very well taken care of.  She is always thorough, listens to me, does not make me feel that what I am concerned about is not important, and even though I don't see her but anywhere from 1 to 3 times a year,she remembers me and how I feel about certain things (like taking certain drugs).  She is always willing to discuss options with me and does not dictate, but will strongly advise when she feels it is necessary, possible treatments or ideas, etc. Her staff has always been very nice to me. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	-1	She put my carpel-tunnel afflicted hand in a ready-made suppport that caused it to go numb and suffer nerve damage then she just gave up and got defensive when I said the splint wasn't helping. Seriously the rudest doctor I've ever visited. Maybe she was having a bad day but I didn't want to give her a 2nd chance. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	I have had her for years and love her.  I do not love her staff.  I HATE calling in and talking to the nurse, on the occasions you can actually talk to to someone.  One is great, but the others are not compassionate, or knowledgeable, apathetic and treat me like an idiot not worth the doctor's time.  I feel like they impede my health care, and avoid going to see her unless desperate.  On the occasions she has not been available, it has been impossible to get in to see anyone else.  	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	0	I went because of great ratings everywhere.  I was not impressed. Refilled 1 of 4 Rx that I have had long term - no discussion, no alternatives...just no. Still got told how bad smoking is - even though I quit 4 years ago. Was not supportive of &quot;alternative&quot; medicine like chiropractic. I know I have some issues, but I need a doctor to support/encourage me...to be a partner with me to be healthier.  She may know her stuff, but I do not feel I was heard/believed. I think she has her own ideas in certain areas...and I fell outside the box. Bottom line: depends on if it is a good fit for you or not.  	5	5	2	3 	Insurance:Pacificare
79	1	Excellent Doctor.  The reason she's not rated high on punctuality is because she spends so much time with her patients. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	She's one of the better doctors I've seen. She' so good, it's hard to get in to see her sometimes. I don't have any critial health problems so it's no big deal, but if I did, I'd trust her with my health. 	4	2	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	GRADE A WONDERFUL PERSON. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	-1	He is one of the worst dr. that i have ever seen. His office staff is rude and very unhelpfull. Espacially the mexican girl. If you hate your job go woork somewhere else. i work for a dr office and i will be sure not to refer anyone to him. i will tell them to go somewhere else. He does not care for his patients.  Rude and basically just an **** 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
81	-1	Dr. Teed operated on my right arm/shoulder twice and he left me with severe ulnar nerve damage. He ****ed me at his clinic in Tillamook, OR. Run from this surgeon., and seek care elsewhere.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Workers Comp
81	1	I have been a lot of Ortho's and DR Teed is BY FAR THE BEST! Caring, knowledgeable, professional, and experienced.  I was in pain, and injured and the office called me back within 15 minutes and got me in that day to be seen! I will always use him! AWESOME! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	front desk staff was rude and very unfriendly.  only billed workers comp wouldn't bill other insurance even though she took the insurance information.  	1	2	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
81	-1	In my opinion this Dr. is one of the most unprofessional, unrealistic and egotistical people it has been my displeasure to come in contact with. I can't even believe he is able to get patients at all. I wouldn't take my dog to see him. I wonder if maybe he was writing prescriptions for his own drugs.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:AARP
81	-1	My husband has been going to Dr. Teed for 5 MONTHS and he did not know what to diagnose him with.   We went for a second opinion, and HE HAS 2 FRACTURES!!!!!!  He should not even be praticing medicine! 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
81	1	Dr Teed is the most honest and caring doctor I have seen.  He tells it like it is, and really cares about his patients.   Outstanding!! 	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
81	-1	Very rushed. Does not work with insurance co. to correct billing. 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	Amazing doc, it's just him in the office  no overhead staff. Plan to spend about an hour at your first appointment for diagnosis and then 30 minutes for each return. He always includes heat packs before adjustment and a type of massage after to realign the muscles as well.  He's fantastic! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	Dr. Teplick was very informative and answered all of my questions.  I felt very relaxed on the day of surgery. Thank you for my new eyes! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	-1	This doctor injured my wife, then tried to cover it up. We sued, and were satisfied with the outcome. We also know of many people who have been hurt by this doctor. I do not recommend this doctor to anybody who asks me for an opinion. 		3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	The staff were very friendly as was Dr. Tersigni. I've referred a lot of people to his office.  I had the lapband and am happy with it. My only complaint is you can't usually get in quick for a fill as they are so busy you have to go a few weeks out.  Doctor Tersigini works with as does his staff. The nurse, Robin, is very nice and had weight loss surgery herself.  They have the best price around.  They are also on the coast so it's a beautiful drive and stay.  The travel time is well worth the savings.  I think he's charging $12,500 for the surgery (there are some other costs so I'd plan for another $800-1000) but your insurance may cover some of that if it doesn't cover the surgery. 	4	3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	Stay away from this dentist. He is using unsafe pain medications that can cause permanent damage to your organs. Not to mention the fact that he will try to fraudelently do medical/dental procedures on you when not necessary 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
86	0	he is gruff and sometimes extreamly NOT ontime for appts. say your appt is at 3pm however you might not be seen until 3. 45 or later 	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Aetna
86	0	Seems to be very old school or just needs to retire. i dont want to waste anymore time or effort on this guy. please stay away from him you'll have a scar no matter what! 	2	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	I went to Dr. Tavelli's office for a consult to get v beam treatments for my rosacea. He was very nice and thorough. His staff were very nice and the Laser Technician was very nice and professional. I had the treatment done and it was very reasonably priced compared to other places I consulted. I will go back in 6 weeks for my follow up and next treatment. I recommend this doctor. 	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
86	-1	It took me about 2 months to get into his office after making an appointment and he spent less than 5 minutes discussing my skin conditions.  I had a couple of skin issues that I wanted to address, but he was out the door even before I was able to talk about the last thing I wanted to bring out.  Also, he didn't seem to be very knowledgeable.  He said that my skin condition is either A or B (I forgot the names of skin diseases), and it happens to people for NO reason.  I was very unconvinced.  I don't recommend him to anyone and will not go back.  	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:HealthPartners
86	1	Great guy, knows what he is talking about. Also has a very nice staff on board. From what I understand he is also a great golfer. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	I was a patient of Dr Tufariello's for many years. She delivered my last two children (one was a very difficult pregnancy). She is gentle and kind and understanding.  I moved away from Eugene recently and have yet to find a GYN as good as her :-( 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
88	1	Very thorough in exams, asks lots of questions. Allows each patient plenty of time to ask questions as well. Answers all questions patients ask very completely. (I allways understand what he tells me.) Very nice staff as well.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	Excellent care and is caring, always punctual, always pleasant, always listens.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	excellent clinician who truly cares for and about her patients 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	He and the staff is very knowledgeable.  They were very helpful both on the phone and in person.  After my hysterectomy I had a bleeding problem but was resolved immediately when brought to the doctors attention.  He felt very sorry.  He answers his emails almost immediately and for an OB/GYN that is hardly heard of.  Would recommend this doctor very highly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
91	1	. Thorough 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
92	1	I found doctor Thompson to be personable caring genuine and competent. He clearly takes practicing medicine seriously As evidenced by the time he took with me and effort he made to understand my  complicated situation. I highly recommend him as a family physician. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	worst dr i have ever seen....he didnt care about what i needed. his staff didnt listen to what i have to say. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	Extremely helpful and personable. Someone you can trust.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
93	1	Dr. Thein does work with student patients at Oregon Institute of Technology on a very part time basis.  I have seen him twice now and both times left feeling like my questions had been answered to my satisfaction and that Dr. Thein was very thorough in his assessment of my overall wellbeing.  I feel that my experience has been positive because we are working to defeat my problems as a team rather than simply as a doctor/patient.  We have discussed my responsibility as the patient to be upfront and honest, and he has expressed gratitude for my acknowledging the things I want to work on as well as my acceptance of other issues that I was not aware of before.  Overall, I strongly recommend Dr. Thein, but only if you are willing and ready to actually effect change as part of a team.  He is not my therapist but I am certainly glad to have him as one of my care providers. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	-1	In several interactions with Dr Thein during his tenure as the prescribing psychiatrist at Klamath County (Oregon) Mental Health, the most memorable quality is that he does not listen to his patients.  He certainly didn't listen to me. Once he'd made up his mind what the problem was and what medication should be used to address it, no further information seemed to be heard at all.  I didn't really need to be in the room at all.  	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Medicare
94	1	Dr. Tatsumi came highly recommended and he did not disappoint. He is kind, patient, knowledgable and actually has a subtle, but great sense of humor. He took time with me and made me feel valued. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	Dr. Tatsumi is an excellent surgeon. I would recommend him to anyone. He takes a great deal of time to answer all of your questions and never makes you feel rushed. I never waited more than 10 minutes past my appointment time to meet with the doctor.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
95	-1	Dr. Tsen has a huge ego and he spends about 10 seconds in the room.   Most of the time you see someone else like a nurse on his staff which is probably better because hes just full of himself 	3	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	Dr Taube has been my primary physician for many years. I find her to be friendly, caring, knowledgeable and thorough in her assessment. I would highly recommend her! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	Dr. Taube has been my primary physician since my previous physician retired.  I've read negative reviews of her and assume these were one time issues.  I can tell you after several years and many visits with her I have never experienced anything negative.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Pacificare
96	1	Great! Dr.  Taube was so helpful with any questions I had, she returned phone calls promptly! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	0	Have lost records 3 times.  Doesn't listen.  Was kept waiting in an exam room 45 min one time.  Wrong info written on chart- incorrect weight.  told wrong numbers over phone regarding cholesterol.  OMG in general herds you in and herds you out.  I want out.  	1	1	1	4 	Insurance:Providence
96	-1	While she seems knowledgable, she is condescending to patients and she doesn't listen to the whole problem presented. She is quick to prescribe but again doesn't listen to the whole problem. Her follow through also leaves something to be desired. Finally, she didn't take drug allergies into consideration (though asked repeatedly) and caused a potentially fatal allergic reaction. Luckily another physician was seen to correct this problem. I would not recommend Dr. Taube. 	4	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
96	-1	Dr. Taube is very talkative and seems to talk more than she listens. I think it's important for a doctor to listen carefully to a patient.  I did not find her very helpful due to her cutting me off whenever I tried to talk.  	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
96	0	While Dr.Taubes general knowledge is agreeable I have issues with her tendency to talk over or cut off what I am saying.  Taking the time to listen to ones patient and respect their knowledge of their own body goes a long way in a doctor patient relationship. 	5	2	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
97	-1	This was the absolute worst physician I have ever meet. She was rude, disrespectful to my situtation and could basicallly care less. I felt degraded and humiliated. This happened months ago and I am just now talking about it. This person does not belong in practice in my opinion. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	Dr.Tran was very helpful, his staff was very caring, and tentative to my needs. I would definately recommend this clinic to my friends and family, what a wonderful experience, he took the time with me after the procedure to explain my other options as we didn't find anything with this test.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
98	-1	I saw him for reflux. He walked in the room &amp; before asking questions he said &quot;Have u thought this is a social problem &amp; that ur doing this to yourself&#63;&quot; I was shocked &amp; said ur wrong, its not a social problem, somethings wrong &amp; it needs to be fixed. He turned to my mom &amp; said &quot;Whats going on w/ her thats causing this&#63; This is social, its an eating disorder &amp; theres nothing wrong.&quot; Mom said no, im w/ her constantly &amp; something is wrong. He kept saying i was faking/making this up. He then said &quot;Well the only cure is surgery &amp; u can never throw up again.&quot; He was trying to scare me &amp; get me to admit the &quot;eating disorder&quot;. He orded an upper endoscopy &amp; when I came out of the anasthesia I heard him tell mom, &quot;I found nothing wrong &amp; im right, shes doing this to herself &amp; has an eating disorder.&quot; I was disgusted, he was WRONG.  My esophagus doesnt work &amp; hasnt since I was born 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	1	very good with diagnosing my Ulcerative colitis.   He is very smart, just not very warm and friendly as he is Vietnamese 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	-1	My experience was not positive. Did not feel respected.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	0	Bedside manner is NON-EXISTANT!!! Staff is among the MOST unprofessional I have EVER experienced. Ran out of prescription and had to call another Physician to get a timely refill....went without medication for 2 weeks. Just doesn't seem like he can be bothered. 	1	2	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
98	-1	Couldn't be bothered with me. Just frowned and grumbled. Ordered a couple blood tests. He ruled something out, but did no further testing. So no diagnosis and no treatment. So I continue to suffer. I wouldn't trust him to fix a flat tire, let alone my gut! 		1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
99	-1	Went to Dr Tseng for hernia repair surgery which he did with Laporscopy, a wonderful way to go. I had this done 7 months ago and am still having significant pain, which he says is from some Titanium tacks that secure the mesh into place for the hernia repair. He stated that he did not use the disolvable type of tacks due to the hospital was out of them!, and also told me two other patients had to have these tacks removed after their surgeries!, this is another surgery for me, should we have to do this!. To me if a hospital is out of a necessary/better component for a surgery than why are we doing the surgery&#63;, I sure wish I would have known!. I have a lot of pain and had he used the disolvable type i would not be in this predictament. Dr Tseng is very nice and communicates well, except this did not get explained, and I am dis appointed. Hoping this post helps others know this prior to surgery. NO TITANIUM TACKS FOR ME! 	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
100	-1	Most uncaring Dr. I've ever been to. Does not listen to your wishes, then tells me it wasn't that bad. Terrible bed side manners. He knew I was not happy with him, thought about reporting him. He wrote my bill off 100%. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
