dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	 Dr. Urbach is very dedicated and devoted to his patients if I pose as an example. We work very well together and his follow up and his referrals are first rate. I think he would be helped by a more streamlined communications system however and ultimately he is not a wizard. He thinks outside the box on his differentials which I welcome, has total independent thinking, but ultimately it falls upon the patient to provide a reliable history! I strongly recommend Dr. Urbach for his independent &quot;medicine is an art&quot; approach.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:TricarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
1	1	commentsdr. urbach is one of the best doctors I've ever known. I'm in the health field myself and am  demanding.  He is very smart, thoughtful, listens, doesn't rush and follows through. It is hard to find a professional in any field who is so competent and a nice human being too! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	 My pulmonary specialist recommended him several years ago when my previous internist retired. I've been completely happy - he is knowledgable, doesn't immediately jump to a referral but knows his limits, and welcomes my participation in my health care. I have a little more medical knowledge than the average person and he has never been condescending of that.  Love him! 	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Delta DentalPaid/Co-pay:N/A
1	-1	 This guy discontinued my seizure medication because I changed my address and didn't receive a bill. I went in, paid, and he still refused a refill and I had to go to the ER. A real pig. Don't use him, he is completely unethical.  	1	3	1	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$133
4	-1	 just wanted to say they treat you like crap!! went there for an evaluation and both her and her secretary treat you like a child! very unhappy with the service i was provided! and they tried to bill me 2x.... grrr...  	1	2	1	2	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$120
4	1	 I have been to Dr Ude six times so far and am very impressed with her.  She listens, then actually comes up with suggestions/recommendations for me to try - these have been useful and worked for me. What a surprise to find a psychologist who actually interacts with her patients and doesn't just sit there.  I have found her to be pleasant, compassionate, understanding and caring.  She was recommended to me by a friend who was very happy with the results she got with Dr Ude.  I have to agree!  She's a gem! I would recommend her to anybody, with no reservations.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
4	1	 Dr. Ude is removed and distant.  As someone else said - this is apparently a business for her - not about caring and compassion.  I don't think she really give a****, so it makes it difficult to trust.  	5	2	3	4	Insurance:ProvidencePaid/Co-pay:N/A
4	1	 Dr. Ude is extremely intelligent and has a tremendous amount of insight.  My father is a psychologist and so I have been able to manipulate therapists in the past.  I can't manipulate her which actually leads to my development.  I don't always leave my sessions feeling GREAT about myself, but I view that as the benefit of having a therapist that pushes me outside of my comfort zone and encourages me to grow.  I appreciate the sessions I spend with Dr. Ude and am happy that I found her on my first try.  	5	5	4	5	Insurance:Kaiser-PermanentePaid/Co-pay:N/A
4	-1	commentsHorrible experience!  I found Dr. Ude to be condescending, critical, arrogant and rude.  After several sessions she complained that I never had anything &quot;positive&quot; to say during therapy -- I was seeing her after a traumatic event in my life and didn't HAVE anything positive to say!  I didn't know I was there to say positive things -- I was trying to deal with very serious issues.  I finally just stopped going to her and found a much better therapist.  I would NEVER recommend Dr. Ude.  She is a strange duck. 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	 I have seen Dr. Ude for about 12 visits for depression.  I find her empathetic and attentive to my issues.  She has a lot of insight and helpful hints which have helped me to gradually improve.  She is polite and sensitive.  I read the other comments and wonder if they are talking about the same doctor that I saw.  She was recommended by another provider that I saw [and loved], but lost that insurance so needed to find someone else.  I would highly recommend her.  The comment that she doesn't take a break between patients was true: but then again, she took extensive notes when we were talking, so unsure why she would need a break.  She has helped me a lot and I am very glad that I chose her as a therapist.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:TricarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
4	-1	 Very Rude and talks down to her patients.  I would not make an appointment if I were you.  	5	3	1	1	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:N/A
4	1	 as a couples therapist we are very impressed. we have never left her office without feeling like it was worth the visit. is very professional and seems to have a practical and logical answer for our problems. also seems to understand the undertone of what we say very quickly and accurately which helps a great deal in communicating with her. i rate her very highly.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:$15
4	1	.  ok, rather impersonal - clock watcher seems more like a business than really caring about the person 	5	3	3	4	Insurance:ProvidencePaid/Co-pay:N/A
4	-1	commentsWe paid almost 700 for her to be disrespectful, not very compassionate and unprofessional. My counselor made SEVERAL attempts to contact her and she never replied I had to make a visit JUST TO TALK TO HER. Her staff was very nice but I would not go back to her if I can help it. 	4	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	 Horrible, absolutely horrible. Offered no help at all and was very crtical not only of me, but of my religous background as well. She broke other patient's confidentiality more than once, and on one occassion spent my appointment time asking for my input & opinion on a situation another patient of her's was dealing with. After most visits I left feeling like crap and crying from her cruelty and insensitivity.  	4	5	1	3	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
4	1	commentsDr. Ude counseled us as a married couple. She was extremely empathetic but practical in her advice. I also went to see her later to deal with depression and she was equally helpful with that. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	commentsMaybe I caught doctor on  a bad day. The report she gave me was not helpful, and spoke of me as though I was not competent enough to understand the struggles I face. Rather than reporting from a point of understanding, and consideration of the trust I gave her, the doctor wrote a report from a judgmental standpoint. She indicated that I needed to be aware of my problems, and I believe coming to her shows that I am. It seemed that in her report, she recommended easy ways out such as medication, which I have had bad experience with. I indicated that I had health concerns about the medications prescribed by psychiatrists, and I preferred to use herbal remedies. It didn't seem to sit well with her. I think that showed on her report, as she really didn't have much nice to say about me at all. Hope the next person has a better experience. I don't really want to see this one again. 	3	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	commentsDr. Uphoff is fantastic, always spends time with patients, answers any question that I have concerns about. He has been my physician for over 15 years and I wouldn't go to anyone else. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	commentsDr. Uphoff is a thorough and knowledgeable man. He takes the time to explain fully every diagnosis and is helpful in making you understand your options. The clinic-Portland Family Practice has grown and moved several times over the last 20 years-a testament to fine doctors and treatment. 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	 Stay away from this so-called &quot;Doctor&quot;.  He is part of the Kaiser-on-the-job (Occupational Medicine) FRAUD. He does not listen. He declared me medically stationary without any diagnostic evidence, even after I told him that I  had made significant progress and needed more appointments. As a direct result of his inappropriate work, I was removed from further SAIF treatment.   He even participated in preventing reimbursement of a Chiropractor that made me well after &quot;Dr.&quot; Ushman blocked further SAIF treatment.  	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Workers CompPaid/Co-pay:N/A
23	-1	 I agree with all previous ratings on this Dr. He absolutly does not listen. But then, neither does Kaiser Compliance Department. It is all together obvious they are in it for the money.  	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Kaiser-PermanentePaid/Co-pay:N/A
23	-1	 He does not listen to you completely.  I feel like he made up his mind what was wrong with me and never deviated from his opinion.  I am still suffering and I feel stuck.  It was not until he had another Doctor fill in while he went on vacation that I got  referred to have an MRI.  I am frustrated.  He is nice though.  I don't have any personal issues with this Doctor.  	4	4	1	3	Insurance:Kaiser-PermanentePaid/Co-pay:N/A
23	0	comments 	4	4	1	5	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	 Dr. Utterback is one of the worst doctors I have ever been to, he was unable to give me the latest information on my diagnosis, I knew more than he did about it, and when he preformed a &quot;routine procedure&quot; the messed up so bad I had to go to a specialist in San Antonio, not to mention you would wait 3 hours or longer for an appointment and I was billed for appointments that I didn't even have. The staff was horrific they were rude and ignored you while they sat and chated with one another.  	2	1	2	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$20
33	-1	comments 	4	5	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	 Absolutely fantastic. I recommended many family and friends to Matt. Everybody has had a great experience. I have yet found anybody that does not think he is the best. I have used Matt for about 5 years or so and I can't think of a better doctor.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:ProvidencePaid/Co-pay:N/A
35	1	 DR Upshaw is great I have recomended him to all of my friends and family and found out that many of them already his patients.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
35	1	 Dr. Upshaw was very personable.  I am an RN and appreciated his collaborative approach to my medical issue.  I feel he is very knowledgable and was thorough in his assessment.  After this appointment, he will be my new PCP.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
35	1	 Great doctor, up to date on current research. Personable. Not anything like the last reviewer. I have been seeing Dr. Upshaw since early in his practice.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$95
35	-1	commentsI felt rushed through my appt. I do not feel that my problem was addressed. Based on the 2nd and 3rd opinions that I received, I was treated with an unneccessary medication. When I contacted his office, I felt that they were unconcerned, and unwilling to acknowledge my concerns. I wouldn't return 		1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
49	-1	commentsDisappointing.  Did nothing to help my son.  Not proactive. 	2	5	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	 We love Dr. Unger.  He is very friendly with our kids, talking to them directly. They LOVE him, and are always glad to see him whenever we need to take them in. I recommend &quot;Dr. Jimmy&quot; to everyone who has a infant or young child.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
51	-1	comments 	4	1	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
