dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Well inform medically with good bedside manner.  I am a Registered Nurse with extensive medical background.  I am very pleased with Dr. Q.  Always friendly and makes me and hubby feel at home.  Takes the time to go over medical condition and makes sure you understand them.  Staff is courteous and friendly. No long wait period if any.   Great choice for the whole family! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Dr. Quigley is very knowledgeable,  professional, and caring. If you are willing to put forth the effort, the Dr. will help guide you to where you need to go. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr. Qui is caring and excellent at what she does. Her staff is wonderful, too. She really listens to her patients and if she does not know an answer, she will tell you so. Then she will research the issue to find an answer for her patients.  I would give her a 10, if I could.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Dr. Qiu is knowledgeable, up to date medically.  She is a respected physician, a respected researcher with a PhD in molecular genetics in addition to her MD, and post doctoral work in that field.  Plus she's a very pleasant person, multilingual and someone you will trust the first minute you meet her.  	4	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Dr. Qiu has been my doctor for many, many years and has been extremely helpful to me for numerous conditions. She is very knowledgeable, thorough, and caring. I have complete confidence in her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Nothing but good things to say about this dr.  Detailed and thorough 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	She is kind, respectful, and most of all thorough. I always know that she is going to be very careful in her treatment--I can't say enough how wonderful she is. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	I highly recommend Dr.Qiu. She is a very nice and caring doctor. She's definitely know her stuff. There's a lot of doctors out there who only sees you as a number ($$$$), but Dr.Qiu makes you feel like she's your own personal doctor.  Definitely go to her if you need that medical TLC :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Very knowledgeable about small children/infants and the mother-baby relationship. Gentle and effective with small children. Supportive of extended breastfeeding and up on current research in that area. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	His accent is a little thick but he is very personable and knowledgeable and nice.  I would recommend him. 	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	His accent is a little hard to understand, but he is very personable and nice.  I would recommend him. 	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	Refused to see me after I drove over an hour in sleet and freezing rain because I forgot my checkbook.  	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
6	-1	Dr. Quirk is one of the worst doctors ever.  He didnt find what caused my health issue right away so rather than doing other tests he just swept it under the rug. I am in and out of the emergency room due to my illness and he wont even return my phone calls. He is the most uncaring negligent doctor I have gone to over the past 4 years. I am considering taking legal actions because of his negligence. If you need a GI doctor you're better off seeing a witch dr than this guy. His only concern of his patients is their checkbook. Avoid this doctor at all costs.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	Dr. Quirk is awesome. I have had Crohn's Disease for 40 yrs.  Dr. Quirk found a problem that has been plaguing me for years.  My previous GI Dr. had many years to find this problem but did not.  I recommend Dr. Quirk to everyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
7	-1	I was trying to be proactive regarding my health and Dr. Quinn was very dimissive of my concern. He made comments which made me feel foolish and as though I wasted his time.  	5	5	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	he is very helpful and works with you quite well. been with him about 10 years 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Dr Quinn is a straight forward doctor, but not in a brutal way. He is kind and very considerate of his patients. He takes his time with you and answers all of your questions. He has brought me back from a very sick person and I would recommend him in a heart beat.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Caring Doctor! Has a great Patient - Doctor relationship, and really listens to you.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	Dr Quon is the best radiation oncologist. He was recommended to me by my surgeon. He is caring &amp; very knowledgeable. He was at U of Penn and now he's at Johns Hopkins.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	Dr. Quon is the best!  How fortunate I have been to be in his care.  Patient, kind, caring a  brilliant doctor.  He is so dedicated to curing people.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	This doctor is concerned and caring about his patients and about increasing his medical knowledge. He is willing to go the extra and to take time for your questions. He is very good in his field, intelligent and innovative, but not arrogant as some specialists get. Good sense of humor. Staff is friendly and helpful.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	-1	This doctor was assigned with Dr. Goren when I was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes at age 11.  His partner lifted my gown and looked at my private parts.  I was 11!  At worst, this is malpractice.  At best, as they didn't say a word to me, it's horrible bedside manner.  Later, neither could address issues I had with weight or controlling my diabetes.  Be wary.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	-1	Each appointment they have you waiting at least an hour. One time they kept me waiting 2 and a half hours. The last two time there were two other people besides me scheduled for the same appointment time. Very unorganized, they never have my lab work. It seems like they are trying to make as much money as they can by over scheduling people. The doctor tries to rush you out the door and doesn't address all your concerns. I would not recommend him.  	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
12	1	 	4	2	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
