dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	commentsHe is the best GI doctor in Camp Hill!  He listens to you patiently with great insight to your GI issues.  I credit him for his diagnosis and saving my life.  He's helped me get my life back after being being sick.  Although you may wait a while until you actually see Dr. Lacey at an appointment, it is definitely worth while.  He will spend as much time as needed with you during your appointments.  He has been a great help over this past year.  I recommend him to anyone I know with GI issues. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	commentsThe best in all..great listener..and is very compassiomate...he is also a attentive and good diagnostition 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	 Excellent physician and diagnostician. Is very respectful of patient and patient's feelings.  Recommend highly! 		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	-1	.   	5	5	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	-1	 Wow.  No bedside manner.  Wants everything done her way, on her schedule.  Wanted to induce at 37 weeks for early dilation (I went to 41+ weeks, went into labor naturally, and had an 8 hour start to finish labor).  Told horror stories about crack babies born to unwed teenage moms to try to get me to agree to induction.  Actually said &quot;You better make sure you have a turkey baster and that your husband has read up on homebirth&quot; when I declined.  Horrible lady.  	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Tricare
33	1	 I took my daughter to several physicians.  She is 14 yrs. old.  I decided to let her choose her doctor.  She was very uncomfortable with the doctors we saw before seeing Dr. Lachtman.  They were rude and did not speak to her.  When we saw Dr. Lachtman he spoke directly to my daughter and made her feel very comfortable.  My daughter decided that he was the surgeon she wanted to operate on her.  I was very happy with her decision as I felt comfortable with him also.  Dr. Lachtman has a wonderful bedside manner.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
33	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	.  The most intelligent, caring, and helpful doctor I have ever met! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
41	-1	 This was the rudest Dr. I have ever encountered. Her English is very poor. She had a horrible bedside manner, and treated me with absolute disrespect. I left the ER feeling worse than I did when I arrived.  I can only say that I would suggest looking elsewhere! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	 Very friendly doctor and staff.  Dr. Lachman is also good with children.  I highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
76	1	commentsVery to the point and on task. I prefer to see him versus the other doctors in the practice. Made my delivery a breaze. 	3	3	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	 Fantastic Doctor who is genuinely concerned about his young patients. Very helpful for new parents and takes the time to answer ALL questions. This practice is fantastic.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:UPMC
77	1	 Very thorough and caring.  		5	5	5	Insurance:UPMCPaid/Co-pay:$10
87	-1	commentsVery rude and arrogant, no personality, not helpful or friendly and does not tell you information. Blames you for how you're feeling. Honestly a waste of time- and I never give poor ratings. 	3	5	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	commentsAwesome! That's all I have to say! Amazing. He knew exactly what I needed. Paid/Co-pay:$125	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	 Dr. JOe is one of the most personally caring, trusted doctors, I have ever come into contact with. He is very loving and kind and is great with our whole entire family.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
94	-1	commentsI have been a patient of Dr. Joe's for 7 years. I went in one day and when he realized that he can't fix my back, he told me that he didn't want to see me anymore. 	5	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	 I have been going to Dr. Joe for quite a few years. I find him to be very accessible, knowledgable, courteous, and non-judgmental. I even followed him to Delaware rather than switch doctors. Knowing his busy schedule I make of point of scheduling my appts for his last one of the night whenever possible.  srl 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$5
94	-1	 Dr. Joe is always rushed and not very accessible. His office has incorrectly billed my insurance company twice by using the wrong codes.  	1	3	2	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	 I have been a patient of Dr. Joe for many years, he has always been professional, curtious, through and caring to me and to my many friends. He is a great doctor and I trust my health to him . VAM 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
94	-1	commentsDr. Joe is so out of touch.  He put me on Xanax for anxiety, knowing I was an addict, and then when my bottle went through the washing machine WITH THE PILLS IN IT, I was told I was drug seeking and could no longer come there.  I then seizured two days later b/c I didn't have the benzo.  This is the same man who wrote in my chart, &quot;Will be on Xanax indefinitely(read forever)&quot;   Thanks a lot Joe! 	5	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
