dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	He isn't great on personality but the man is a great surgeon.  He fixed my shoulder up and everything is great! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Dr. Dailey doesn't have a great personality, but he does great work. My mother, brother and I have all had carpal tunnel surgery performed by him. We have had excellent results and couldn't be more pleased. My mother recommended him to me, then I recommed him to my brother. I would definitely recommend him again. The office is very large and a little overwhelming, but the skill of the doctor is what matters.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	-1	The doctor is arrogant and rude and as a result doesn't listen to the patient.  Follow-up care is very poor.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	We would like to thank you for being such a terrific doctor, making that special difference in both mom's, as well as our life. I think it is in times like this that you learn who your true friends are and you undoubtedly are our hero. The world would be an exceptional place to live if everybody was as compassionate as you are to your patients.  You are among the extraordinary. You answered a special calling to be not only a physician, but an astonishing individual. Your charisma never ceased to amaze me while mom was under your care. You repetitively went above and beyond the scope of your duties to administer superb medical care, and treated not only mom as a patient, but as a lovely, respectful, caring individual. There are no words that can express our gratitude to you and your staff for your prodigious care provided to our mother!  Thank you again for all your support and prayers and most importantly, being such a great friend and doctor.   May God Bless and watch over you, and keep up the good work! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
3	1	Fantastic doctor. I went for a stress test and was fortunate enough to be in Dr. D'Andrea's care. He put me at ease and gave me his full attention. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	I went to see this doctor as a new patient complaining of stomach pain and left side pain.  After ordering some routine new patient type blood work I was told that she would call me if anything showed up and if not she would see me back in 6 months!  UMMM...I came because I was sick...what about the pain and nausea...any ideas.  She can't diagnose without her computer.  She types everything into her computer to check possible diagnosis and beyond that she's at a loss.  I would not recommend her to anyone.  	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	very helpful and gets you in as soon as possible usually the same day. 		5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	After several bad experiences with doctors, Dr.  Davis is a breath of fresh air 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	Caring demeanor.  Relays medical info to patient well and is extremely professional.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	Located a polyp which another doctor had missed.  Carefully explained the results of her examination, discussed alternatives available for treatment, went out of her way to communicate in detail.  The office staff is efficient.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
7	1	Unlike some physicians, this one will spend time talking and explaining things to you.  He is quite knowledgeable and took care of my problems.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	-1	Diagnosed me with ED. I told him I can get an erection and have no morning erections though, which should have ruled out ED and made it something physical. Put me on Cialis and I am only 22...  	5	3	1	3 	Insurance:UPMC
8	1	dr d'auria is a very friendly, knowledgeable,thorough dr. I would not change him for any dr.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
9	-1	. I though he retired 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	-1	This office does not care about bad economic times and healthy children they wanted to terminate my children from the office for a nonpayment of $67 will my husband is lucky to have a job.I have to worry about food on the table,the mortgage and my husband hours getting cut from 48hrs p/wk to 24 hrs p/wk...but they don't care even thought the insurance takes care of the bulk of the visit they need their money...plus the amount was only $40,but they kept adding late fees.they're as bad as credit card companies..greedy  ****s.  	1	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	-1	STAY AWAY, more concerned about money than about my mental health.  Charged me $270 for missing an appointment.  Could not get in touch with her when needed.  Very aggressive about her billing procedures. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	He wont take the time to discuss with your problems...always in a hurry. 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
12	0	He is not a lifetime doctor you want. He is more in a hurry to get your dx. he wont help with your job papers like fmla or labor dept, when your job requires it. 	5	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Courteous, helpful, knowledgeable, excellent 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	I have been looking for an eye doctor for years.  My kids see her and my parents just adore her.  She is a very caring doctor.  she fitted my son in contact lenses and was very patient with him.  She was relentless until my son felt comfortable with taking the contact lenses home.  I recommend her to all the children in Newtown.   She is the best 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
14	1	I have seen Dr. D'alessandro for years.She identified an eye problem I didn't know I had during a routine eye exam and sent me to a specialist immediately. Then she called me to make sure I was okay. I was very impressed. She is very professional and helpful.  I trust her for my eye exams for myself and my family.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Dr. D'Alessandro was incredibly helpful. Not only does she continue to assist me in my troubles, but I have heard she is doing whatever she can to help her patients. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Doctor is on time and is very helpful.  My famly adores her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
14	-1	Rude, unprofessional, and answered her cell phone during my first visit.  When I showed up for my next appointment, I waited for well over 30 minutes.  She came out, saw a walk-in patient she knew (or friend of hers) and asked that person to come back.  When the receptionist advised her that I had an appointment and was waiting, this was ignored.  I walked out.  	3	1	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
15	1	excellent physicians! no c/o with their professionalism/knowledge...etc. however their office receptionist and whoever does their phone scheduling is rude, unfriendly, extremely unprofessional. def shouldn't be working in that environment. might be more suited for anything unrelated to the public.  	1	3	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	Dr. Ellen Dailey has been my doctor for 20 years and I trust her with everything that I am. She was extremely helpful with my pregnancies. When I had issues getting pregnant...she was the one who helped us find the correct solution. I am blessed to have her in my corner. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	What can I say. I have been seeing Dr. Dailey since I was 20 years old. Because of the strong HX of BC in my family, she started ordering mammagrams early on and was the one that detected the small lump in my breast when I was in my early 40's. She scheduled me for a surgeon that day and I feel that due to her high quality of care and attention, she probably saved my life.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
15	1	Dr. Dailey is great!  New office is amazing. Efficient staff and most importantly, an experienced, caring physician to oversee personal health issues.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	-1	The very large staff serves to insulate the patient from the physician without being helpful (directing patients through the maze of the office, telling them that they will need a secret ID to access test results). Therefore the physician always appears clueless about the patient since reading the chart is never done before the doctor enters the room and not even then unless insisted by the patient. This office should stick with pap smears and breast exams because everything else seems to confound the physician.  Of course, you will never know the results of either test! 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	-1	The doctor was clueless why I scheduled the appointment, did the basic yearly exam and would have sent me packing if I hadn't insisted that she call my PCP and request the labs that had already been completed. The staff tells you to go to another part of the maze-like office/lab and you end up lost. If you are able to find the front desk again (staff certainly won't direct you) you will find out that you are missing some important paperwork that the last staff never gave you and you will later find out never existed. The office employs a huge staff that are trained to insulate the Dr. from any but the most unavoidable contact with the Dr... which is probably why she is clueless about her patients.  	2	4	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	-1	Office staff is unpleasant, unhelpful. and downright rude.  It takes forever to get a telephone call returned and you NEVER get to speak with the doctor.  Questions and answers are relayed by a nurse and it often takes several telephone calls over the course of several days to have the initial question, and any follow-up questions, answered.  Additionally, a week or two before my last four appointments, I received a telephone call that the appointment needed to be rescheduled...which meant waiting up to another month.  Most recently, I had a CT scan.  The CT tech told me my physician would have the results in three days.  Two weeks later, I still hadn't received a call from the doctor's office.  I called them...three times.  Finally, an appointment was scheduled with the doctor...in six weeks.  A week before that appointment, they called to reschedule, so I would have had to wait another two weeks.  It was then that I had my records transferred to another gynecologist.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	. she is the best, Takes her time and hears what you are saying 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	I have lived in many large cities -- Memphis, Minneapolis, Dallas and Atlanta, but I NEVER had a physician as caring and knowledgeable as Marilyn D'Andrea-Spica.  I have been seeing her for over 20 years and have referred many friends to her.  She makes you feel comfortable and is just such a wonderful person. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Excellent Doctor she spends a lot of time with you and is very good at alleviating your fears.  She is a terrific Dr. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Dr D'Andres Spica is GREAT. I have learned to trust her with all my Medical Needs. She takes the time to get to know you as a person and listens to what ails you. She also will not tell you just what you want to hear , she is straight up. I LOVE her as my DR. I feel very fortunate that I have have her in my corner assisting me with my medical problems.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
16	1	Dr. D'Andara-Spica is a compassionate and competent physician who really listens to her patients. When I went to Dr.Dandrea-spica, I had been sick for some time and didn't know why. Every step of the way, Dr. D'Andare-Spica was on board helping me discover the source of the problem. A few months, some tests, and a surgical procedure later, I've never felt better. I really appreciate and value the quality care I received from her along with her personable and style. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	She listens very well, takes time to talk to the patient and is very concerned. She does not push pills, but is willing to suggest alternatives. She doesn't just throw out a solution to the problem but will take time to consider the alternatives with the patient's history in mind.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
17	1	Wonderful bedside manner. Truely takes his time listening to his patients.  He doesnt rush you through a visit to get to the next patient. If you ask a question he gives you an answer then will let you ask anything else to help you understand. I would recommend him to anyone who needs to trust in a doctor or the medical profession.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	-1	This doctor needs to be avoided at all times!!  He made me come in for an office visit over 10 times to ask me if anything has changed for him to refill my prescription!!  I had to pay a co-pay and 5 times I didn't have insurance, and had to pay an office visit for him to ask me if anything has changed.  I waited over 45 minutes multiple times to see him to tell him nothing has changed for him to refill my pills!!  Unbelievable, yeah I thought the same thing multiple times.  He never ran any tests or anything, completely unhelpful, and costed me thousands of dollars in the past few years just to refill my pain medication, which is only vicodin 750mg.   STAY AWAY AT ALL COSTS 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	very caring doctor!  great with the whole family.  My Son loves him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	-1	Dr. Dash is a mess. I finally get in to see him and he said that he was going to remove one tooth with this visit. He asked me to lay back to inject the numbing medication and did not warn me that four shots were coming. I was only expecting one in the back of my mouth. Anyway on the 3rd injection I started to show some discomfort and he specifically said quote &quot;Who taught you how to scream like that&#63; Suck it up and take the pain.&quot; He then sent me out to the waiting room for 10 minutes so the medicine would kick in. After 10 minutes had passed my mouth was in no way numb enough to get a tooth pulled. From his prior ignorance I knew he would not give me more medication. So I decided not to do it and ran for the elevator. I knew this man was trouble when he came in the room. I was not about to let me hurt me which seems like it was on his mind to do.  FIND ANOTHER DOCTOR! IF YOU WANT TREATED KINDLY AND RESPECTED DURING YOUR PROCEDURE.  	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
19	0	This doctor (now working in Allentown, PA) said he would call back after cancer surgery but never did.  Office staff members were rude and helpful only after a lot of effort to obtain information. 	2	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Best Pediatrician around!  Love this guy.   He is very intelligent, friendly, great with the kids and knows his stuff!  Wish I were a child! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	My daughter is a handful and she has had alot of sicknesses since she was born because of daycare.  She screams and cries when she goes to the doctor, but he is so patient with her.  I am very pleased with them.  If she ever gets sick and I need to bring her in quickly, they always are there.  Awesome practice.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Dr. Darowish has the best combination in a doctor--he has many years of experience but he continues to stay abreast of current medical issues. He's very gentle with the kids, has a very calm demeanor which makes him very well received with children, especially the youngest children. I am very comfortable with him and have always felt like my children have received the best care when they've seen him. I highly recommend him. Be warned, though. The practice is VERY busy. I wish they'd add another doctor to their practice.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	I have 3 children and I've been pleased with every visit to this office.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
21	1	Probably one of the best Peds in the area.  Hes been around for years but keeps up on all the new medical ideas and suggestions.  Always makes my daughter feel comfortable and diagnoses have been spot on.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	Dr. Damani really cares about her patients.  I really like the way she talks to my daughter and I like the way she talks to me.  She is very knowledgeable and willing to discuss treatments.  She never pushes expensive pharmaceuticals.  On the downside her waiting area is crowded with no separation between sick and well. 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	I recommend Dr D'Andrea to everyone who is looking for a doctor in her specialty and would state she is the best specialist I have seen. What I also appreciated was that when I was in extreme pain right before Christmas and out of work, another Specialist wouldn't see me for almost 2 months but Dr D'Andrea took me that week. She also understood my pain and made a point to come in to the Hospital the day before Christmas Eve just to try to elevate my pain by doing an injection.  I know this woman juggles a myriad of patients and responsibilities yet she goes the extra mile when she sees someone in need. The only reason I put a 4 rating on punctuality was because your wait may be longer than expected but that I believe is due to fitting in those emergency clients et al (Just like I was right before Christmas).   She is the BEST!!! I think I still owe her a Kate Spayd purse that I said I would get her once I could walk around again:) 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
23	1	After seeing 3 specialists one of them a top rated spinal surgeon in North America, Dr D'Andrea was the only one who spotted a congenital defect. It was however a very lengthy process before she would do the surgery but I respected the decision to cover all the bases before proceeding with a complicated and dangerous procedure.  I would recommend her to anyone but beware she has a surgeons bedside mannor! 	5	3	4	5 	Insurance:Aetna
23	0	Very dispassionate practice. Benign neglect in terms of patient comfort/pain management. Totally devoid of empathy. Treats pain medication like it's an evil to be avoided and has no capacity for coping with anything outside of their programmed process.  Your needs are an inconvenience for them. I truly wish that doctor D'Andrea falls into a situation just like mine, with someone just like her dictating her level of suffering, I want her to feel like her exquisite pain is a personal problem, and for her to have no &quot;professional courtesy&quot; afforded her by her peers. Let the practitioner, who she seeks healing from, leave her in a prison of pain ..all without concern.  Essentially she appeared to have a problem with pain meds.  She did not, however, offer alternative drugs nor refer me to a pain management specialist. I was treated like I was a drug addict.  She withheld needed meds, then acted suspect of drug seeking behavior.   I find her to have a philosophically indefensible disopostion 	1	5	1	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	Staff is rude and never on time with results.. not good to be late on health issues..  	1	2	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	I have been with Dr. Davis for many years and have Loved working with him and his staff. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	Staff always screwed up delivering my lab results and explaining them to me.  Refused to see my son for a chronic gag/vomiting problem and was pretty rude about it- that was the final straw!  The dr has been semi-retied for YEARS, you'll hardly ever see an actual dr here.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:UPMC
24	-1	went to get second opinion and the office called our home and said you are no longer a patient here after 15 years of going there they said it was there policy on anybody going to get a second opinion not to be accepted back as a patient. I am 65 years old now i am put in the position  to find a new family doctor,stay away from this doctor 	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Medicare
25	1	I thought she was tough but good and had your best interest at heart.  My friend is a nurse in her department and says she has an excellent reputation in the hospital for her surgical skills and her patient care 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	I was referred to sandra by a friend.I am a very tough no **** kinda person.From the day we stepped into her office this was clear.I recieved nothing but the best quality of work and help.I even let her decide my surgery. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	the best OB I ever went to. She delivered already my fourth baby and we have a long standing relationship.  would highly recommend her 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
25	-1	As a former patient of Dr. Dayaratna, I, too, found her manner to be very condescending.I have a feeling that she has no interest in caring for &quot;older&quot; patients( by &quot;older&quot;, I mean, a patient that is not pregnant). 		2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Helpful but unwilling to use advanced options to uncover chronic issues.  		4	3	4 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
25	0	I found her manner to be very condescending. 		4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	. Absolutely the best and most caring dr I have ever had! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	Dr Daniel has been fantastic! When I see him for pregnancy he is very patient and never rushes me. He makes sure he answers all my questions and has a great personality. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Dr. Davis is an amazing doctor who truly cares for his patients.  He has a true interest and never rushes.  However, his staff is rude, abrupt and sometimes interferes with the doctor/patient relationship.  	2	3	4	4 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
28	1	Dr, Darbenzio takes his time and explains everything to me during appointments. He makes me feel at ease and isn't hurried. He does not 'make' you buy new glasses if they aren't needed. He is a very patient doctor and is very knowledgable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	He is a great doctor and did a great job.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	not really pleased, bedside manner could be improved. 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Dr. D'Andrea has been my denist since 1998.  I have always been pleased with his care of my teeth.  He has suggested all the work necessary to keep my teeth and gums healthy, without pushing cosmetic denistry.  His rates are reasonable. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	POOR QUALITY WORK, RUDE, LATE.  NEVER AGAIN..GOING TO A QUALIFIED DENTIST NEXT TIME.  HAD TO SEE A ROOT CANAL SPECIALIST TO REPAIR HIS MISTAKES! 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Have been going to Dr. D'Andrea for many years.  He has always been professional, knowledgable, and has always done excellent work for me and my family. 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	Poor quality dentistry.  Fillings fall out. very rough with patients.  Had a medical problem which caused him blindness in one eye.  Was a crappy dentist before that now... forget it!  Treats his staff with disrespect.  Equiptment is old, cheap and broken. Go to a real dentist stay away from this loser. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
31	0	I've spent most of the morning calling this doctor to find out whether or not she is accepting new patients.  After listening to the long list of phone options, someone answers and asks if they can put you on hold (no chance to ask the question).  The hold time is too long.  This happened every time I called so I've given up. 	2	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Dr Davidson is absolutely amazing,his staff is great...totally focused on our child.He speaks to my daughter as an equal, making sure she is always included in all decisions made.He has performed 4 surgeries,lengthening her right leg and straightening her right ankle. I agree,we often have a long wait, but I try to remember when he spends extra time with us,and someone else has to wait......everything is relative. Dr Davidson and his staff go above and beyond to make sure my daughter is comfortable with her condition, and that we are clear on her treatment.I would recommend him to anyone and everyone.  We are so very lucky to have found him! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
32	-1	Bad bedside manners. He was late coming the room, spent 5 mins with us if that. He then proceeded to turn my daughter's legs and then proceeded to turn mine in and said &quot;it's hereditary, there's nothing we can do&quot;. Never watched her walk. He doesn't really respect the child or the opinion of the parents. We now go to see another orthopedic surgeon in the practice, who spends more time with us and answers our questions and concerns and also did x-rays to see what is going on. This is something Dr Davidson never did.  	4	2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	The Pro: I strongly believe he acts in the best interest of the patient, in this case our son. And he's quite knowledgeable. The Cons: However, there is this feeling that he doesn't really respect the child or the opinion of the parent. He comes across a bit condescending. In the first visit with our son he was so rough, we didn't want to come back. The second time, he was much better, but still failed us to convince as a doctor who can relate. Waiting time seems too long for a well organized office and number of patients.  	4	2	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
32	-1	He was very late. He spent about 5 minutes in the room and that includes the time he took to do his dictation...yes he did his dictation with us standing there. He did not want to see my daughter walk even though she was there for hypotonia and problem with the hips down. He started to write a script for braces. I asked him a simple question that was asked of me by a PT who saw my daughter just for an eval. He flipped out, tore up the script he was writing and rambled on about how we have to make the PT happy and he's tired of the PTs. I was blown away by his behavior. I tried to tell him I was simply asking but wanted what was best for her. I just wanted to know why her suggestion wasn't the best. When I called to make an appointment with somebody else because of his behavior she told me it's not uncommon for people to wait hours for him. I have a friend that uses him and she says she has to &quot;hold him down&quot; sometimes. I can't stand the man. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Great doctor. Friendly with kids. I wouldn't take my son to any other doctor. 	 8/21/07	4	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	I've gone to Doctor Daniels for years, and he and his staff are among the most pleasant people to have around. They make it a pleasant experience and do a wonderful job. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	good 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	The staff was very knowledgeable and friendly.  Dr. Daniel's exam was very thorough and my vision with these new contacts is better than its ever been.  I highly recommend this doctor and this practice.  She's also great with kids.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
34	-1	This practice charges you $60 just to evaluate what your contact lens prescription should be. This is over and above what they charge your insurance for the actual exam. When I decided not to purchse my son's contacts from this physician, she picked up the pair of contacts that she had already placed in my son's eyes and threw them in the trash. She knew that his vision had declined, yet she felt comfortable disposing of a pair of perfectly good lenses. She was rude and arrogant in her mannerisms and I was very disappointed. 	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Very good doctor. Dr. Damewood cares for his patients and returns calls appropriately. He is straight and direct, but very helpful and knowledgeable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	Dr. Damewood is thorough and precise. He is a brilliant surgeon. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Dr. D'Antonio is a wonderful Orthopedic surgeon. My husband had both his hips replaced by Dr. D. and never had a problem with either surgery. His right hip is over 7 years old and barely shows no wear at all. Dr. D's hip don't pop out, probably because they are put in correctly in the first place. Surgery, this time around was virtually pain free. Dr. D. is a pioneer in his field and is always on the cutting edge of new technology. I would gladly recommend him to anyone.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	i absolutely love dr.davis. i've been his patient for 28 years. he delivered both of my babies.  He is the BEST! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	Doctor Davis is the most wonderful doctor!  His nurse Roseanne is also wonderful. I have been going to him for over 30 years and his compassion and knowledge are unsurpassed by any other physician in the surrounding community.  His nurse is heaven sent! Followup care is very important with this doctor and he ensures you receive the best! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	I love this guy. What a sweet, humble person he is. Great doctor, so caring! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	-1	office staff very unfriendly, very rude, won't let you speak to the doctor, he makes them take the information and then makes them return the call.  the doctor is very unfriendly as well.  	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	-1	Dr. Davis was inpatient, rude, arrogant and condescending. I had chronic problems with my sinuses and recurrent tonsillitis. He looked into my nose and down my throat. Told me he doesn't see anything unusual and that if I still had problems to go back to my family doctor, and have him figure out what was wrong with me. He then rushed me out the door, as if he had better things to do with his time. I scheduled an appointment with one of the other doctors in the same office (Dr.Belser), who not only was very kind and professional, but also immediately scheduled an appointment to have a cat scan done to see what the problem was. Turns out I not only still had an infection deep within my sinuses, but also had a deviated septum and an 80%  blockage of air flow. Dr. Davis just couldn't be bothered with investigating the problem.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Coventry
39	-1	Dr. Jeff Davis should be called Dr. Do-nothing.  I have Meniere's Disease and did nothing to help me.  Oh, he did bill me.  I would not recommend him.  Went to Jon Isaacson in Hershey much better.  Avoid Dr. Jeff Davis.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	-1	My husband has a serious thyroid condition and we have moved out of state.  He has made an appointment to see another doctor but the earliest that the doctor will make the appointment is in November.  His thyroid medicine runs out in the middle of October.  My husband asked if Dr. Davis could call in a prescription for enough medicine to last until the beginning of Nov. but Dr. Davis refuses to do so without seeing my husband first.  This is not a narcotic medication.  There is no reason to make my husband drive all the way to PA, about a 2 hour drive one day to visit the doctor, then have to go out there the next day to get blood work and again another day so that the doctor can read his blood work.  Makes me think that the doctor just wants the money from the insurance company.  	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	-1	I also was told that I have permanent nerve damage with no hope for recovery--very little time spent in explanation or compassion shown. I was extremely discouraged about my prognosis. I now plan to schedule an appointment with a second physician. Thank you for some encouragement and letting me know that I am doing the right thing in getting a second opinion.  	4	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	-1	spent less than 10 minutes with me and said permanent hearing loss from nerve damage.   went to another doctor who put me on steroids and i am getting better.    took me 3 weeks to get appt also.  poor medical service and treatment. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
39	-1	I was totally misdiagnosed and rushed out. Later diagnosed &quot;correctly&quot; by another local doctor, also a specialist.  		3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
40	0	I've been with this doctor for about a decade.  I've only been able to see him once.  The office always puts me with the PA's that they employ there.  I've really never had a problem until recently.  I needed a general physical to be performed and a simple form to be filled out.  I went in mid-January.  By the end of Feb, I had to contact my employer to find out why I hadn't heard anything.  I found out the form wasn't fully filled out and was sent back to the office Jan 30th with no call from my doctor's office.  I contacted the office on the 27th of Feb, stopped in with a new form on the 28th was assured that the new form would go in the mail on the 29th.  I double-checked on the 29th and was reassured it would go out that day.  Mar 12th I get a call that I needed to come in a THIRD time because they didn't perform all the parts of the physical.  Their office manager KEN screamed at me on the phone, blamed me for THEIR incompetence, and hung up on me.   I will find a new doctor!! 	1	3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	Dr. Davis provides top-notch care and his staff is always friendly helpful and efficient.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	A good family doctor if you can get him instead of another; (I had gotten a PA the first time, but then requested him). As an older person who had not gone to the doctor in quite a while, he arranged for a series of tests (physical and blood) to establish a baseline, and then went from there.  He is a sympathetic listener and takes his time with you.  I don't know if he is accepting new patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	Dr. Davis is a caring gentleman who listens intently to the patient. He treats you as an intellegant human being and invites you to participate in your own health care. I can't think of any doctor who has a better attitude and I have yet to meet anyone of his professional caliber. In a world where I have had doctors consult from the doorway with their hand on the doorknob he is a prince among men/doctors. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Great Doctor, couldn't believe I found someone to take on a new patient without insurance on such short notice! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Dr. Daughtry gave me the most detailed, comprehensive and thorough physical exam I've ever had.  He truly cares. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Dr.Daughtry is the best family doctor that I have ever been to. He is absolutely great. He is a very hard working,dedicated doctor who is very professional and he has great morals,values,and ethics.He is very helpful,friendly,and knowledgable.He also has a great sense of humor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	Dr. Daughtry is an exceptional Doctor. He is truly a healer. He listens. You are never rushed. He truly cares. He offers advice medically, emotionally and on a personal level. If he doesn't have an answer, he'll get one for you. He treats patients as he would his own family. He's open to new ideas. He does not judge you. Has a great sense of humor.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	nice doctor. caring and helpful. wait times can be long.  difficulty getting care after hours/weekends.........must call several times before getting a reeturn call for problems. attribute this to staff not doctor.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
44	1	Part podiatrist, part engineer. He took my issues seriously and explained my options. He fixed my shoes with his own special technique and didn't charge extra for it. He was funny and went out of his way to explain things to me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	Dr. Dahlsgaard is brilliant.  She has a way with children.  She is warm and kind and extremely down to earth and accessible.  Perhaps most importantly she will go above and beyond the call of duty to advocate for her patients.  If your child needs help, you want to see this doctor.  She is simply amazing.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	I have 4 kids, he's always returned our calls promptly, even in the middle of the night! He's great with kids!  Entire staff is great.  He is knowledgable and experienced in his field and prescribes the best care without overreacting or overmedicating.   Patients come first in this office! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	Wonderful Dr. Always returns phone calls promptly no matter what day or time. Easy to get an appointment with.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	Really nice doc!  Very calm and helpful.  Always on time!  Very quick to return any type of phone call, no matter how strange or small! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Awesome pediatrician! The kids and parents trust and love him! He is always available... in the office or by phone! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
47	1	Dr D has been my dentist for years and I go back because he is the best! He transformed the appearance of my mouth which had been neglected for years. Very friendly and understanding...both he and his staff. Very gentle ! More than patient with my insurance company. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Dr Datillo is a great Doctor.He is extremely courteus and thorough with his explanation of the problem. He is very well knowledged about his profession, his feild, and identifies the problem and root cause of the problem.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	Great dentist.........good rapore with patients..really nice person..........does good work 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	He is a great doctor and my orthodontist was not kidding when they told me he was the best in Pittsburgh! He has a wonderful staff, explains everything, answers all of your questions, never rushes you out the door. Highly reccommended! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	He is a very good doctor and will explain everything to you. He is very friendly and has wonderful bedside manners. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	Dr. Daecher is extremely thorough and takes her time with me, the patient, for each visit. She considers all variables (environmental, ecological, etc.) to help make informed decisions, diagnoses, and recommendations.  Her staff person is very friendly and personable.  They are always running on time.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	i went to my doctor 3 times in one week and they could not fix the pain i was having, a co worker told me to go to Dr Daecher.  4 min into my appointment she felt strongly that i had a blood clot.  45min later and ultra sound she was right 4 inch long blood clot.   after a short 5 day stay in the hospital and allot of test Dr Daecher discovered that i have a gene disorder that causes blood clots.  Dr Daecher listened to me a 26 female and my pain.  my (old) doctor claimed muscle ache. she also wanted to know why i had a blood clot and not just fix the current problem. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	Within the past year I started going to Dr. Dappert for dizziness and an abnormal brain MRI. Based off of little evidence she told me she was sure I had MS. I had almost none of the symptoms and she was not able to meet the medical criteria as I had no MS episodes. Nonetheless, she insisted that I should start taking injections and treatments. I argued with her that I did not have MS and she did not have the criteria to diagnose, but she still wanted me to get treatment asap. Finally, I went to an world-known MS center, where they looked at my MRI and said there was almost NO chance I had MS and that I was wise to not trust this doctor. I know doctors make mistakes, but to diagnose someone and begin invasive treatment with almost no facts and not meeting medical criteria is horrible. This has cost me thousands (with insurance) in tests, doctor visits and a lot of stress for myself and my family...all for nothing. I urge you to find a different neurologist.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	0	I found him to be very full of himself.  Not impressed.  Ended up going to the Cleveland Clinic.  	5	3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	Only doctor I've been to that was right on time!  He was very thorough and explained my xrays and condition very well.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	Dr. Davies is an excellent Dr.  When no one else could help me with my problem he did!  He has a wonderful bedside manner and listens to his patients.  I have referred many friends to him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
52	1	Excellent doctor, staff, facility, care, etc. Had surgery done by Dr. Davies in Feb. with better than expected results. Would recommend him and HMC to everyone. Dr. Davies takes the time to answer all questions no matter how minor and always makes you feel comfortable. Very caring professional with an excellent bedside manner.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	Wonderful doctor, very professional and truly cares about his patients.  I trusted him with my surgery and would recommend him to anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	Dr. Davies performed extensive corrective surgery on bladder and a partial uterus suspension. He did excellent job! He is very pleasant and knowledgeable. Really puts patients at ease. He also takes time to explain and answer questions thus he gets a bit behind in his schedule.  It is worth waiting to see him! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
52	1	One of the most caring physician's I have ever dealt with.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	Dr. Davies is an exceptional and knowledgeable physician with a caring disposition. He never made me feel rushed and put me at ease throughout my pregnancy.  I would highly recommend him! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
52	0	I found Dr. Davies to be rather arrogant and rude.  		3	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	Dr. Davies spends quality time with his pts. He is a wonderful and caring person.  Try to get an appt with him and you will see how wonderful he is!! 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	0	Dr. Davies likes to give the impression that he really cares about his patients...I am certain he does about some of them...I just was not one of them...  		3	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	-1	The worst bedside manners I have ever seen. After he operated on me I did not see him until the drain had to come out and then he tells me why was I whimpering when he pulled this off as if I wasn't in pain. After surgery he would not listen to me when I told him I was still in pain and that the pain is worst now. I will never again let this man touch me. I will never again let him cut me open just so he can make some money and leave me hanging with out even at least telling me how the surgery went nothing. Horrible doctor! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	He is very passionate and not money oriented. Doesn't operate if not needed and very upfront. 	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	One of the worst doctors I've ever seen. Unsympathtic, smug and truly did not seem to care about my pain. He told me there was really nothing wrong with me when he had three MRI's in front of him stating I had herniated and buldging discs. His advice to me was to try tylenol or motrin. I would not see this doctor again if my life depended on it 	 4/11/09	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
54	-1	I went into Dr. Davis' office to look at glasses.  Once I picked a pair that I was interested in, I asked the optician for a price estimate.  She conveyed to me that she was too busy to call my provider (while a family member of mine saw her playing Solitaire on her computer) and insisted on calling me with the estimate on my cell phone.  A week passed, I never received a call or voicemail, and later realized that she left a voicemail on my home phone, which she said she could not do due to HIPAA privacy issues.  She then continued to make my glasses without my permission WHATSOEVER.  I confronted the office about it and they had a “leave us alone, we do not care” attitude. Not only did this happen, but they refused to release my records to me which is completely ILLEGAL.  This matter was not resolved. I do not recommend this eye doctor to ANYONE.  Rude, unprofessional, and money hungry. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
55	-1	Charges too much and was late for his appointment 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
56	0	Dr. de Carle is part of a big practice; that may be the reason for my less-than-satisfactory experience as his patient. I often felt as though he had a preconceived idea of who I was and what my problems were, and that he was treating that idea rather than me. He listened, but I'm not sure he very often heard me. On a couple of occasions he ended our sessions abruptly because he &quot;had other patients to see.&quot; He also was reluctant to be very aggressive or proactive in my treatment. My guess is that the constraints and demands placed on him by the practice he works for is the main source of my dissatisfaction.  	5	4	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	Dr. Davis is awesome - he is an excellent doctor who takes his time with his patients and is extremely understanding, thoughtful and helpful. He is a great listener who is very collaborative and cutting edge - My husband, my kids, my siblings and myself all go to him 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	Wonderful doctor! Very knowledgable and helpful! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	CURED my acne!  Put me on an oral antibiotic which was what I needed.  I still have some minor acne (a few mild breakouts) once and a while, but its been about 2-3 years since I was severely broken out.  His bedside manner isn't great, he does come off as extremely intense and in a huge rush, but I'm willing to put up with that because of the results I've had.  You have to wait forever to even get an appointment (typically at least 3-4 months, even if you've seen him before) and then the day of the appointment even if you're a couple minutes early you will wait at least 1-2 hours if not more.  At least its worth it!  Receptionists are somewhat rude as well.  	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	I have been seeing Dr. Dallas-Feeney for about one year.  She is the most compassionate doctor I have ever seen.  She is knowledgeable and open minded...truly practicing integrative medicine. She had me perform at home tests which revealed certain difficiencies and then treated them.  I haven't felt this good in years!! May God keep her in his care.  We need more doctors like her.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	I have Been seeing Susan for over 20 years she is the best doctor around she will sit and listen and go out of her way to find the problem and get you pointed in the right direction.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	0	the office staff is rather slow and not able to properly send over prescriptions to mail order pharmacy. One time the secretary left the wrong dosage for a medication on my voicemail. I expressed my concern to the doctor and well she was very dismissive about my concern.  They also don't have their files oraganized well. Constant need to follow up on stuff that they are supposed to do. 	1	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	I went to her after being told my cortisol levels were high. When i got there she said it was from my b.c. pill, which my obgyn disagrees with. However, she told me that my thyroid felt enlarged and told me to get an ultrasound.  She said she would call personally with the results. After calling twice, the receptionist told me it came back normal. My doctor pulled those results 8 months later and it said it was enlarged and should be followed. I had it redone last month and it grew more. Obviously, she doesn't read her test results and her office staff doesn't either! 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	NEVER AGAIN! First off I had to pay $350 up front (I usually don't have any co-pay) because she does not trust insurance companies. They told me I would have to file the claim with my insurance company not them! Leaving me to guess what all the medical code would be. Then I had to wait over an hour before I saw her. She talked way over my head and way too fast to even try to understand. She told me I was chubby and that she didn't understand why I was even there to see her (I kid you not!) Even though my labs said there was an issue she dismissed me and I ended up back at my GP for help. Unprofessional with horrible bed side manner does not even begin to explain it.  I've lived all over the US and Europe and have NEVER had that kind of treatment! 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
61	0	I quite honestly don't know whether to rate her good or bad. while she is knowledgeable in her field, I feel like she has not truely listened to me in the past 2 years. Yes she is very good a noting my symptoms but after almost 2 years of treatment I'm getting worse not better. On top of that in the past two years I have NEVER once gotten a phone call regarding my testing results. She is a very nice lady, and I like her alot, but not as my Doctor.  	4	1	4	2 	Insurance:Tricare
61	1	Dr D is the best!!  She gets back to you within 2 days with test results & she calls you personally.  That is rare nowadays.  She takes her time with you & answers all your questions & never makes you feel stupid for asking.   Her husband Dr Bigdeli is also great!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
61	1	I've lived in many different states and have seen several doctors, but Dr. D is exeptional. She is not only caring and polite in her manners, accurate in her diagnosis, but she truly cares about me and my family! She even remembered about my sons wedding and made a point to ask me about him everytime I came in. She is also very good looking. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	VERY GOOD DOCTOR, ON TIME AND WILL TAKE TIME WITH YOU. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	she is a great doctor, listener, and very good looking ;) 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	She was very professional, she knew what she was talking about. She explained my situation and my options very clearly and answered all my questions as though they mattered. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	My waiting time to see the Dr. was over 45 min. each time I went to see her. Then she would rush thru the office visit and every symptom I had was passed over as if it didn't pertain to my illness, although it did. Would not recommend anyone seeing her. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	very good doc 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	After 12 years of illness and many bad doctors, Dr. D has taken exceptionally good care of me! Finally, someone who is knowledgeable, caring and clearly a very fine doctor. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	Best Psychologist I've worked with.  Only ceased treatment due to moving 3 states away.  Truely an amazing clinician.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	Dr. Davidson is kind, competent and respectful to his patients and staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	DR DAVIDSON IS KIND AND CARING AND A DEVOUT CATHOLIC, TAKES TIME TO LISTEN TO HIS PATIENTS AND HAS A SUPERB STAFF.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	. I am looking for a new orthopedic dr my said that dr dahmus is good 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:UPMC
64	1	Dr Dahmus did my initial hip replacments in '98 &amp; '99. He performed a revision of my right hip on 3/29/12. I find him very thorough and precise. Responded quickly to concerns I had. If you want a warm &amp; fuzzy surgeon, well that's not Dr Dahmus. I needed a surgeon to accurately diagnose and fix a problem, he did quickly and effectively, and he responded immediately to all my questioons (I had lots) both before and after these three surgeries. Very efficient office staff. His staff was very good about arranging for presurgery testing and insurance approvals. They kept me fully informed all the way. Surgery in all 3 cases was when I wanted it and done very professionally. He doublechecks - example from just before my '98 surgery. Was lying there on the gurney in the hallway half awake when he started asking the nurse if I received .... and started rattling off a whole list of things. Found one they missed one. He's thorough. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	Completely agree with the other rating here.  He misses seeing things that are wrong and he's not interested in finding out, even when the patient points out where a problem may lie, he ignores the concern.  This led, in my case, to something of a near-disaster which was only averted because I went to a different doctor.   I would not recommend him.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	-1	This doctor has repeatedly misdiagnosed my Son and because of this he had to have major surgery performed by a much more competent doctor. he also misdiagnosed my wife with having a strained muscle in her back when she in fact had two blown discs and had to have 2 back fusions after being correctly diagnosed by a different doctor. Acts as if you are a bothering him by being in his office.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	1	Very straight forward and honest with his patients. Dr. Daley is very professional and mixes friendship with his clients.  Never a bad visit, and he's always very caring.  Best eye doctor I've ever been too.   That's why I still see him ever year! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	Very knowledgeable and helpful.  Took his time with me. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	Dr. Daniels is the best doctor I have ever seen. He spends a lot of time with patients, (which sometimes causes his appointments to run late), listens to all problems, explains options and tests, and he will find you answers. His office is a little dingy, but the service definitely makes up for it. I highly recommend him to anyone who needs a urologist.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	Dr. Davies removed 2 of my wisdom teeth.  I was so nervous going into the procedure but she made me feel at ease and it has recovered nicely since then.  I would highly recommend her to anybody that is in need of an oral surgeon.  She is so knowledgeable about her field and is a caring person as well.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:UPMC
69	-1	Avoid at all costs!!! Prescribed wrong med dose for my mom despite us questioning it.. Continued her on it for a month, repeated blood work and prescribed wrong dose again. We contacted him after she suffered serious side effects, at which time his NURSE, not him, said, that she 'thought' he should have been adjusting the med the other way. He never admitted mistake, never apologized and my mom suffered serious side effects because of him.  	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Davis for years. She is very knowledgable and takes the time to listen. I am never rushed through my appt. She is friendly, never egotistical, and I have found every nurse thus far to be kind and friendly. I have never felt belittled or unimportant at this practice. I have never, in all the years I've been with this practice, had a problem with billing. The last &quot;emergency&quot; visit I had was about two years ago, I called first thing in the morning and reported I was quite sure I had strep throat. I was able to get an appt to be seen that morning. The ONLY problem I should mention is that in Feb. of '09, I had an adverse reaction to a new med I was taking. I called the office as soon as I woke up that morning and found their office hours on their answering machine. I called again the minute their office was supposed to be open, but didn't get an answer for about 30 mins. Possible the office hrs. had changed but the machine wasn't updated.  Definitely recommend! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	0	This is an average doctor's office. Dr. Davis is very friendly but the staff is not very polite. It's almost as though they enjoy and take great pleasure in knowing that you have to do what they say and work around them. They mess up my billing almost everytime I'm there and then refuse to fix it, I have to do it myself. The office has ridiculous hours. They don't answer the phone even when they're in and sometimes the office is open for a full day even though there isn't a doctor on duty. They don't try to fit you in if you call in the morning with a cold or flu. Appointments need to be made at least a month in advance...something I don't understand because a lot of people wake up not feeling well from time to time. I put up with it, however, because I enjoy seeing Dr. Davis. She always takes her time with me and allows me to express all of my concerns. I would be completely satisfied with this doctor's office if only they would hire office help that is more friendly and knowledgable.  	1	2	3	3 	Insurance:Medicare
71	1	I been to this Doctor about 30 times over the years and I must say that I have no trouble with him. He listen to your problems. I believed he has the knowledge to understand everything medically about you or he will do his best to send you to another Doctor if he cannot answer it for you. I give him 10 as a rating and that is the best you can give.  Barry Duncan 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	VERY PERSONABLE, I FEEL COMFORTABLE TALKING WITH HIM 	3	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
71	-1	http://www.attorneygeneral.gov/press.aspx&#63;id=2942. Not helpful, article says it all.  	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	-1	computer didn't function, was unable to view x-rays. pressed extremely hard on a 3 week broken bone. then told me thats the way they did it in the old days, to test for breaks. with knowledge of the bone being broken! very unprofessional in my opinion. very old outdated facility! exam room was approx. 4' x 12' felt like being in a small closet space.  	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Workers Comp
72	-1	DR.Dawson was 45 minutes late, did not greet myself of my husband and did not give us the results of my exam. He refused to give me a business card and did not do a complete exam or ask the approiate questions. When questions were asked  they were answered in ways that only another doctor would understand. After about a fifteen exam Dr. Dawson decided he had see enough and he didn't need to see anymore. When we asked when we would get the results of his exam he told us it would be two to three weeks and we have yet to see any exams results. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
72	-1	The staff was rude.The Doctor was late. The Doctor was arrogant.Was in office 3 minutes. How can a doctor make a determation in that time&#63; 	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Workers Comp
73	1	Dr Davis is a great doctor he is really understanding and caring and actually spends more than a minute with you when you visit. His staff is extremely friendly. There is not a negative thing that I can say about him or his staff. He is the best!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	-1	Pushes many tests...to in turn make his practice profits.  Even unneeded expensive tests.  Rude receptionist.  No reminder phone call.  No explanation on health tests and resolutions other than pushing scripts which again in turn make his practice a profit.  Awful experience.  	1	5	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	This is the best Primary Care doctor my family has ever had.  He has been our doctor and numerous other relatives doctor also.  We all are very pleased with him.  He is easy to get an appt. with and the ladies at the front desk are very nice. There never have been any billing issues.  He is very caring and takes the time to listen to you.  He is the most honest doctor we have ever had also.  He will tell you if you need to lose weight and exercise. He does not hold back when it comes to trying to keep yourself the best it can be.  He does not make you feel embarrassed or hesitate to call if you are worried about being a &quot;worry wert&quot;.  There is nothing that I can say that he can improve on.  This is definetly one of the best doctors in the Lehigh Valley.  He is worth a try if you are looking for a new doctor.  I am sure you will be as happy as we are.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
73	0	Didn't believe me that I had a severe ear infection until he looked at my chart and saw that I've had chronic infections since I was a year old. Asked inappropriate questions during my visit. Will never go to again.  	5	5	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	Dr. Davis is very patient, does not rush you through appointments, and explains everything thoroughly so you have no questions about  your illness.  Dr. Davis is great with follow-up. During a serious illness, he called me at home  to see how I was feeling.   It doesn't get much better than that! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	Davis is an excellent physician. It is easy to get an appointment, waiting room times are minimal. Most important, he listens to the patient. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	Very good and caring surgeon.  Very knowledgeable and cares about his patients.  Wants the best outcome for every patient.  Friendly and kind person.  I would recommend this doc to anyone who needs hand or shoulder surgery.  Very professional.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	Dr. Dashottar is the greatest.I would reccomend her to everyone. I really love her.  She takes her time to examing you &amp; answers all questions. sShe really cares about people.She is the best family/G.P. I have since I was little.  Never liked my othr family doctors 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	helpfull . prompt, quite professional,knowledgable,i felt a bit better after leaving the office.  	 2/22/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	-1	Dr. Dachille took cash &amp; payment from our son &amp; insurance company. They have decided to hold on to the money even though he is an Atena provider.Office staff is very rude and have no clue what is going on. Filing fruad against him and a complaint with the board of professional regulation.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
77	-1	The other surgeons in this practice are very professional and have compassion.  Dr. Dachille, however, is condescending, rude, belittling and abrupt.  He doesn't care if you are in pain because his group gave you a dry socket (their fault) - he dismisses you from coming back for follow up treatment by saying, &quot;You're done!&quot; and refuses to give you any further appointments or medication.  He barely even looked in my mouth to make sure there wasn't an infection yet he wasn't even involved in the surgery or other follow up appointments.  He is arrogant and I highly recommend people think twice about going to him. 	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Use to have a real sour puss at the front desk, with constant attitude she is no longer around, much nicer to walk in these days. Trish Banks has left the practice-too bad she was wonderful. New DR, is very nice and has great rapport. As always, Dr Brown is great- she is never afraid to have something checked out or to go up against insurance companies to get tests approved.  I really is almost impossible to get any sort of sick appointment though.  My family has started using the urgent care up the street for that since we have never been able to get a same day appointment in 3 years.  Still worth it for anything you can wait for though. Great office over all.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
78	1	very difficult to get short term appointments, but great for routine care, love everyone in the office. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	What a fabulous practice and what wonderful, caring, and professional women. This is one top notch group who I would recommend without reservation.  Lovely people, fabulous staff, and knowledgeable people who are always there to help! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	Dr. Brown, Trish and the entire staff are wonderful and extremely helpful.  You are never kept waiting and always feel welcomed.  Dr. Brown and Nurse Practicioner Trish are very knowledgeable and accessable.  I recommend this practice to everyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	Most caring, professional medical facility I have ever had the pleasure of being sick around.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	My family has been very fortunate to have such a great doctor in Dr. Brown.  Dr. Brown saved my husbands life.  If not for her I don't believe he would be here today.  Dr. Brown saw something she didn't like and did not give up until she found the answer to my husbands symptoms.  Dr. Brown sent him to get further testing and ended up with open heart surgery with no real symptoms.  Anyone would be blessed to have such a caring and intelligent physician standing by them.   Her and now NP Patricia Bankes round out a terrific office with a very pleasant office staff! :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	Dr. Brown is a very caring and thorough doctor.  You never have to wait long and the staff is very warm and sweet.  You are always greeted with a smile.  Dr. Brown has always been there when we needed her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	-1	The doctor and office staff are poor in communicating to patients.  Lack availability, and have misdiagnosised and mis-prescribed medications.  It's more take a stab in the dark to see what happens.  They aren't current in the last developments regarding medications and FDA assessments.  Over all if you care about your health you want to stay away from this clinic.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
78	1	Very understanding, helpful, great listener.  Awesome doc.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	Dr. Brown and her partner, Maureen Buckley, are amazing and I am blessed to have found them. They are compassionate, caring and easy to talk to. They promptly return phone calls, call in prescriptions, and have a caring and competent staff. Everyone should be lucky enough to find such a wonderful pair!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	Have been seeing Dr Daroski for almost 15 yrs.  I would not go to anyone else.  She takes her time and discusses concerns with you.  Truly concerned with the quality of care not the quantity of patients seen.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	Dr. Dangler is perhaps the most complete dentist I have ever seen.  She is unquestionably up to speed with the latest dental technology…scanning, digitizing and computer modeling of crowns, not to mention the computer-controlled milling in the office!  What makes her truly outstanding is her genuine concern for patients.  She provides more than enough time to thoroughly address every possible concern.  She welcomes patient input…I felt like I took part in my own treatment plan.  Patient comfort is obviously of utmost concern.  She is reassuring and that in turn leads to total confidence by the patient.  I must say that Dr. Katherine Dangler was and is a real gem to discover. 	 12/8/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	. Great with kids, listens to the parents, treats parents and kids with respect, never feels rushed 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	Dr. Daly is attentive and has an extraordinary ability to communicate with children as well as the parent. His diagnosis are acurate and thought out thoroughly. He is worthy of entrusting him with your childs life.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	0	Excellant surgeon but the timeness of insurance submittals -8 months after surgery and 5 months after follow up visits creates issues and lets the patient holding a large bill that should have been covered by the insurance. While I questioned the billing - they added a $10 late fee per month while they investigated it. They then credited the account with a copay that had been paid the previous year in error but it sill left a large balance that I owed. They turned it over to collections and screwed my credit.  At the last visit I was told I didn't need a precertification or a copay - I was told I didn't owe anything - that the followup was included in the surgery fees and then 6 months later I get a bill when they charged the insurance company for the follow up visit and it didn't pay 	2	3	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	0	Not only would not accept responsibility for poor work, he became downright mean and sarcastic when it was pointed out to him. He's short tempered and made personal attacks when deficiencies were pointed out.  No cost touch-ups actually cost about 1/5 of original cost.  I feel that out of spite the touch-up work was not satisfactory.  I had to have most of the work redone at nearly the original cost.   	4	2	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	I've been a patient of Dr. Darnell for nearly 20 yrs. and as an intern, he is second to non. He saw me and he diagnosed me with acute lyme disease when others said, we already cured you from how I see it, he saved my life. Dr Darnell went out on a string and began treating me with aggressive I V meds in the very early years when lyme disease was not understood. I consider myself very fortunate to have him as my Doctor. I trust him with my life...  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
83	1	. Very Good, friendly , very helpful, i felt hopefull after leaving his office for a Lyme eval 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	-1	Dr. Darnell was recommended to me as one of the top lyme disease specialists for my area.  I was very sick when I went to see him and he did the standard Western Blot lyme test.  I never heard from his office, and when I called for the test results the nurse said, &quot;negative.&quot;  I said, &quot;now what&#63;&quot;  She said, &quot;well, the test is negative.&quot;  That was it.  One and a half years later I was still VERY sick.  I was treated for tick borne illness and am now on the road to recovery.  Was very disappointed in my visit with this doc and glad I knew enough to seek help elsewhere.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
84	1	An appointment from start to finish for a simple matter can take upwards of 2 hours. Alot of waiting in this office. 		1	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	. Very good doctor 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	Dr. Dasika was absolutely wonderful to my family and I . He was patient with our questions and took the time to explain everything in great detail. I never met a doctor that was so caring, and compassionate. I would recommend him to anyone!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	I trust Dr Dastgir more than any other dentist I have been to. He resolved a painful problem with a bridge that fits just right. He knows his stuff and explains things in ways I can understand. I think he is careful and gentle when he is working in my mouth. I got my boyfriend to see him after he had not been to the dentist in years. He also thinks Dr Dastgir is great and says he has no pain. This is amazing because he had 4 teeth pulled a few days ago. I would highly recommmend him and plan to continue to go there for my future checkups and any problems. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	Dr. Dastgir put on my Invisalign and is going to do more cosmetic dentistry that I am interested in.  He is a perfectionist (in a good way) and does a great job.  He has a great bedside manner.  This office is very high tech and you never wait more than 5 minutes.  Love this office and Dr. Dastgir is GREAT! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	-1	STAY AWAY FOR YOUR OWN MENTAL HEALTH-RUDE AND UNCARING 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	This is a very knowledgeable doctor but has a very bad tableside manner. He seemed very rude towards not only to his patient but towards his staff. 		3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	Excellent bedside manner! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	I was impressed with answers to all my questions , and she noticed an old scar on my eye that others never commented on even when I asked about it.Very good exam.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	Dr. Davis and his staff are compassionate, caring individuals who have always been respectful, professional and efficient. Questions that lead to thorough understanding are not just welcomed but encouraged. I've been through pregnancies, deliveries and various mid-life difficulties and changes and Dr. Davis has earned my confidence in every instance. I do highly recommend him to everyone - in fact, my daughter and my elderly mother are both new patients of his.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	extremely personable and a wonderful physician - makes you feel very comfortable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	Dr. Davis is amazing! I have been his patient for about 20 years, and although I have moved over 2 hours away from him, I wont go to any other gyn. He is honest, caring, compassionate, extremely informed.  He sets the bar so high, its impossible to meet! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
92	1	Dr Davis is wonderful - very caring and concerned. He is what other physicians should aspire to become.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	Lee Davis is a wonderful, caring doctor.  I have had numerous gynecological problems for the last 5 years and he has been thorough, honest and compassionate.  He really cares for my health.  We should be able to trust our doctors with our lives and unfortunately most I do not.  Lee Davis is an exception however.  I honestly trust him with my life...I've needed to...and he's proven himself over and over again.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
92	1	Dr Davis delivered both of my boys. He was wonderful. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	Very attentive, doesn't make you feel like just another patient. Is concerned about your well being, not just your physical wellness. Looks at the big picture and treats you accordingly. A truly concerned and interested doctor--there for the patient, not for the money. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	Gentle, caring, and understanding.  Uses the latest technology. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	He is very knowledgeable and encourages me to be pro-active in my own care, and make my own choices.  I am not rushed out of the room.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	Finally a doctor who actually listens to your symptoms and prescribes the right meds for your disorder. Very relieved to have this doctor. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	0	I only saw him once and this was several years ago, and I was not very impressed.  He was not very personable, and that made me nervous.  He also didn't give me much feedback. 	1	5	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
94	-1	Should retire.  Very out-dated.  If you have a chronic condition, he quickly runs out of ideas and says there's nothing he can do to improve the situation.  On the quiet side.  If you're shy, too, you can sit there in silence for twenty minutes.  See someone else in the SunPointe Health group. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	 	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	Loved Dr Dardarian! Always made you feel at home.  He is my main obgyn and I was thrilled he delivered my first baby! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	I was very nervous about going to a male ob/gyn when i got pregnant with my son but Dr. Dardarian made me feel very comfortable.  I was very impressed with his knowledge.  He was very thorough with me and I wouldn't want anyone else delivering my 2nd child in the future.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	0	Dr. Dardarian was nice at first, but as when I had a problem he was not. I was about 36weeks and feeling very depressed and overwhelmed at the thought of having a 1 yr old and a new baby, when I expressed my concern he told me, and I quote, &quot;maybe you should have thought of that before you got pregnant&quot; which is a horrible thing to say! Also he told me it was bad to nurse your baby while you were pregnant which I KNOW is not true unless you are high risk. 	3	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	Dr. Dardarian was my doctor throughout my first pregnancy.  He was very professional, and and I would definately recommend him to other first time mommies. He took his time and seemed to really hear you out not rush you out.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
96	1	I gave birth on February 10, 2008.  He visited me on the Friday before I gave birth.  He has always been caring to what the patient is going through.  I can honestly say he puts himself in the patients shoes to how they are feeling.  Being a little older and high risk I was very nervous.  He is a great dr.  I would suggest him to anyone I know.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
96	1	I had 3 miscarriages and no one would listen to me and what I was feeling until I say Dr. Dardarian. He made me feel like I was his only patient when I was there. He is the only Dr. that I found that actually listened to me and wanted to help me with find out what was causing the miscarriages. I wont see anyone else now. I would tell anyone to go to him...  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
96	1	Dr. Dardarian has been my doctor for about 5 years now and I wouldn't have any other doctor deliver my second child. I'm an over weight woman and he made sure that I had a comfortable bed delivered to the hospital after my 06' delivery, not only that he payed sloe attention to me the entire 38 weeks of being pregnant with my son. He makes you feel good all the time and very pleasant. I would suggest to anyone to deal with the practice period.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
96	1	I really like his personality and knowledge level. His staff is no better nor any worse than what you find at all offices these days.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	Dr. Dardarian cares about his patien, and I feel I was well respected during the visit. He explained all the details and tell me how he made the decision. He is nice and smart. One of the best doctors I ever met. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	-1	I will never go back to this office again. I was not treated well. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	Dr Dash is the only therapist i've ever felt comfortable talking to. he broke down so many of my walls and figured out things i've never even realized about myself. great listener, so down-to-earth and kind.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Aetna
97	1	He is very helpful and truly listens. Remembers things from many sessions past--didn't get that with other psychologists. Very upbeat yet realistic.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
97	1	He's very helpful and listens to you.  I've been to other therapists, he's by far the best.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	Dr Dash is the reason I am now in Graduate School.  Cognitive Behavioral Therapy with him has changed my life: I went from being in therapy for ten years with other doctors to just one with him and in that time I have been totally stable.  Consider him the best psychiatrist in Pennsylvania.  Seriously.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
98	-1	Dr Davis and her staff lack professionalism and are directly responsible for the loss of communication between myself and my children.My expereience with Dr Davis and her office is that they are over-aligned with thier clients and are not looking out for what is truly in thier clients best interest (i.e. telling them what they want to hear rather than actually helping the client to solve thier problems).  	1	5	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	1	If you are in need of and looking for a physciatrist (*for adults and children) Mary Davis is the best of the best out there! You will not find any other dr. in the Lancaster area that will take all of your issues seriously, compassionately and professionally and dedicates herself to your care and well-being no less than 100%. What she has done for me and continues to do so has been a gift from God. I would encourage anyone to schedule an appt. with Dr. Davis for any type of medical concerns/issues ie: anxiety, mental disorders, mood, ocd, ADD, ADHD, depression, etc. that you would like work on. MARY DAVIS is a SUPER,INCREDIBLEY ATTENTIVE and COMPASSIONATE PROFESSIONAL DOCTOR who DOES make a DIFFERENCE in this world. SHE HAS LITERALLY SAVED MY LIFE when I felt no hope was left. If only all drs. were like this.... it would be much easier for people to approach facing internal issues that they have within.  THANK YOU MARY!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	1	A friendly doctor who cares about her patient. Good surgery skills, bc it was quick and left almost scar free. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	Very kind and concerned.  I felt very secure in my diagnosis.  Good job 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	Excellent surgical skills, very little scaring after surgery.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:BC Med
