dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
15	-1	 WoW. For my second pregnancy and new to the area, I thought I'd give this practice a shot. 1st visit with nurse went well...everything seemed put together and staff took their thime to answer questions. Second visit until 7th month pregnant was horrendous. She was always late for my appointment and then when she did come in, I always felt like her &quot;hand was on the door knob&quot; waiting to finish with me. So needless to say I left the practice. Please note that even though I won't ever have another appt with Dr. Haas, their are other physicians in the practice that have since stepped up and changed my mind (I will only visit Dr. George or Dr. Sheinberg)Hope this helps.  	2	1	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$20
15	-1	commentsShe misdiagnosed me.  Said everything was okay when in fact, I had uterine cancer. 	2	3	3	1	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	 Dr. Haas is the best Gynaecologist I have seen, personally. She walked in with the brightest smile, showed genuine concern, gave me great advise and the nurse who assisted me was also really riendly and patient. You're in good hands with this doctor. You might wait a little bit, to be seen, but this is becuase she devotes quality time to each patient.  Definitely give her 5 stars 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	 Extremely helpful and knowledgeable, non-judgemental, patient and caring. Will take the time to talk to you, which can lead to slight delays for other patients.  		4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	commentsGreat 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	commentsvery kind and caring doctor, made us feel much better about diagnosis 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	comments 	4	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	commentsI had Dr. Habecker for years as my OBGYN. He made you feel like you were impt. and always took those extra  minutes to listen. He never made me feel like my problems were just my problems. He would take the time to  explain in plain english to me what I didn't understand.Very caring and great bedside manners. I highly recommend his service to anyone looking for a gynecologist. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	 Dr. Habecker is an oasis in the midst of a large practice. He is caring and knowledgable. I never feel rushed when I visit. Contrasting the consistently personalized care from Dr. Habecker, the scheduling system of the large practice is somewhat cumbersome and depersonalized.  	3	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	 Dr. Habecker is kind, gentle, and caring.  He values my thoughts and concerns.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	 Caring and always willing to take his time to discuss any concerns with you as a patient.  Always concerned with you as an individual and treats you like a human being NOT a number.   He is amazing, I drive from Philadelphia to Lancaster just to continue to have him as my OBGYN and always will!! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
40	1	 Dr. Habecker was the first doctor to take me seriously, and he may have saved my life because of it. His bedside manner is gentle and he always has time for all my questions.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	commentsVery professional and knowledgeable.He took the time to answer questions we had. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	 What can I say--he's wonderful.  He has so much compassionate and is such a warm person.  He is so knoweledgeable.  He explains your problem and treatment thoroughly.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	0	 I love the Doc. He is a great guy and very good to my family.I really like nurse Sally,she is very helpful. I do not like the other staff,and his secretary she is ignorant and cocky,very unprofessional.  The doc will do anything to help you and is very kind and carrying, listens to what you have to say, if he could just replace his staff or visits would be 100 % 	1	2	2	4	Insurance:CIGNA
67	1	 Dr. Haber is wonderful.  His staff are a bit difficult to deal with but Monica and Kathy are great.  The office staff needs to show more compassion.  Not everyone can afford to go to ER.  Dr. Haber always takes the time for my family.  He really is supportive.  	3	4	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
67	1	 Dr. Haber is very friendly and genuinely cares. He takes the time to listen.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	-1	.   	1	1	1	2	Insurance:Aetna
67	0	 this office has to be run by a bunch of idiots because no one can understand you when you ask questions, schedule appointments,  need med refills, papers filled out , and SHOTS for my children i understand they are probably expensive but that is YOUR job to supply shots to my children. You wait in the waiting room for 30-45 min to get back and be in a room for 5 minutes&#63; maybe its just me but i pay you how much each time i come into the office so i expect some time to answer questions etc. Monica out of that office has to be the best one their because she shows compassion takes time to listen to you answers questions but gets a little flighty when it comes to my children ha the other girls have to get out of that &quot;play&quot; dr act they are doing and the bigger girl with short hair that lurks around in her pjs and slippers through the office has to show some responsibility and dress like a big girl not a slob to work&#63; They also have to learn to not blame others..  deff need a new doctor 	1	1	1	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	 His staff especially one of the ones in the front thinks she is the doctor...she can get cocky and some of his other staff are not to friendly.  If you ask me, they are ruining his business.  	1	3	5	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	commentshis staff just is plain rude, dont care and do what they want 	1	3	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
67	-1	 His staff gives me a hard time picking up my prescription and he has accused me of using my medication wrongly without speaking to me he told my husband that feds were looking into me..I have never done such a thing and I think its poor skills as he should not be discussing my case with anyone or making false accusations..my pharmacy is the one who never deleted my maiden name as they are a little mom and pop place not a chain place .. I think his staff and him are the ones in need of serious help 	1	3	2	1	Insurance:Tricare
67	0	 used to be a good doc. Has picked up patients from 4+ other retired practices. Since then, replaced staff - they are rude and condescending. He is WAY too busy to be bothered with patients. Rushes you in and out like cattle. Can't take the time to listen or examine thoroughly. Barely writes his own prescriptions. Will tell you to have 'the girls' take care of it out front. I actually prescribed my own anti-depressants, right down to the dosage. Does not have a PA; relies on a 'nurse'. Phone line frequently busy. Now takes every other friday out of office to visit homes. Does not advertise which friday that is, so you really can't count on him for ANY friday. It's luck of the draw. Used to get right in; now you wait avg. 15-30 minutes.  	1	2	2	3	Insurance:Medicare
67	-1	 Dr Haber is a wonderful doctor if you can get the staff to give hime the message.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:GHI
67	1	 Dr. Haber is most compassionate AND very informed as to medications. Those who say he isn't have no clue what they are talking about. I have advanced skill is pharmacology and I KNOW Dr. Haber is extremely skilled. His staff however ARE clueless.  	1	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$20
67	1	 Dr. Haber is the most fantastic physician I ever had.  He was one of 3 doctors that saved my life from a misdiagnosis resulting in peritonitis.  I can't say enough about how great he and his staff are.  He has helped me tremendously.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$20
67	-1	 He is not thorough in his exams and quick to rush patients out. He is not at all helpful or knowledgeable when prescribing medications that interact with one another.  	2	2	1	1	Insurance:AARP
67	1	 I am very happy with everyone at Dr Haber's office.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	commentsDr. Haber's office failed to pre-certify my insurance prior to a test and now I have a large bill that my insurance company refuses to pay. The bill would have been covered otherwise. I have since changed doctors. The new doctor is very knowledgeable and accommodating, but Dr. Haber is a decent doctor if you have to use someone in the immediate area. Just be sure to call your insurance company yourself prior to having any tests or procedures done. 	1	4	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	commentsI went to Dr. Haber to help me get off a dangerous medication that my previous doctor put me on.  Dr. Haber was very knowledgeable of the medication and took the time to answer all my questions.  He always goes above and beyond to help his patients and is not afraid to refer out to a specialist if needed.  I can't say enough good things about him. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	 Dr Haber is very personable, is very concerned with all patients, makes housecalls, and wants to make sure your visit is on time and pleasant. His staff is very helpful and friendly. Couldn't ask for a better doc.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
86	0	commentshis service was all but enjoyable, i still had problems after my appointment. 	2	4	3	2	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	 Dr Haczela is the best chiropractor around...he is caring and really wants you to get well and stay well.  He has great staff.  If you go to anyone else, your body will be sorry.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:UPMC
86	1	 Dr Haczela is the best chiropractor around.  He is very caring and takes time with you.   I recommend him to everyone 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:UPMC
86	1	commentsDr. Haczela is a very caring doctor and person. He will out of his way to make sure you get the best posible healthcare. I recommend him very highly 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
95	-1	.   	3	3	1	2	Insurance:Aetna
95	1	 Treated me at urgent care center in Carbondale, Pa. for multiple bee stings to both eyes. He was knowledgeable, saw and treated me quickly and had an excellent bed-(well, table)side manner.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
100	1	 WONDERFUL physician! Excellent witht the children. Always puts them at ease especially when the dreaded shots are coming. THIS is what a pediatrician is supposed to be like.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$20
