dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
2	-1	Worse doctor I have ever met. He was covering for my child's regular pediatrician one Saturday this past January. Very condescending and unprofessional. I would not let him treat my dog.  	5	5	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	i walk in to the bristol ri offices to see what i could do for my hearing and told the person at the desk that my dr. said it could be caused from ear wax billedup and i would like to get it checked and i never been here before  she let me see if the dr. can see you next thing i know  was they took me in and took care of my problem they were great i recommend them to anyone thanks again it feels good to hear again.  john coite 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
4	1	Excellent care provider with accurate diagnosis. Good doctors are hard to find these days.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	I had an injury (ankle and femur) and was able to make an appointment (new patient) within a week. Once there I only waited about 5 minutes after I completed the paper work before being called in (i had a 9:30 appointment).  I spoke to the doctor and had time to give a full history and explain my concerns (I did not feel rushed).  Right away I had xrays done and within minutes the doctor looked at these and discussed his diagnosis.  I was able to ask all the questions I could think of.  Dr. Fortuna was very professional and knowledgeable.  I was glad that I took a chance and went to Dr. Fortuna despite some of the iffy ratings I saw online.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
6	1	Dr. Flynn is extemely knowledgeable and consciensous.  She is on top of the latest medication recommendations.  Very glad that I have been working with her.  At one point, I had a DBT trained MD.  Though not DBT trained, Dr. Flynn has been very helpful as she is quite well versed in mindfulness.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Referred to this doctor by another dermatologist. Multiple warts on bottom of foot. After many painfull treatments by the 1st doctor, I went to a 2nd doctor who told me it was a mosaic wart. It was one large wart that branched out and surfaced as seperate warts.He said knew of a doctor had this laser that could get rid of them. He said he was pretty sure he was the only one in RI that had one like it. He referred me to Dr. Fragola. He numbed the entire foot and went to work. He removed each wart with great precision. Felt no pain other than the needle to numb area.The procedure worked! No scarring. Many years of suffering before I found the right doctor. My advice is to get other opinions. Doctors are just people, not all are going to know the best way to solve your issue. Thanks Doctor Fragola! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Best dentist I ever went to. The staff is great.I would never go to anyone else. 	 4/17/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	DR. Forman is a great dentist.He exdplains everything and is very easy to talk to. The staff is also very friendly. I highly recommend him. 	 3/16/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	I have been going to Dr. Forman for many years.  He is a fabulous and compassionate dentist. I would recommend him to anyone. The staffis like family. 	 2/26/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Dr. Michael Forman does very good work (my front tooth crown is now 17 yrs old and in excellent form). The hygenists are professional. However the office staff lost my payment. Had to put a stop-payment on check $35.00 + aggrevation...they are the reason I left. That was 2 years ago. Went into the office the other day, still the same chaos at the desk. Glad I went elsewhere.  	1	3	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	0	 	1	3	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	two appointments both times office was closed. never received a call to cancel appointment.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	-1	I went to see Dr. Ferri for my annual exam which also as a woman included a breast exam. He said everything was fine. Less then a month later I found a large lump in my breast which I would have found if I checked sooner. After confirming it with a breast doctor I went back to him and to tell him and he had the nerve to tell me it must have just grew after my last appt. which let me remind you it was less then a month. If I didn't check myself I don't know what would have happened if I let it go. He could have said I'm sorry I missed it. Or maybe it was because he over books appointments and always in a hurry. After a 45 min. wait in waiting room.  	2	1	2	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
10	1	What an amazing physician! The man is literally a human medical textbook. He was extremely personable, concerned, and empathetic with my situation and has done been so for the past 7 years I have gone to him.  My family and all of m friends and colleagues are also patients and thankfully we are in great health thanks to a wonderful physician that loves what he does! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	-1	This Doctor, took 5 minutes to view and I waited over two hours in an almost empty waiting room. Ordered an Xray and insisted the pain was mental while my foot is green and swollen, worst Dr experience and waste of time. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Dr. Ferri is one of the most knowledgable and intersting doctors i have ever met. He assesed my problem within seconds and cured me very shortly after that.  I strongly recommend 		5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
10	1	Dr. Ferri is the most personable, knowledgeable, intriguing physician and truly has a passion for his specialty in internal mediciine. He has made my life easier and disease-free and I would personally reccomend him to any patient in need of internal, medical care.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	0	Went to this Dr. for alcohol problem and never saw him.  Saw a nurse practitioner who gave me a perscription for suboxome.  After I was hooked on it made me attend weekly med sessions with NP, $25.00 each and a weekly suboxome group, $25.00.  I hated the groups, seemed as if everyone was high and no one was even trying to get clean/sober.  Switched to new physician and Dr. Femino called and yelled at me for 10 minutes for doing so.  New Dr., Dr. Skivola, said I should never have been given suboxome.  Now I have an additional addiction to get past!  Never saw the dr. except for one phone call!  Made me get months worth of meds at pharmacy and then held on to the and doled them out weekly, supposedly to save me the co-pays.  In retrospect it seems as though it was designed to keep me coming back.  Stay away this is an upscale methadone clinic in disguise.  	 3/10/09	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	OVER THE YEARS THEIR HAS BEEN SO MANY COMPLANTS OVER THE OFFICE AND THE TURN AROUND RATE.KIMBERLY TREATS PT WITH NO RESPECT ,WHEN I COMPLAIN NOTHING HAPPENS PLEASE HELP 	1	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Dr. Fried takes his time with you and is very thorough and knowledgeable.  		1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	Dr. Fraioli is wonderful. He has been my Dr. since 1992. He takes time, listens. He has helped me thru  many tough times. My whole family goes to him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	great bedside manner. He mademe feel very comfortable, listened very well and reacted perfectly 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	I went to Dr. Feldman a couple years ago.  I told him I was having dizzy feelings when I leaned over such as when I was drying my hair  with a dryer.  His Remake:&quot; Don't lean over&quot;.  He did nothing to try to find the problem.  He also asked me how old I was and I told him 64.  He suggested I get on Medicare.  I said I had to be 65 and he said I was close enough.  I asked Why I should  do it then  and he said because I would get better care.  I interpreted That to mean HE would get More Money.  I will Never return to Him. I will Never send anyone I care about to him.  I go out of town now.   I would sign my name but I worry about what he might do.  I think he will remember me.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
14	-1	poor communication skills-does not seem interested in patient's well-being! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	I had surgery done by Dr. feldman. I had two deviated septums and the surgery didnt help. I still get sinus infections all the time. I went back to see him but he says Im fine. I had the surgery about two years ago and Ive had more than ten sinus infections since..  	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	-1	very poor bedside manner. did not find my problem, had to get another opinion, and the next dr found the problem right away. he was very rushed. came out of the room and was talking about my condition in front of others. 	 2/13/08	1	4	1	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	if you need something operated on this is your man 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	bad bedside manner, very rude! i would not see him again if his services were free. I went in after being referred from the hospital. the hospital dr saw the problem, &quot;Dr&quot; Feldman did not, insisted that i was looking at myself too much. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	performed minimally invasive aortic valve replacement.Excellent surgical team, follow up visits in hosp after surgery, almost ready to go back to work after 16 days recuperation .  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
15	1	Great sense of humor, outstanding surgeon. Performed cardiac bybass 6 years ago. I was chain sawing 9 weeks later. Stitches like a plastic surgeon.. The Best 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
16	1	If you want a doctor that cares, and give you straight forward answers, and is fun to be around, you need to see Dr. Fox. He searches out the truth to help you and cares for you after the office visit as well. He will give you a big  sample of medication to help you out before you have to make that big purchase at the pharmacy. My only complaint is there is no answering service or answering machine to leave a messsage when they are gone or out of the office.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	0	it seems as though he has a God complex.. he didn't take any time to explain things to me, I felt like it had to do with the fact that my insurance was not the best.. I was treated very quickly and dismissively.. I would not ever recomend him due to his poor bedside manner.  	2	1	1	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
17	-1	. condescending jerk,  very impressed with himself,seems knowledgable 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	I trained under Dr Fadale as a medical student.  He is very smart and very talented.  I am an orthopedic surgeon in the midwest.  i send all my family members to him.  he has operated on my father in law, and in this case that is a good thing. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	0	Dr came off as aloof and condescending. Did not listen well to the questions asked of him. Seemed very knowledgeable and has an excellent reputation for his skills. 	5	1	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	. great surgeon and wonderful staff 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
18	1	Wonderful doctor.  Very knowledgable and organized.  Kind and respectful.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	. like this doctor 	5	5	4	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	Dr Fynn is a great doctor, but she takes on too many patients. Prescriptions have been filled late on numerous occasions.. 	2	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	A rising star. He will be the best and most renowned surgeon in his field if he is not already. Incredibly knowledgeable and professional. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	. Excellent Doctor! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
21	1	Spends a lot of time with patients. Very good listener. Very concerned about patients. 	 12/2/05		5	5	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Outstanding physician and person. Quiet, attentive manner; very knowledgeable; thorough; clearly focused on each patient as an individual; makes excellent referrals.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:AARP
23	1	I've been very please with Dr. Ferguson's care.  He replaced both my hip and my knee and I think he's the most professional of physicians.  I recommend him highly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Not only is Dr. Ferguson knowledgeable and experienced, but he is also has a wonderful personality.  He has treated both of my knees with good success.  Eventually had to scope the right knee -- the healing process was exactly as explained.  The staff in his office is both friendly and business-minded.  Their good organizational skills give him the freedom to know and spend time dealing with the patient. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Dr. Froehlich comes highly recommended by other doctors and patients. He recently performed a total hip replacement on me. He is takes his time to explain and answer any questions about surgery.Does not rush you into surgery as other second opinion doctors wanted to. His bedside manner is one of the best!Highly recommend him. Butler Campus office is less crowded and more timely.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
25	-1	I strongly dislike this woman, she is ALWAYS late, does not take the time to listen to her patients, makes judgements on people, asks the same questions about 8 times, then after you have PAID for a half hour, she rushes you out of the door after only about 15 minutes! She is the worst, and I do not recommend anyone going to see her! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	sat in her waiting room for 55 minutes and finally asked how much longer (my appoint was at noon and it was now 1255). they said she always runs like this and that she still had not seen her 1130!!!! i was so pissed because Dr. Fixman herself called me to confirm this appt. Then she came out, did not apologize and left me with no one to see and no medication. this was my first time seeing her. you can imagine that i will not be back. at least i got to see how she was before i became her patient. she is rude and would not look me in the eye. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	I have been seeing Dr Fixman for over 3 years now.  I have seen other psychatrists in the past, however not as effective as Dr Fixman.  Dr Fixman always spends enough times with me and will discuss Tx options.  Dr Fixman is a wonderful psychatrist and gives me excellent treatment.  	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	Dr. Fixman is very capable and is always up to date on meds and side effects. I do think she cares about her patients and she spends plenty of time with each one, altho her questions seem a bit &quot;canned&quot; and one-size-fits-all. I have been extremely satisfied with her management of my medications, which have freed me from a lifetime of agoraphobia and depression; as well as her referrals to therapists when appropriate. She is respectful of the patient's level of knowledge and will function in a partnership with the patient. In general I've had some dealings with weird psychiatrists in my life; Laura Fixman is a little twitchy but clearly humane. As for the lateness: You can call before you leave for her office and they'll give you a time estimate.  	3	2	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	I have seen many psychiatrists in my life, but I keep going back to Dr.Fixman because she's the best.  She asks lots of questions, takes lots of notes, and is genuinely concerned with her patients' wellbeing.  And yes, she does run behind, but that's because she takes time with her patients. I don't think anyone would have anything good to say about a doctor that kicks you out in the middle of a emotional breakdown because the time is up, so to me, when a doc  ocassionally runs behind it's a good sign.  Very informed about new treatments and medicines, and is sympathetic to those of us who are strapped for cash and can't afford medication.  Dr. Fixman provided me with samples for MONTHS when my insurance wouldn't cover my meds, and yes, she will bend over backwards to see you when you need to be seen.  	4	1	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
25	1	Wonderful doctor!  Listened to me, took lots of notes, asked many questions, asked which medications I had been on (before I began seeing her), and knew exactly which ones to prescribe.  Always asks how I'm doing and whether I am having any side effects.  Really cares about me.  Yes, she sometimes runs late but never more than 20 minutes.  She even suggested seeing me on Saturday when she had to cancel that week.  I was told she never comes in on Saturdays unless she wants or needs to.   Wonderful, wonderful doctor!!! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	-1	NEVER runs on time. Have waited an hour and a half. The average wait is 30-45 minutes, but even longer. Once in, she seems to rush you out and looks at the clock alot. 		1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	Would not recommend.  Long wait.  Not friendly or polite.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
27	1	Awesome highly recommended, dedicated to his patients my son loves and feels comfortable with Dr.  Feit :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
27	1	Amazing doctor who cares deeply about his patients. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Dr. Feit was brought in on my case when I was pregnant with my second daughter.  We had a long battle with the baby and her heart and Dr. Feit was there by our side 1,000%!  When the future of our little fighter was revealed, Dr. Feit was affected about her future as well as her parents.  When we lost her, he came right up to our hosptal room to see us and showed such care and compassion.  He diagnosed the problem with our little girl and went above and beyond his call of duty.  We rate this doctor with 5 gold stars and highly recommend him to ANYONE who needs a pedi. cardiologist!  Dr. Feit is THE BEST!! 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Dr. Figueroa is FANTASTIC. He is kind, empathic, and extremely personable.  I cannot recommend him highly enough! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	An absolutely wonderful physician. Extremely knowledgeable, helpful, answers all questions, has a wonderful personality.  He genuinely cares about his patients - A rare find! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
28	1	Dr. Figueroa is by far the best doctor I've had to date. He takes the time to listen to what you have to say, answers all questions, and has a great personality. English is his first language, but I have heard him speak to some of his patients in Spanish. I wish that there were more doctors like him out there. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	0	all I can say is it's been over a year since my accident and I still can't work overhead.... now that all this time is past Im losing feeling in my right thumb and forearm 	3	1	2	4 	Insurance:Workers Comp
29	1	. Nice man and good office help 		4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	I first began treatment with Dr. Falkenberry in 2003.  Currently in treatment with Dr. Falkenberry, pending a mastectomy, due to a reocurrance of bc.   i trust him 100% he is knowledgeable, kind and caring. His office staff is wonderful as well. I've know then for almost 10 years, and its always been this way.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
30	1	His office should have provided more information on lymphadema management.  	5	5	4	3 	Insurance:Medicare
30	1	EXCELLENT EXCELLENT MAN talks so that we can understand exactly what he is talking about. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	My experience with Dr. F was by far the worst one of my treatment for breast cancer.  He was unhappy about my desire to get a second opinion and rudely dismissed me with a wave of his hand.  He is not a certified breast surgeon, so thankfully his rude behavior led me elsewhere.    Beware!! 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
30	0	Dr. knows oncology, but won't deal with any side-effects of chemo, like allergic reactions. Also, he's unsympathetic and sometimes rude. Also, he decided upon my return to work date without discussing it with me and his assistant informed my employer of that date without informing me.  	2	3	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	very knowledgeable and helpful. great with kids,takes as much time as you need to answer questions.  all doctors at wakefield pediatrics are wonderful, including a wonderful office staff who are very helpful 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
32	1	. Dr First takes time with you and asks you questions about your child she is wonderful with children 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
33	-1	Terrible!!!!!! If you get sick don't expect to see Dr. Farina. If you are not sick don't expect to see him either. Awful office and staff. Do not be persuaded by the beautiful office.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
33	-1	I could write a book on my experiences with Dr. Farina's practice over the last 8 years.  Though, I'll be concise.  Staff are rude, overworked, and non-professional.  Constantly hounding you to schedule follow-ups to follow-ups...half the time you don't know why you have an appointment nor do his PAs.  On several occasions (yes several), other patients results were in my file.  I was asked numerous times how a specific condition was going (what condition, check your files!).  Aside from the pill pushing, appointment pushing, countless hours in waiting room (bring something good to read), and lack of face-to-face time with Farina, I will say that his new office is quite spectacular looking (no wonder he has to push the meds and office visits, someone has to pay for the luxurious diggs).  Oh, I forgot to mention, expect a few bills for services that were not performed and some good phone time with your HMO.  So much for concise...  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	-1	I counldnt agree more. Dr Farina is very unprofessional. I keep getting bills for visits that were paid for and I left that office years ago. Do yourself a favor and find another doctor.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
33	-1	Dr. Farina has some major issues.  He is unprofessional, yells at the staff constantly. He feels his staff is incompetent&#63; He is the one that incompetent! He charges for missed appointments but its ok when he runs a hour late! His office annoys you by constantly calling looking to make additional appointments for no reason.  He is money hungry. Looking at prior reviews everyone says he cares, NOT.  	3	1	1	3 	Insurance:Medicare
33	1	he is really dedicated to his work. he does try to get alot of people in at once because he has so many patients. he truly does care about every patient which is why he works such late hours, weekends and some holidays! yes you may have to see a p.a but his assistants are highly trained and intellegant. he only hires the best of the best. his whole life is his work. he has owned and worked at other hospitals and places. he does push himself to the boiling point, but he gets his job done and will treat you like a human and do everything he can to help you in his power, recommend you to the best specialist, etc. He will visit his patients in the hospital and out of work he is a very kind down to earth man. He just has a busy job! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	0	I was a patient for over 6 years. At first I can honestly say Dr. Farina was an attentive good doctor, but as his practice expanded, it became extraordinarily difficult to ever see him; you only could see PAs.  At scheduled appts with him, I would wait for a ridiculous length of time, only to be told that he was extremely busy and I was going to have see 1 of the Pas or sustain an even longer wait!  I find his staff to be super stressed and they run around looking dazed and irritable. Be warned,  if you reschedule an appointment, you better get the person's name, title, date and time because you WILL BE CHARGED for the alleged missed appointment by his inept staff and without all of the aforementioned information you will be forced to pay it or face debt collection. I left because I wanted to see a real doctor not a PA, tired of having lots of tests some of which appear to be superfluous and follow-up visits every three weeks for someone in good health seems a little excessive to me. 	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	Dr Anthony Farina did a bait & switch on me; after two visits he had a PA do my annual check-up.  The PA told me I had to go on Lipitor without discussing it with me; the PA told me nothing  about the accuracy of the tests used to make this decision.  Dr. Farina had me get an MRI when he should have referred me to an neurologist instead.  Dr Farina never told me why he ordered the MRI.   Once when complaining of sickness due to high altitude (at 8000 feet above sea level)  Dr Farina responded saying “8000 SQUARE FEET” ! Where was his mind at !     I was once treated so rudely ( NO PROVOKATION ) by one of his staff that I almost spit in her face.   She was either overly pressured by her workload or a terrible fit for her job in Dr Farrina’s office.  He just opened a walk-in clinic; I guess there he can spend even less time with patients, use more PAs and increase his bottom line. If you want assembly-line medicine, Dr. Anthony Farina is your Doctor.  	 3/24/09	1	2	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	Outstanding Doctor with VERY competent P.A's.  Administrative & billing staff is incompetent. 	1	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	Very caring and knowlegeable doctor and staff. I have been a patient here since the practice started. Dr. Farina ALWAYS returns phone calls and will spend as much time with you as necessary. I have never felt rushed. The staff is very friendly. He is about the only doctor I know with Saturday and late evening hours. I think he is about the best I have ever encountered.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	Very un professional. The office is stressfull and you hardly ever get a change to see the actual doctor. I am looking for a new physician.  	1	1	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	Dr. Farina is one of the nicest Dr's I have ever had. I highly would recommend him to my friends and family. He is very respectful and profesinal with his patients. Like some one said in a previous post the people who are complaining are probably former staff. I have found his staff excellent and very polite. I feel very much at ease being his patient. He is a very dedicated Dr. and takes his profession very seriously.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	Excellent Doctor!Anthony Farina is very down to earth and dedicated.The office is busy and small which should be remedied when they move to there new location.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	0	it's really too bad to post another bad comment, but i feel like i need to.  i have been a patient at North Prov Primary Care for 2 and a half yrs now. Some visits good, most very poor.  I was very pleased one year ago when another provider (jared.) was there, always was treated well and could count on quality medical advice without feeling rushed to leave so he could move on to another patient.  however, i cannot say the same for the practice now.  just don't get that same feeling there,...can't say that i think things will change when the practice moves..wouldn't recommend it anymore for any &quot;potential patients&quot; 	3	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	My husband and I have been a patient of Dr. Farina for almost 4 yrs. He has always been very truthful and sincere. Yes, his office is very busy and sometimes it seems like staff is stressed, but that will change soon when he is in his new office. He will have more space and there will be more privacy. Dr. Farina has always returned my phone calls. It may not be within the hour, unless it is an emergency but he will callback by days end and never rushes you off the phone. He makes me feel like a person. Some Md's I have gone to treated me like a number.  	 7/18/08	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	I've been a patient of Dr. Farina's for over 5 years now and YES, the office is stressed and rarely on time (when I can't wait, I leave and tell them I'm rescheduling for another time - then I get an appointment first thing in the AM).  He or a PA can always see you for sick visits, and what I do like is that if you have a question for him, even if you're seeing the PA he's usually willing to come in.   Yes, you have to break &quot;the cycle&quot; of unnecessary appointments, but you can't beat how thorough he is! 	3	1	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	0	very very unhappy with this practice.  I have already transferred out to another doctor. it is such an unneccessarily stressful environment that is poorly run by both clinicians and nonclinicians.  very long waits, very unprofessional pracitioners, and it seems to always be the same every time I am there.  I am a healthy young woman, 36 yrs old, and I am expected to go back for visits every 3 months&#63;&#63;  Gimme a break!!  I have transferred to another office in the area and am much more pleased there.  This place was a joke...don't be fooled 	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	I have been a patient at this office for over a year, yet have never actually SEEN the doctor himself.  I will always be seen by a PA that is stressed out and running to the next appt.  My pharmacy has been calling all week to get feedback on an important prescription and has not had thier phone calls returned!  When I called the doctor's office to get to the bottom of it, I was spoken to VERY rudely by the receptionist.   I have never seen a busier or more stressed out environment and am currently seeking another doctor because I do not feel that this one is good for my health! 	2	3	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	0	I agree with the 1st post. Dr Farina is very egotistical. Plan on waiting for at least 2 hours then you will see a PA or nurses assistant. And if you still choose to go to Farina make room in your medicine cabinet because he will fill it with pescriptions. Do yourself a favor and find another doctor.  	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	Excellent doctor - cares about his patients and always remembers you.  If you're seeing a PA in his office and want his advice, he will always come in to see you.  Spot on medical advice, friendly staff (best nurses/med techs around) and very detail-oriented.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
33	1	How can anybody say anything bad about Dr. Farina.when i went to see him for the first time i had told him of my husband being very sick and that i was very upset he gave words of comfort and understanding of my husband illness and when the Lord took him into heaven he took the time to send me a sympathy card. I have been to many DR's in my life and i never came across a DR. that is so patient has a big heart and takes the time to listen to you and i think that is very important for your body to heal.sometimes you may have to sit a little longer to see him because their are patients that require more of his time but he always apologize to you, and when it is your turn he gives his full attention to you.I could not ask for a better DR.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
33	1	My husband and I have been seeing him and his associates for several years now. Never any problems. Always willing to take extra time with you answers all your questions. Yes the office is a little stressed but what Dr.s offices isn't. There isn't anyone person there that has been unkind in anyway. WE only wait the usually amount of time one would expect to wait in any Dr.s office. Always through answers any and all questions no matter what they maybe.  HE IS THE BEST OF THE BEST 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	Dr. Farina is attentive, thorough and professional. I have never felt rushed when visiting. No problems getting in to be seen. You may have to wait a little while but his attention is on you when hes there. His staff are stressed but equally as wonderful. They all deserve kudos. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	I had a terrible experience with this doctor. Unkind and a very aggressive attitude. Yelling at staff while I was in his office. I felt very uncomfortable while being examined. I would recommend not seeing this doctor at all. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	I have had nothing but excellent care for my Dad who is 83 years old and diagnosed by Dr Friedman with Parkinson's Disease. Do yourselves a favor and Google Dr Joseph Friedman, read his book on Neurology and see how lucky we are to have such a gifted and professional physician to help us. He has helped my father regain health from a very poor state and he is pleasant, listens closely and takes his time with you. He is the best in this area of medicine.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
34	-1	I have never found a doctor to be so cold, does't look anyone in the eye, acts like he is doing you a favor being there, doesn't listen to symptoms, gives the impression that he hates medicine,totally unwilling to do a complete exam.I would stay far away from this physician.he may have all the degrees but absolutely no bedside manner. I urge you to look further for a qualified professional. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	Dr. Friedman is the most unprofessional care giver that I have had to associate with.  Without reviewing my recommending physician's write ups and only spending 5-7 minutes with me, he determined that I have a severe psychiatric disorder and wants to refer me to his &quot;friend&quot; who specializes in the disorder.  I am seeking a second opinion and will never refer, nor return to him.  His demeanor was uncaring and abrasive and he didn't take the time to peruse the journal of symptoms that I have meticulously been cataloging.  I question, that as a neurologist, how he can make a psychiatric diagnosis.  Further, he wrote the disorder down on a prescription sheet, handed it to me and told me to &quot;go look it up. &quot; 	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
35	1	Dr. Kristin Fielding is one of the best doctors that I can say that I have enjoyed having the pleasure of knowing and having a very good professional relationship with. She knows how to make her patients feel very adease and comfortable. I felt comfortable talking to her, and never did I feel like she would give me the wrong advise,or stir me in the wrong direction, until now.I'm at my witts end trying to find a doctor, Dr.Fielding is leaving for a better opportunity, I as well as many others, are now put in some what of a jam, It seems like we don't know were to go. But, thats what happens when you have the best. Well I wish Dr.Fielding all the best, cause she actually is the best, we will miss her sadly, at least I know I will. Good Luck and God Bless you Dr.Fielding, Good luck in the future. You are one of the best Dr's and I'm proud to have had the chance to be your patient for as long as I was. God Bless   Bernice P.           ps. I will miss you dearly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	-1	Very disappointed with the care both my wife and I received by her. Sent me to the hospital for a bloody nose !!.  Entire facility very shotty.  	2	3	1	3 	Insurance:Medicare
35	1	She is a wonderful doctor. It is so nice to have a doctor work with you as a team to help you stay strong and healthy. She listens so well. Very Happy to have her as my Doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
36	-1	 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Very Professional and couldn't have been more pleased with his services.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	Dr Frishman is a very honest, caring and smart physician.  I would recommend him to my closest friends and family.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	Our son is now 17 years old and Dr. Frishman was the most compassionate and caring specialist we could have asked for.  He also operated on my ectopic pregnancy preceding the healthy conception of IVF.We were always assured and able to contact him with our later concerns of conceiving a second child.  Honest, knowledgable and professional. Also visited me while recuperating from a very difficult delivery of my 10 pound son.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
37	1	Dr. Frishman performed a laproscopic procedure on me beacuse of my 'unuasual' Septate uterus and double cervix and because he did I was able to give birth to my son! With out the surgery I could not have carried a baby to full term, I'd always miscarried. Dr. Frishman is extremely and noticablly caring and understanding. He actually takes the time to listen to you and answer whatever questions you may have and not rush yo out the door. I highly recommend Dr. Frishman. He is very knowledgable and thorough. I was always told that I would never have children because of my rare and unique uterus, but Dr.  Frishman made it possible! This is a Doctor you ca trust!!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
37	1	I found Dr. Frishman to be very helpful and understanding of our situation, both my husband and I have had children, but have been unable to conceive together. We are now on fertility meds and Dr. Frishman has been both supportive and honest through the whole experience. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Thanks to Dr. Frishman and the staff from Women & Infants, my husband and I are the proud parents of twin boys. He was extremely knowledgeable, caring, compassionate and truly wanted to help us conceive. We were happy with the care given from everyone in that practice. I would recommend them to anyone who is struggling with infertility issues.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Tufts
37	1	. I have two little boys thanks to Dr Frishman and he came and visited me in the hospital after both of my deliveries! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	-1	Can't believe there was someone else who thought this guy was as much of a jerk as my husband and I. When I asked why a cast of thousands had to be in on a test I was having (they were watching not helping), his supercilious reply was, &quot;Because I want them there.&quot; What an ass. 		3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
37	0	Arrogant and condescending. Someone should slap him. He seems perfectly competent, just full of himself. When he gives you instructions before a surgical procedure, and then during the procedure itself, he sounds like a tape recording, i.e. like he said these words a million times before (no doubt he has), but he makes no effort to hide it. Go for any other doctor at this clinic (Women & Infants infertility clinic)--the rest are great.  		5	1	4 	Insurance:HealthPartners
38	1	Dr Fedorcuk  is amazing! I was so happy with here service. I suffered from Plantar Fascitis and it was brutal. She was so kind and helpful every step of the way. I couldn't have asked for a better Podiatrist. I went in to see her and my foot had a cat scratch from my new kitten and she even took the time to put ointment on it with a band-aide.. and it wasn't even the foot that was bothering me. Just an example of her tender care. She is the BEST.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	The guy is simply awesome. He gets down to the point and will tell you flat out whats wrong with you.  I actually found him very thorough.  His staff did multiple test before he spoke with me, and they too, we're thorough. (read other reviews, don't know what these people are talking about).  I was in and out.  Staff was appropriate and polite.  Seemed to function like a well-oiled-machine.  FYI you SHOULD get hearing tests for earache.  The guy is a specialist not a pediatrician.  Meds I was prescribed worked perfect, now I feel great.  He seemed insanely intellegent and spoke his mind.  Other doctors beat around the bush.  Also, have you ever noticed his socks&#63; They're plain awesome. Enough said.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	Recognized and sympathized with me on the root cause of the ear issue I was experiencing after several tests were performed and scheduled the appropriate surgery to attempt to fix the issue. It fully resolved it! Thank you so much! You turned my life around and I'm indebted to you! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	-1	I went to this doctor for an ear ache. During my appointment, he told me that I was on a high anti-depressant dose. He is an ENT not a shrink.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
39	-1	Very arrogant man. Doesn't listen to patients. Made me get a hearing test for an earache. 	 12/9/11	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
39	-1	He is the worst doctor I have ever been to.  He was not very thorough, as he almost missed a major issue (which he only found after I insisted he check again).  He was condescending and arrogant in his responses to my questions.  I would not go to him.  	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	He is the only Dr. who discovered my daughter has a shor pallette after seeing numerous drs. for 10 yrs. He hasa different bedside manner and I would recommend him.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
39	1	Knowledgeable and no nonsense.  My kind of doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	0	He'll answer phone calls on you during an appointment when you're trying to talk to him on a regular basis not just in isolated instances. He makes you feel that you're not a high priority even though you're sitting in front of him. He yelled at a staff member in front of me(very unprofessional) over some missing test results for another patient. Seems like a difficult person to deal with on a daily basis, never mind as a patient.  	4	3	2	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
39	-1	 		4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	Dr. Mike was very personable and made a point to explain the treatment plan so it was easy to understand. He treated all three of my children and they all have perfect beautiful smiles.  I highly recommend this practice 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	. Very professional, courteous, and gives excellent orthodontic care 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
41	-1	I heard something happened with him and/or his office and he isn't practicing anymore.  When we called to find out what was going on, we were told they couldn't talk about it. 	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	dr fletcher is a wonderful doctor I would recommend him to anyone :) 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	-1	When my baby sister was extremely ill he refused to see her- actually telling us to go home after sitting in his waiting room for 3 hours. Why&#63; Because my Mom owed him 10.00$ from a previous visit! 		2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
41	0	Very nice Doctor. 		5	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	I went to Dr. Fletcher when I was really little and I loved him! I was so mad when I moved and couldn't go to him any more. I'm 20 now and I still remember how nice he was. Def. bring your kids to him!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	. most profesional timely and intellegent verry pleasent experience 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	Dr. Ellen Frankel is a wonderful person who truly cares about her patients. She is confident, bright, funny and really knows her dermatology. She has gone over the top to help cure me. Her staff is wonderful too. They truly care. Thank you Dr.  Frankel! 	 6/24/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	I'd recommend Dr. Frankel to anyone who wants the best in terms of care/treatment/bedside manner. Forget what past doctors have told you because Dr. Frankel doesn’t give up like 99% of the others. She WILL help you.  Dr. Frankel's recognition/awards as being ranked one of the TOP RHODE ISLAND DOCTORS is well-deserved. Making the patient her #1 priority is simply her nature.  In 2006, I succumbed to an aggressive Internal Medicine doctor, who I called on as a pharmaceutical rep. She performed a chemical peel, followed by a microdermabrasion on my sensitive skin. I woke up with 500 pimples (CYSTIC acne) and purple/red blotches all over my face.   I visited a dermatologist in MA who prescribed me  Accutane, which thankfully did cause the zits to dry up. However, I was left with scarring/discoloration. He told me that nothing could be done.  My dad asked his doctor for the best dermatologist he knew. That's how I met Dr. Frankel.  It's the ONLY reason I've had amazing results :) 	 11/16/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	Dr. Frankel is the best dermatologist in Providence area. I have been seen with other doctors, but no one helped. Dr. Frankel got the right diagnosis in the first 10 seconds and prescribed the correct medication to use. In the next two days I was 100% better. I am very appreciating her knowledge and professional skills. Also if I have any questions, she will always provide me with the correct answer and the best recommendation. I highly recommend Dr. Frankel for any patient in need for dermatologist assistance.  	 9/20/09	5	4	5	Insurance:Providence
43	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Frankel for over 17 years. You can’t begin to appreciate her skill, diagnostic capability and great bedside manner until you have been treated by other dermatologists. Her years of practice, taking part in clinical trials, continued education, publishing papers, guest speaker invitations and everything else this woman does to stay on the forefront of state-of-the-art dermatology is EXCEPTIONAL! Since Dr. Frankel rises before the sun, my advice is to schedule early morning appointments to avoid possible wait time. Warning! Be ready to experience a hefty scent of bleach because the floors/examining rooms are disinfected EVERY morning to maintain a clean and safe patient/employee environment. If you are looking for a direct, highly competent, skillful diagnostician, impeccably attired and truly committed to her patients, where there may be an unforeseeable and medically justified wait based upon exigent patient circumstances then Dr. Frankel is the physician for you. If not then seek alternative care.  	 9/19/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	I have been going to Dr. Frankel for a couple of years and found her to be extremely knowledgeable and easy to speak with. When I have a question about something I ask it and she more than willingly will provide me a detailed answer. Her use of cutting edge treatments has been a huge benefit to me. As for the wait times others have mentioned, does it happen from time to time yes. But I have yet to see a doctors office were it doesn't happen and I certainly wouldn't choose to see someone because they got me in faster at the expense of being a great doctor.  I would recommend her to anyone.  	 9/17/09	5	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	she is the best derm doctor out there - like any other office there are occasional waiting periods to see her, but it is worth the wait.  i get a kick out of the people who complain to the staff about waiting but it is not their fault so i can understand why the staff could be a little cold towards patients but cooperation from both sides would work wonderfully - now about dr frankel, she knows her stuff and she may run late sometimes but you know what if something needs immediate attention she is not going to send you out of the office so she can see her next patient - she does what needs to be done.  if it was you wouldn't you want things taken care of immediately, especially if it was cancer&#63;  people need to grow up and if they plan on going to the doctor allow ample time and don't rush - she is well worth the wait and you will get the CORRECT diagnosis the first time.   if you notice a lot of people complain about the wait, BUT THEY ALWAYS COME BACK - does that tell you something&#63; 	 9/14/09	4	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	Dr. Frankel is the best derm. in RI.  She's patient, caring, pleasant, funny and warm.  Her staff performs at the highest level to help and assist patients.  You won't be unsatisfied with her or or staff.  	 9/3/09	5	4	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
43	1	I have read through each and every comment on this site and am appalled. Dr. Frankel's diagnostic skills are unparalleled, and her experience and dedication to the field is evident- she has long office hours to accomodate her patients, continues to participate in research to further the field, and stays up-to-date by attending conferences. Yes, its true you wait in this office. What office do you NOT&#63; You wait because she is the best, and 30,000 patients dont lie. She has been the top derm in RI for over 20 years. if you dont want to wait, go to one of the other derms and see a PA, but you WILL be back when they misdiagnose you or you never see an MD. people wait because things come up in each appt that are unanticipated; emergencies, other issues with the patient booked. Attack the wait- thats NORMAL for good doctors. Do NOT attack her skills as a doctor, her dedication to patients, or the cleanliness of her office.  Those are blatant lies and character defaming, and are just untrue.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	My family has been patients for 7 years and have dealt with delays in many doctors offices.  My son had an infection on his face and within 15 seconds, Dr. Frankel had it diagnosed, writen a script and we were on our way.  The next day he was 100% better.  If you want the best, you wait for the best.   Recommend highly 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	I have been a patient since 1992.  During that time, Dr. Frankel has treated both minor things and a couple of more complicated issues.   I have alway felt she took adequate time to exam, diagnose and treat what I had. I have always had confidence and faith in what she did.  Getting an appointment has always been time appropriate. If something needed immediate attention, I got in promptly.  Waiting times vary but have not been unreasonable.  The doctor is in high demand.  SInce 1992, she has been selected a Rhode Island TOP DOC by her peers at least ten times.  You win this distinction by being far better than merely good.  Personally, I prefer to wait for someone recognized as top in their field to immediately seeing a second tier or lower person.  I am also impressed by the clinical research she does as a very active private practitioner.  She has been published in the most prestigious dermatology journals.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	-1	Extremely long time in waiting room, over one hour. She always seemed to have one foot out the door and not at all focused on the patient. Someone I know was misdiagnosed... told she might have a life threatening form of breast cancer and it turned out to be a rash!!! Would never recommend her! 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	-1	Dr. Frankel has repeatedly proven to be the most arrogant and least &quot;patient-friendly&quot; physician I have ever dealt with. Called 1 1/2 hour before an already rescheduled appointment to request I bring in my son immediately because doctor has decided to leave early. Unable to do so. Staff unwilling to accomodate patient schedule in any way. It is essentially the doctor's way or the highway. Staff unhelpful and unfriendly.  	2	1	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
43	-1	She is so unprofessional and not a people person. While she seems knowledgeable, she only cares about getting in and out as fast as she can, and doesn't care about her patients at all. I would never refer a friend there, and urge people to find a new doctor.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
43	-1	Dr. Frankel is extremely rude and impatient. She barely turned to look at me when I came in for mild acne. She turned her back to me and started writing prescriptions within a minute of me being there. I barely saw her for 5 minutes and I waited almost 2 hours in the waiting room. Very chaotic environment and the place seems to be like a money maker. She sells her own products and they are very expensive and no different than most things I have tried. I would not recommend her at all.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	-1	Like others, we waited over an hour to be seen. The doctor barely glanced at the large mole on my daughter's head, pronounced it fine, and suggested we be seen for follow-up.  The office called me later to reschedule the appointment which was a year away and, when I asked them to send me a reminder card, put the doctor on the phone! She very rudely informed me that they didn't send reminder notices and why couldn't I write it down! 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
43	-1	My son was being treated by Dr Frankel for warts.  Vey difficult to get appt's office staff not very accomodating. We are on our third medication in 3 months and nothing is ever explained to us - just use this. None of the medications seem to work so now she wants to sell some of her product which insurance doesn't cover & she can guarantee either!Emergency's handled poorly also.Son's warts bleeding-Left message at office nurses/Doctors line didn't receive a Call back until 2 days later. Nurse was helpful but couldn't answer all my questions so put Dr on phone who imediately said &quot;Let's make this quick I'm on may way to Europe. &quot;  Very unprofessional!!!!Will never return to that factory(no care for patients)!!! 	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	Dr. Frankel tends to my wife, my two daughters and me.  She caught a pre-cancerous mole that appeared to be perfectly normal on my one of my daughters and successfully treated a friend's malignant melanoma.  We have had a few longer-than-you-would-expect waits, but not many, and I don't mind waiting because I am very confident in Dr. Frankel's ability.  	4	3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	-1	Barely glanced at my large open sore and holes in my skin which my primary care thought looked like fungus. Dr Frankel Mis-diagnosed  the condition as eczema and prescribed powerful cortisone creams which led to the condition not only worsening but becoming systemic.She claimed she performed a biopsy when she did not and then had her staff tell me that the lab test performed on my personally produced specimen was a biopsy. I asked my primary care physicialn to  recommend someone else. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	. she tries to sell her products rather than spending time with the patient 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	-1	Lousy regard for her patient's time - I've tried her a couple times and finally gave up after always waiting a minmum of 45 minutes past scheduled appt. Actually exam never gave me a confident feeling that I was thoroughly checked, she was too busy trying to sell her branded soap.  	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Frankels for 20 + yrs. she has always been in front of the curve in treatment and knowledge of dermatalogic con ditions. Thanks to her and her staff I am almost completly free of plaque psoriosis and have been for 5 years. This is somthing I thought was impossible as I have been told over and over again that there is no cure. Well there is tratmentn that can at least put you in remission. I am sure a lot of her knowledge comes from the fact that she participates and/or runs many test and study programs.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	I know you usually have to wait when you go to Frankels office, and she is quick when you go in, but, I feel that she really knows what she is doing and I love that. Maybe that is why the waiting room is so crowded.  	4	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	-1	You wait forever to get in for your appointment and then are seen so quickly. My 2 year old son had really severe eczema and she was very quick to prescribe many different kinds of steroids that worried me about his use. Some of them were with adult doses! Also only glanced at him and never really gave much explination to the diagnoses. Then you could never get a follow up appointment with her. I also saw a nurse practioner who wanted to retry things that had already been tried and couldn't get Dr. Frankel to come in the room to help. After 1/2 hour waiting in the room for the nurse practioner to return I left with my child.  He's now 3 and going to Boston Children's Hospital and hasn't had a need to use steriods since!! 		1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	0	THIS DOCTOR IS ALWAYS OVER 1 HOUR BEHIND IN ALL HER APPOINTMENTS, WHEN YOU FINALLY GET IN TO SEE HER SHE SPENDS LESS THAN 5 MINUTES WITH YOU. VERY UNPROFESSIONAL.  		1	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	-1	This office is a scam! I waited and hour after my scheduled appointment to be scene. I was diagnosed with barely a glance and within minutes of being seen and without being asked, a &quot;consultant&quot; came in the room offering me hundreds of dollars worth of uncovered cosmetic procedures when this could have easily been treated with liquid nitrogen.  		1	1	2 	Insurance:Tufts
44	1	She is wonderful love her!!I found her to be very knowledgeable kind hearted. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Erica was my midwife with my previous pregnancy. I am pregnant again and have chosen her to be my midwife this time around. She is amazing!! She actually takes the time to sit with you and make sure all questions all answered.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	As a labor and delivery nurse, I feel the need to correct the statement regarding &quot;it's illegal for a midwife to deliver a baby without a doctor&quot;. That is absurd. A certified midwife has the same delivering priveledges as a doctor. Erica is a holistic practitioner and an assett to the community. I can't wait for her to delivery my baby in December.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
44	-1	I could have died because she didnt deliver my baby right and there wasnt a doctor in the room. Just her. Thats illegal. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Erica is wonderful.  She saw me through the end of my pregnancy b/c my OB/GYN went on maternity leave.  Erica made me feel very comfortable at all of my visits.  I chose to stay w/ her even after my dr. came back.I highly recommend her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
44	1	i have been a patient of erica's for about 3 years now .In january 2007 i found out that i was pregnant through the enitre pregnancy erica was wonderful and so was her staff &quot;helena&quot;.when i went into labor erica was at her office and literally ran to the devlivery room to make sure she was the one to deliver my son ......as long a erica is praticing i will be a patient of hers.she is awesome and i recoomend her to all my friends 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	she is awsome. wonderful. i love her. she is nothing but sweet and wonderful. i have had wonderful expericance with her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	I have been suffering from an ovarian cyst since as early as March. She has done minimal for me. All she ever tells me is that I need to wait it out and see what happens. I called her once due to extreme lower abdominal pain and she wouldn't give me anything for it. I explained to her that endometriosis runs in the family in hopes that she would somehow check me out for it and all she does is tells me to wait it out and if the pain doesn't go away with the aid of bc pills than she will try an alternative method. I am very displeased with the treatment I have received from there and would tell anyone to not go there. The practice's name is Taunton OB/GYN.  Be aware! 	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
45	1	I can not be more happy with Dr. Paul Fadali. I had a microfracture/acl/pcl/meniscal repair.  Absolutley phenomenal.   Skiing and playing baseball again 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	after waiting for over 45 minutes you see the docter for about 5 to 6 minutes and he gives you a quick talk and you are on your way. not very satisfying.  	3	1	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	Does have a BIG Ego but cured my Knee so I don't mind! He is very good. He just tells it like it is and sometimes it is hard to hear. Like &quot; you are over weight and if you don't lose the weight it will come back and there is nothing I can do&quot;.  Of course he is physically fit so he walks the talk! 	4	5	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	-1	Saw Dr. for a knee problem, originally referred by PCP.  Found him to be rude, arrogant, and condescending.  Actually yelled at me for wasting his time bc I had Lyme disease (which I didn't know) threw my xrays against the wall and accused me of trying to get prescriptions.  Then screamed that if &quot;people like you would bother to get you PCP to refer you then you wouldn't waste my time.&quot; Have never been spoken to by another adult the way he treated me.  This Dr also lied in his progress reports and write completely different slant on our session, saying he &quot;eduacted patient with videos and brochures on Lyme as well as referrals.&quot;  ALL LIES.  I suspect that had I told this Dr.  I am the daughter of a US Senator, he would have treated me quite differently.  Unless your ego is more important than your health, stay away from this one.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	0	If you need surgery with her keep in mind her bedside manner is awful. I had surgery. She did not even check on me in recovery or give a telephone call to check on me after surgery. The only person that actually cared was the hospital I had the procedure at. She also did not even discuss my endometriosis with me that she happened to find while I was having surgery. She is good for routine visits as long as you have no problems. If a problem arises, I would strongly recommend going to see a specialist. I wish I had gotten a second opinion. BTW- I went in for surgery for a routine removal of a 1&quot; cyst and she wound up having my whole ovary removed. I was not even notified by her that she took my ovary. The nurses in recovery had to tell me. This is absolutely disgraceful from a doctor. She should definitely learn to inform her patients.  	1	4	1	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
46	1	Highly recommend Dr. Fitzgerald.She is genuine and professional as well as punctual. I would feel totally confident having surgery performed by her. ! 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
46	1	Had to switch to Neighborhood and Dr.Fitzgerald isn't in their network of doctors:( So sad to have to find a new obgyn after 7 years. Dr.  Fitzgerald is always friendly and very knowledgeable! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	I had an ob/gyn exam there. The patients medical notes/records seemed thorough, and I would trust her opinion. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	She can be a little impersonal, but she is an excellent doctor.  She doesn't take very long with the exam but she know her business. She found a tiny polyp during my pap smear and lanced it immediately.  Also, anytime I had a problem with my pap smear being abnormal the office always called me immediately. 	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	-1	I saw Dr. Fitzgerald after a friend recommended her.  I will not return.  The visit was very impersonal and only took about 5 minutes total.  I don't know what can be accomplished that quickly other than making the patient feel uncomfortable.  	3	5	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
46	-1	The staff was unfriendly. They had a frosted window that remained closed and I didn't even know if you could tap on it to get service. The whole examination took less than 5 minutes (she didn't even have me take off my top, so the breast exam was not very thorough, despite that I had marked I have had a history of breast problems on my information form).  I only wanted the appointment to refill my birth control (which I was able to do), but if I had something wrong, I doubt she would have caught it. Moreover, the office doesn't even notify you about your pap smear unless it is bad news (what if the bad news letter gets lost in the mail&#63;).  They even forgot to apply my insurance, despite the fact that they copied my card.  When I got the bill for $240, it had to be dealt with through a medical billing contracted company (rather than the doctor's office).  I was not impressed and will not be returning to her again.   I got better service at the free clinic where I went to grad school! 	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
