dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	commentsVery professional, high quality result. Would highly recommend a consultation with Dr. Zienowicz before making any decision. With several board certifications, publications and excellent references, Dr. Zienowicz highly skilled and trained. I enjoyed every appt. with this Doctor and his kind staff. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	commentsDr. Zienowicz is the most personable and professional doctor I have ever met. I gave him a picture of the breasts I wanted and he gave me exact clones, despite the level high level of difficulty. It is a relief to know that I will not need any revisions. I received a lift and a high profile augmentation with a rather large amount of cc’s and it is not often that people get exactly what they wanted on the first go around. He also does his incisions through the armpit so there will be no scarring. His staff is also excellent and very friendly. He called me the day of my operation as well as every day after, sometimes multiple times a day to check in on me for a week. I traveled a couple hours to use him and it was well worth it. I would never consider going anywhere else for all of my future work. He truly has the best personality in the world on top of having the best reputation for all of his work. I would trust him to remake my entire body any day.  -Sarah Alexis Paid/Co-pay:$14000	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	 dr. z started from scratch what dr. iacono ****ed up.  i had a double mastectomy 2 yrs ago for breast cancer with immediate reconstruction.  5 surgeries and a yr. and 1/2 later no change. dr. z fixed me in the 3 surgerys it should have taken dr. iacono. he  has also been in ri monthly more than once on the best doc list for ri.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	commentsThese ratings seem to be way off base. I am a man who had excessive fat in my pecs. It was effecting me psychologically and it was very embarrassing . I had a consult with Dr. Zienowicz and found him to be the nicest, most empathic plastic surgeon I have ever met. He was understanding and very compassionate. I had the went ahead with the surgical procedure. After getting other opinions Dr. Zienowicz was the doctor for me. His fee was cheaper than 2 other doctors. His staff are top notch, professional and polite. They were very kind and caring. So I don't seem to understand the negativity on this site. If I ever need another procedure I surely will go back to Dr. Zienowicz. He is top notch but even more important he is the nicest doctor I have met. Sure I had to waite a bit longer in the waiting room but when you seek the best the waite was worth it. So if I had to grade this doctor I would give him an A++. 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	commentsI went to see Dr. Z for re-constructive surgery on a skin disease. He was extremely caring and was in the room for over 20 minutes talking with me and easing my worries. He explained exactly what he was going to do and how he was going to do it. 	5	2	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
1	-1	commentsI have also had a horrible experience with Dr. Zienowicz and would love to discuss this with any one who has had a bad experience with him. I had breast augmentation and have displacement, distortion, severe scarring and need for additional surgery and he said I have to pay for it.  It was a straight forward surgery my breasts were perfect, they were just small, these problems should not have happen and he will not take responsiblity and was extremly rude and hurtful.  Please please reply so that we can discuss.  Breast Surgery 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
1	-1	 worst doctor of all time, please dont be as foolish as i was, his on concern is to get money and get it fast. it 2 consultations, 1 in which he was present (2nd time) because i was rushed out my first one, he looked at me, told me i needed a lift and a D would fill me out, 5 mins later he was out the door and in a rush because he had a train to catch&#63; &gt;:o i was so aggravated because he didnt even explained to me how a lift procedure was like, i had to do this on my own time.  i went in confused and left the same, luckly my mom convinced me to call back and explain to them how horrible of a job they did and ask for a 2nd consulation, assuming i would be talking to the doctor, negative, i needed up with a snobby nurse who was just aggravated everytime i ask another question, apparently she must of been a rush, my question is why schedule someone in if everyones always in a rush to get in and out&#63; 	2	2	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$10500
1	-1	commentsHorrible! I had mastopexy with augmentation and have experienced lateral displacement and bottoming out. However, this MD refuses to acknowledge his error...in fact actually said &quot; I am the best of the best&quot; meanwhile im in tears! I am an educated RN with realistic expectations. I will seek a revision from a different surgeon. There are so many things I have left out, however please trust me when I say ...keep looking! Paid/Co-pay:$11000	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	commentsI've had Dr. Z twice and After reading these reviews, I think you all got the WRONG Doctor. He was very helpful, polite, and a great surgeon. His work is renound all over the U.S. and he writes for medical journals. Get your facts straight!! BTW, a doctor isnt there to make friends, he is there to do a job. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
1	0	 Had no time for consult, he slid in like Kramer on Seinfeld and spent less than 5 mins telling me about my surgery, when the surgery was over, the procedure was different than what was described. He didn't show up in recovery,no contact with him at all. He is arrogant and seems offended if you ask him a question. The office staff are inept also. They were calling me during a procedure at another location for the procedure with Dr Z. @ hours early and were mad when I reminded them of the proper time. Luckily I was on my way when I received the fifth call. All they are interested in are taking pictures and collecting money. They even screwed up my TDI. No follow up ,if you can steer clear you should.  	2	2	1	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
1	-1	 extremely rude, he took about 30seconds to consult with me, he was also chewing gum or eating something while doing so which i found to be very annoying and unprofessional.  extremely arrogant as well.  his staff not helpful one bit, i got the run-around from them on several occasions, in which one of them got short tempered with me and started to raise her voice and talk through me.  I didn't even go through with the scheduled surgery because he made me so uncomfortable.  clearly doesn't care about the clients concerns.  He showed that when he was in and out the room in less then a minute,  hes only concerned with making as much money as possible.                                       In conclusion, absolute worst plastic surgeon.   avoid! 	1	2	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	-1	commentsI HAD TWO SURGERIES WITH THIS DOCTOR, ONE BY CHOICE AND THE OTHER BECAUSE I WAS DISGUSTED WITH THE RESULTS,I HAD THE SURGERY REPEATED WITH NO BETTER RESULTS. COSMETIC SURGERY IS A PERSONAL CHOICE, IT IS EXPENSIVE AND YOU SHOULD GET WHAT YOU WANT. WE DISCUSSED MY SURGERY IN DETAIL AND EXACTLY THE OUTCOME I HAD HOPED FOR. HE FULLY AGREED DURING THE PRE-OP VISITS, HOWEVER, THIS DOCTOR DOES WHAT HE THINKS LOOKS GOOD INSTEAD OF WHAT THE PATIENT WANTS. I NOW GO OUT OF MY WAY TO DISCOURAGE ANYONE FROM CHOOSING HIM FOR SURGERY, I WASTED ALOT OF MONEY TO GET THE RESULTS HE WAS HAPPY WITH. ADDITIONALLY HE IS SO ARROGANT THAT WHEN YOU EXPRESS YOUR DISAPPOINTMENT TO HIM HE BECOMES RUDE AND CAUSTIC, GOING SO FAR AS TO MAKE INAPPROPRIATE COMMENTS, TAKE MY WORD FOR IT GO ELSEWHERE... 	1	1	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	 I was referred to Dr. Lili Zeng by a friend of my mother's because I have been having chronic back pain. She was very courteous and answered all my questions in her consultation, which was free by the way. I opted to have the treatment immediately after the consultation. The office is clean and comfortable and the treatment experience itself was free of discomfort. I went back for two followup treatments and in the subsequent weeks I felt better, and it definitely took the edge off the pain. If it returns, I will definitely be going back for more treatment.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$15
6	1	 Dr. Z is wonderful and very caring. I have been a patient there for 11 years. Sadly, I am leaving because he is no longer doing OB but is expanding his practice to include cosmetic surgery. He is an excellent OB and person in general but the person he hired to take over his OB patients is not nice at all.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	 I have been going to Dr Zwetchkenbaum for many years.  He is always thorough and very knowledgeable in his profession.  He is a very good doctor.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	 very attentive and spends as much time as you need.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	 He is very quick and knowledgeable.  Just the kind of doctor to 'see'.  Very assessable, and short wait time.  Some surgeries done in office.  He knows what to do.  If you have a problem in the AM, he can see you that afternoon.  I know you will be satisfied.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
15	1	commentsDr. Zeller is remarkable. He is extremely understanding, easy to speak with, offers valuable advice and critiques, and is always right on time.  A++ 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	 Dr. Zeller has been my primary care physician for over ten year. She is very compassionate and a good listener. Dr. Zeller is thorough in her examinations and very knowledgeable. I have recommended her to several of my colleagues and neighbors.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$35
17	-1	 I used Medicare and Medicaid on my doctor visit. I went to see Dr. Zeller several times but she showed no interest in finding the source of my pain. I tried to go to other doctors but when they read the notes on my records they refused to treat me too. I am still in constant and increased pain that it has become difficult for me to sleep now even with pain reliever. Dr. Zeller told me the reason for my pain was noted in my records but she refused to tell me. I tried to get my medical records to find out what it was for myself but I was denied purchase of my complete medical records. I still don't know what is wrong and I feel I have the right to know if I am dying or not. No one wants to tell me they pull up my account and look at me in grief and say they can't help me. I would like to know what is wrong with my health and how long I have left to live if that indeed is the case here. I feel I am not being treated fairly.  	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
17	1	 An outstanding physician.  Very prompt and easy to get in to see when it's important.  I've been very impressed with her diagnostic ability as well as the level of caring and compassion she has.  As an RN, I expect a great deal from my doctors and Dr. Zeller exceeds my expectations frerquently.  I highly recommend her.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	commentsVery good bedside manner. Called after my surgery, didn't rush me off the phone-really listened to me. Even asked how I was treated by everyone else at the hospital! I would recommend him to anyone with a foot problem. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	 Dr. Z has taken care of my children for 15 years. Unfortunatley, my older child has 'aged' out of the pediatrician's care and soon my second one will 'age' out also. We switched to Dr. Ziegler when our previous Providence based pediatrician insisted that I was wrong and refused to test my 3 year old for Lyme's Disease. I called Narragansett Bay and my child was seen by Dr. Ziegler who ordered the Lyme tests which were positive. My daughter was treated and recovered. (and treated and recovered 10 years later too!) Dr. Z. took the time to know my children and because of that familiarity on another occasion she diagnosed a disease and referred us to a specialist which saved my child. She has a kind, caring quality and really listens to mom and her young patients. She is wonderful with the little ones and can draw out the most reluctant teenager.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$15
23	1	commentsVery Friendly 		4	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	commentsDr. Zipin is incredible and will do everything he can for you. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	 Dr. Zaklynski performed an emergency cholecystectomy(gall bladder removal) at Newport Hospital approximately 15 years ago. My friend just informed me that she is at Newport Hospital's ER and has to have her gall bladder out.  That is when I recommended Dr. Z. to her and found this website to locate his phone number. I remember him vividly because of his warm and compassionate bedside manner, his thoroughness of examination, the way he included me and my family in the decision-making treatment process, and his high ethical standards.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
46	1	 Dr Z is a phenomenal surgeon and old school gentleman. Very dry sense of humor. Keeps his own schedule. Totally teliable.  Performed emergency surgery on me and saved my life! 	3	5	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	0	 I waited for my husband after surgery and was told that Dr. Zaklynsky would let me know how the surgery went.  It was a case done before lunch and I was not informed of my husband's status and had to ask the front desk to check on him.  	3	5	1	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	commentsI have been in newport hospital 5 times with other problems and other doctors since this wonderful doctor operated on me........and although i wasn't his patient for those other operations , he was the first person to come to see me when I arrived............he cares and has a dry sense of humor amd is well repected throughout the hospital............he has given me a new life.....a great guy and a wonderful doctor 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	commentsYou cannot find a more skilled, or more compassionate, general surgeon anywhere. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	commentsDr. Zaklynsky is one of the most caring and dedicated medical surgeons at Newport Hospital.  I would trust him with my life. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
46	-1	comments 	3	3	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	 Extremely thorough and knowledgeable. Ruled out heart condition for our daughter but took the time to write lengthy report to her pediatrician with several recommendations for treatment and diagnostic search. The best specialist we got to see and compare during that awful period.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
51	-1	 Terrible unsympathethic staff-(Erica) Zero common sense-sends you for lab work knowing they will be closed and unable to get results back-then the answer is to go to a walk in-could have done that to begin with.  This practice is not there for you in an emeregency type situation.  	1	2	1	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	0	 I got my biopsy back and I don't have cancer and I swear Dr Zizza seemed disappointed &#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63; Maybe I'm a little overly sensitive but someone needs to teach this guy how to speak to his patients.  	2	2	2	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	-1	 this guy looks like a clown and he is.stay away from this dr.  you would'nt want to risk your life 	4	3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	 Dr. Zizza is a fantastic doctor with a personality to match. He also performed the surgery I needed after he diagnosed my condition and did a wonderful job. I would highly recommend him to anyone who needs care from a specialist in urology. Yes, you will usually have around an hour wait, but if you want to see a good doctor, it is well worth it. Office staff is helpful as well.  	4	2	5	5	Insurance:TuftsPaid/Co-pay:$15
51	-1	commentsI had 3 appointments with this practice. I arrived on time for every appointment and waited over an hour each time to be seen. No apologies or explanations from the staff. Waiting room was over crowded. Doctor was rushed and did not fully explained procedures.  Had me go through multiple procedures to make a diagnosis that could have been made with a simple test ( I learned this after going for a second opinion) Office dragged out the process of transferring my records to the second opinion doctor. Took them 2.5 weeks to fax over  a single page with my test results. To be fair his diagnosis was confirmed by the second doctor who only needed to do one test not order a battery of tests 	1	1	3	1	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	 He his  very good and knowledgeble.Quick in identifying the problem and finding the solution.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	 Very helpful to my husband when overseas on deployment,took his calls promply and offered assistance.God bless Dr. Zizza.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	 Dr. Zizza was knowledgeable, attentive, and very professional while attending to my husband's medical needs.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	 Dr Zizza has an excellent personality. He is an excellent Doctor who care about his patients.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:HealthPartners
51	1	commentsDuring my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was an amazing success!Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	commentsExtremely knowledgable, caring and professional. Have recommended him to all of my friends.He has a truly &quot;holistic&quot; approach. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	commentsVery, very good at what he does.  Was able to relieve my back pain in one session.  Truly cares about his patients and takes time to listen.   Only drawback; his accent is VERY thick and he can be difficult to understand at times. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	commentsnice mannerism 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	 Very knowledgeable and friendly physician. This guy actually listens to you when you speak and display sincere interest. Accurate diagnoses and correct drug prescribed. Staff was both friendly and courteous.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
56	1	commentsIt seems today that Dr.'s want thier patients to come to them when they only have one thing wrong with them. More than that seems to be to difficult to handle. I hate the statement more and more are useing these days! &quot;If you could pick one thing that's bothering you the most, what would it be&#63;&quot; If you are like me, you usually go into the office with several issues happening at once, hence why I've grow to dislike this queations so much. Sometimes the variety of ailments alone can tell the doctor what's going on with you, so how can only one problem be addressed at a time. It didn't use to be this way with Dr.Zibrida, but sadley it is now.When you have several chronic illnesses, I feel, you need a doctor who looks at the whole picture not just one tiny speck of it.With me anyway, this is how it's become. I have to ask for certain test to be run when I think it's so clearly the next step. And when I have requested certain test be done and he does do them, they are a 	5	4	5	2	Insurance:Unknown
67	0	 I also found his reception staff to be exceptionally rude.  	1	3	3	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$25
67	-1	 Reception staff rude.  Doctor did only a cursury check and then billed for a complete skin exam.  Never explained what anything I asked him about was, just would say &quot;I wouldn't worry about it. &quot; 	2	5	1	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$25
