dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
2	-1	 Problem with post-op infection. Passed off &quot;wound-care&quot; with comment that there's nothing more he could do, yet never given antibiotics.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	 Dr Larkin operated on both my eyes and I would recommend her highly to anyone.  She is top rate in my book.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
5	1	 Dr. Larkin recently operated on me to remove cataracts. At her suggestion, she implanted newly-perfected toric lenses. The result was the cataracts were gone and so was my astigmatism! Not only can I see better than I did with bifocals, she adjusted  the prescriptions of each eye individually, so one is more for distance and the other for reading! I now really do not need to wear glasses at all tho &quot;readers&quot; make things a bit more comfortable for the &quot;distance&quot; eye if I am reading at length. If I were to choose just one word to describe the end result, it would have to be &quot;miraculous&quot;. I am totally thrilled and highly recommend Dr. Larkin to anyone heading down the &quot;cataract removal path&quot;.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
28	1	 Superb physician. Caring, careful and honest. Would drive 5x as long to keep him as our family's doc! Consistently follows up, always prepared for our appointment.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$15
42	1	commentsMay God Bless Dr. Edward Lally, All I can say is THANK YOU! I was a patient of Dr. Lally's for many years. He was a brilliant doctor and a most kind hearted person. I now live in FL and I have yet to find a doctor who can compare to Dr. Lally. If I am not mistaken, Dr. Lally is researching connective tissue disorders, my Mom died from scleroderma. I wish Dr. Lally the best in his endeavors. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	 Was a patient of Dr.L'Europas.  Had a medical emergency and ended up in the hospital. ER contacted him...No response. I contacted him the next day. No respone. Numours messages left - NEVER got a call back.  DO NOT GO HERE! 	2	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	 This past summer I was stricken with full-blown migraine w/ aura lasting over 2 months and so severe I could not sleep, work, drive, think, and barely functioned. Referred to Dr. L'Europa by my primary care doctor...an MRI and CAT Scan ruled out anything critical and was completely evaluated at NeuroHealth.  Treatment included a comprehensive mind/body and medicinal approach to identify triggers and treat debilitating migraine pain. I credit Dr. L'Europa and his team of professionals for getting me back on my feet and back to work.  After reading some of the negative reviews on this site I decided to share my experience...not every person will respond well to this unique treatment facility because sufferers must be willing to benefit from a multiple approach to wellness:  medicinal, physical therapy, and behavior modification.  It required full participation... I'm grateful to this team of professionals for educating and helping me to manage migraines, and for restoring my life! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	 I first met with Dr. Leuropa in the late 1990's when he thoroughly assessed and referred me to the only doctor in state who had the expertise to diagnose a very  unique form of migraines.In January 2011,my endocrinologist urged me to return to Dr L'Europa's NeuroHealth Facility. I was amazed to find a vastly expanded practice which includes many neuro-specialists;doctors,nurses,Physician's Assistants and a whole floor devoted to NeuroPhysical Therapy.During each appointment with these specialists,Dr. L'Europa met with me personally.His genuine interest and concern for my health and well being has been evident in his willingness to answer questions and provide comfort at times when I've needed it most,lead me to trust in him and the other gifted professionals he has hired to work with him.These words:bright,genuine,kind,thorough and professional pefectly describe Dr. Gary L'Leuropa.NeuroHealth is clearly his baby and a total success.I would encourage anyone to seek his care.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	-1	 I have seen this doctor in 2006 for Headache(migraines) and he spent less than 5 minutes with me. He ordered al kinds of tests which I think unnecessary. He comes and fly even during EMG or EEG (which I don't remember). He won't answer our questions. After that every visit seen by RN not him. A patient needs Assurance from Doctor which you won't get it. I realized and changed the doctor. Don't judge by his medical degree.  	3	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	-1	commentsHe is an arrogant jerk.Period.The other poster is right.He has no time for you,his NPs do all the work.Well,I am not paying to see your NP.My problem requires a competant nuerologist which he is not.All he did was come in and out to shoot me up with trigger point injections that do not work for most people I know.I timed him once,he saw me in under 3 minutes.That was the average.First visit to evaluate me,under 5.Please don't waste your time like I did.He does not care about you or your pain.Obviously it must be the $.Having the means to graduate from Brown does not make you a good doctor.NO compassion whatsoever.I suspect if the good ol doc had to miss his life due to constant,crippling pain,then maybe he would understand.It's clear he does not.I'm sure the good reviews online were written by him since he is arrogant enough to read them all and sometimes comment.Do your patients a favor doctor and retire,I'm sure you have a nice set of golf clubs waiting. 	4	4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	 I suffer from a rare neurological disorder that I have had since birth.  Dr. L'Europa was very knowledgeable, caring, and very sympathetic to my situation.  I will recommend him to anyone who is in need of neurologic care.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
45	-1	 Ok, my impression of Dr L'Europa was one of distrust. Let me explain why: 20 minutes late seeing me. The nurse did the work up ( his name is Joe and he is BEYOND wonderful). The Dr comes in for the last 5 minutes and brings nothing. I have nerve damage in my leg and had very specific questions about the EMG. When he answered the question I could tell that he uses EXTREMELY EVASIVE language. It was like listening to Clinton during the Ken Starr questioning. He's talking but he is not caring or listening. I was very conflicted. Ultimately I cancelled all further appointments with him.  The reason being that when I thought of him in charge of my care , I felt fear. Fear that he is not invested in any way as to how I need to be cared for.  This part of his career is done. He has a lot of power, respect and ego. He can now be on whatever track he chooses. He seems to have chosen to strictly diagnose and fix. No more, no less. Never settle for this. Find a Dr you feel GOOD about.  	4	2	2	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	commentsI have cared for more than 60,000 patients since 1987. We routinely give patient satisfaction forms to every patient and all have been uniformly satisfied and would and have referred friends and family. Unfortunately there will always be people who are not happy with your explanation of their diagnosis or their treatment. As in all of life there are a small percentage of people who will never be satisfied. It is difficult to comment on individual cases without knowing the patient's name and their circumstances. In all cases where a problem has been brought to our attention we have worked diligently to resolve the problem. Unfortunately with the current state of health care, ancillary personnel such as nurse practitioners has become a necessity. I do feel sites like this would be helpful if a sample of patients were polled, as it selects out for the few patients who were not happy. To the patients that have commented here, I can only say that I am available at anytime to speak with you. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
45	0	 I was one of his first patients and at that time found him to be caring and knowledgeable; he dx'd my illness after I had gone through 12 drs. and 3 yrs of frustration. Unfortunately, I always felt I knew more about my condition than he did since I read up on everything and had to correct him a few times. My confidence withered when I found out that a med an ex-rheumatologist planned to put me on was contraindicated for the neuromuscular disease Dr. L'Europa was treating me for, and this was AFTER Dr. L'Europa had ok'd me to take the med. I found out about the med by checking it out prior to going on it. I was livid. I also found that as the yrs. went by, I was shuffled off to nurse practioner and then he wanted to transfer me to another dr. there since my disease was not his specialty.  Time to find another neuro, which I have since.  	3	4	3	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	 Long wait on a snowy day. NP did elec. shock procedure to check for carpul tunnel in both hands and was very pleasant.  He came in like a flash, then left and came back to do muscle puncture tests which hurt like hell!  After he was finished and on his way out the door, he turns and says to me &quot;you may want to wipe the blood on your arms with that gauze over there.&quot;  I was bleeding in 3 spots on both arms and later on had several bruises from those punctures!  Ouch! Not very considerate a person.  	4	3	3	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	 i guess you could say this rating is more for his nurse practitioner than for Dr. Europa. In the years I've been with his office, i've only seen him 2 times.  The NP is wonderful and always takes time and answers my questions.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	-1	 He is a horrible doctor.  I had an appointment with the doctor and the receptionist informed me I was seeing some nurse practitioner.  I went for all sorts of tests prior to the meeting and the nurse practitioner was the person to tell me I have an aneurysm in my brain, instead of the doctor.  That is wrong, I had a ton of questions and she was unable to answer them.  Needless to say I left and never went back.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	-1	 Was referred by my PCP for lifelong migraines which are not responding to Imitrex or Relpax.  Am also on alpha blockers as a preventative but still getting migraines. I also have trouble with balance and other symptoms that made my PCP suspect MS.  This jerk took one look at the list of drugs I am on and said because I take pain meds for spinal arthritis he couldn't help me and left the room.  Waited over 45 mins for my appointment.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	0	commentsThis doc always seems in a hurry; you're lucky if you get 5 minutes with him. He doesn't listen. I got a copy of my records from his office and he didn't write down most of what I told him, plus he got some information completely wrong. He has no bedside manner, is quick and dismissive and was very rough in administering my EMG test, poking me with needles in a hurried, non-empathetic way. He talked about himself and his problems way too much. When I expressed doubt about one his med choices for me, he acted as though he took it as a personal affront, and from that time forward he was curt and impatient with me. His office seems way too busy, like a cattle drive; don't expect any personal concern or attention. 	4	4	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	 I found his staff unable to explain things in layman's terms. I felt that I was a source of revenue for their corporation - nothing more. I was appalled to find that their initial lab sheet tests for VDRL - which is a VD test.  	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	 THE TIME I SAW HIM ON A REFERRAL FROM ANOTHER DOCTOR I FOUND HIM VERY HELPFUL. SAW HIM REGARDING VERY BAD HEADACHES FOR WHICH I WS TO HAVE MRI. DIDN'T DO TO PERSONAL CIRCUMSTANCES & HEADACHES STOPPING. DID ASK HIM QUESTTIONS REAGARDIN DEMENTIA AND ALZHEMIERS AS IT RUNS IN FAMILY & WAS AFRAID I WAS STARTING WITH IT. HE VERY NICELY SAT WITH ME AND EXPLAINED ALL ABOUT THEM AND THEN HAD HIS, I BELIEVE HER TITLE IS NURSE PRACTITIONER GIVE ME A COUPLE TESTS TO RELIEVE MY MIND & SHOW ME I DIDN'T HAVE EITHER PROBLLEM. HE HAS A LITTLE STRANGE SENSE OF HUMOR BUT THAT WAS ALL I NOTICED. HE WAS FAR BETER THAN OTHER NEUROLOGISTS I HAVE SEEN IN RI AND IN CALIF AS FAR AS BEING WILLING TO GIVE INFO.  AND NOT IGNORE YOUOR QUESTIONS 		3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	-1	commentsi have a seizure disorder. pre-testing showed no abnormalities. because there were no conclusive results and i quote him verbatum, &quot;you must be bringing the seizures on yourself! since that time it has been determined i have temporal lobe seizures which MRI's and other testing at Mass General Hospital has confirmed. He is the most arrogant man i have ever met. 		2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	commentsI actually look forward to my dental appointments. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	 Dr Lampal is a gem.  He talks directly to the children, even the infants.  He has a very calming presence and you know your children are safe in his hands.  By far the best pediatrician ever.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	 He is the best Doctor for children. He is always attentive to their problems no matter what their age is. He always calls you back, especially if there is a problem. We hated when we had to give him up.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	 Dr Lampal is one of the best DR's I've ever met in my entire life and I've met a lot of them in my work as an EMT. He really cares about the children he works on and makes them feel like they are the only person in the world he cares about to. I trust my three childrens life to Dr lampal and he has never let me or them down, not once.  I highly reccomend you bring your children to see him! 		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$1500
66	1	.  very good dr 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	 I love Dr. Lally. Best GP I've ever had. Friendly, caring, and thorough. She checks in on how you're doing overall before assisting with your reason for a visit. I feel like more than a number when I see her and always feel better after talking to her.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
67	1	 Dr. Lally is awesome!  She is fun, knowledgeable and thorough.  Easily the best GP I have ever had.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$10
67	1	commentsDr. Lally is the most caring doctor I've ever seen.  She spends enough time with me and let's me ask questions freely.  She is supportive and I always feel better after I leave her office. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
69	-1	.   	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	-1	 THIS DOCTOR IS OCP AND A FREAK. I WENT A FEW TIMES AND I NEVER HAVE BEEN SO INSULTED IN MY INTIRE LIFE. BEFORE I EVEN MADE IT IN TO THE LITTLE GROSS EXAM HE WOULD TALK ABOUT ME AS IF I WERE TRASH IN THE HALL WAY. THIS DOCTOR IS RUDE, CREEPY, UNPROFESSIONAL. THE SAD THING IS I BET THIS DOCTOR'S**** STINKS MORE THAN MINE. I HATE IN LIFE A BIG PHOENY KNOM IT ALL. I FEEL THIS DOCTOR WILL FALL FROM GRACE. I KNOW I WOULD NEVER REFER MY GIRL FRIEND OR FRIENDS TO THIS DOCTOR. EVEN THE OFFICE HELP WAS RUDE AND UPSETTING. IF I WERE DR. SAINT JEAN I WOULD HAVE BOOTED LANCELLOTTI OUT A LONG TIME AGO. HE IS RUINING HIS BUSINESS.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	1	 20+ years I've been a pt of Dr. LaFazia, he is personable, sincere, caring and knowledgeable. Wait time is sometimes long, but well worth it. If you want a dr who rushes you in, and rushes you out, Dr. LaFazia is not the dr. for you... he doesn't push pills on you, he LISTENS and reacts to what your needs are. I have 100% trust in him, I highly reccommend him to anyone who is looking for a competent, down to earth, always dependable physician.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	-1	commentsThis doctor is a joke. He misdiagnosed my mother. She seen him all the time due to pain that she was having. Also her liver functions were always high. All he did was tell her she needed to stop drinking my mother never drank. And as for the pain just gave her pain meds. When my mother had enough he then sent her for tests. She passed away 2weeks later. And when she was in the hospital he would not even talk to us he avoided us. So if you need a doctor for the sniffles hes your doctor but let me tell you he is stuck on him self not interested in helping you. He is why my mother is not hear now. We did not even get to say good by. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	commentsI absolutely love Dr. Lafazia and Dr.Kelly, I have been going to them for 3 years now. I find them both to be very knowledgeable, and they actual listen to me when I talk, and neither are pill pushers. They decide what is best for me, and Luanne Kelly for the past few months now has helped me to get my Diabetes in control. I do recommend both of them to anyone who wants a dr. that listens and works for you not the Insurance company. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	 I have been going to dr lafazia for years and I love having him as my primary... There are a few issues that I would say are negatives. First he does sometimes over book and you will sit there. As someone else mentioned he does tend to ramble about himself and love life on occasion. He isn't a pill pusher as far as dangerous meds are concerned. He is very personable and I get along great with him and that means a lot to me personally. The biggest problem I have is with his secretaries! They are extremely dismissive, don't return phone calls and constantly mess up things! Not to mention that they hardly answer when u call.. Either u get voice mail cause there on the line talking or they won't pick up. Forget about leaving a message 75% of the time you won't get a call back. If her got better help things could be improve a lot. As far as knowledge he is pretty good. He will help you out if your in a bind and that to me says a lot.  Great doctor! 	2	3	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	-1	 I CAN'T BELIEVE SOMEONE WOULD RECOMMEND ANYONE HERE ENLESS YOU NEED MEDS BECAUSE THEY ONES THAT DON'T NO WHAT'S GOING ON. AND IF HE IS SO KNOWLEDGEABLE WHY DID HE NEED TO TAKE SO MY TEST X-RAYS THEN CATS ON THE SAME AREA... HELLO FOR THE INSURANCE MONEY NOT ME, BECAUSE I NEEDED A OPERATION AFTER LEAVING HIS OFFICE I WAS TOLD TO SUCK IT UP.  BAD CHOICE UNLESS YOU NEED MEDICATION HILL GIVE IT TO YOU I HEARD THAT IN EVERY ROOM 	2	1	3	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
79	1	 I am a fairly new patient of Dr.Lafazia but I feel very comfortable around him. I had some serious backpains and he was able to straighten me right out..And he is not a pill pusher like I read before, he was careful not to give me anything harmful.  Great guy, a real Rhode Islander! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
79	1	 I've been seeing Frank and Lou-ann for years. THE best EVER!!! I don't care if there is a wait..they're worth seeing. Always get my questions answered..my sister and brother-in-law also come here.. like I said  &quot;THE BEST!!!&quot; if ya don't have anything nice to say..don't say anything at all!!!go somewhere else!!!! there's a reason why theres a wait..they're good.. they don't just rush ya in and out!!they actually take their time and listen to you!! they also see you the same day your sick!! recommend ya, DOC!!!! 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
79	0	.   	1	1	2	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	1	 Great dr.  some times you wait to long but he listens and is thorough 	5	2	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	1	commentsGreat Doctor, I have no medical insurance...I have and will continue to recommend him to others 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	 I WENT TO DR. LAFAZIA AFTER YEARS OF ANOTHER FAMILY DR.  I WAS TAKING 9 PRES. A DAY AND FEELING LOUSY.  AFTER COMPLETE CHECK UP I TAKE 3 PRES. AND FEEL LIKE A NEW PERSON.  I HAVE HAD TO WAIT ON SEVERAL OCCASIONS BUT THAT IS BECAUSE HE DOES SEE PEOPLE WHO ARE SICK WHEN THEY ARE SICK.........NOT 2 WEEKS LATER.   HE ALSO WILL CALL WHEN THEIR IS A PROBLEM AFTER BLOOD WORK.  I WOULD RECOMMEND HIM TO ANYONE.  VERY SATISFIED.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
79	1	 One of the very few doctors that will see you the same day that you call.  You may have to wait a long time but at least you can get treatment when you are actually sick, rather than in 2 weeks like other primary care doctors. This is a VERY busy office and although the staff seems overworked they try their best to be friendly and helpful.  	5	1	4	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
79	1	 Frank is a veryknowledgable Doc. Ewas always right on w/ my diagnosis. The office is run poorly though. I'm not sure if they don't know what they are doing or don't care. It is what it is attitude. I had an 8:30 and didn't see him till 11:30 ... of course my BP is high. Though it might be a fluke but it happened several other times. Finally had enough and got another doc. I don't wait 10 min now. But he's no Frank. I would have stayed but I don't have that kind of time to wait.  	1	1	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	0	 9:30 appointment and you are lucky to see him before 11:00. Stopped going about two years ago. He overbooks his appointments and you ask for an appointment with Dr. Lafazia and usually end up with his nurse practioner.  	2	1	2	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	0	 I stopped going to this doctor a few years ago, mostly because he is too consumed with talking about himself and whoever he is dating rather than getting to my or my children's health issues.  If he talked less about himself and more about his patients, he'd be much more efficient 	3	2	2	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	1	commentsDuring my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was an amazing success!Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		4	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
79	-1	commentsDuring my visit I felt that I was treated poorly.I would NEVER recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was a complete waste of time and money.Overall I would rate this visit : AWFUL! 		1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	 I have found Dr. Lanna very direct, which might put some people off, but I prefer this. She is very precise in her language, and very thoughtful and clinical in her assessments of your health or ailments. She thinks like a scientist, meaning that she wants to figure out the source of the problem, rather than just writing a prescription. I consider myself very lucky to have become one of her patients.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
83	-1	 I've seen Dr. Lanna since I was 12 (about ten years now).  She always makes me wait, which would be fine if it was worth it - but its not.  She misdiagnosed me with Lyme, and made me take several different drugs, AFTER my test results came back negative.  She frequently says unprofessional things.  When I first met her when I was 12, I said &quot;Hi, how are you&#63;&quot; because she burst into the room without addressing me.  She responded &quot;Eh.. not great, I just had to change my pants because I bled through a tampon.&quot;  She has also repeatedly complained to me that her other patients are stupid. Apparently impressed with my recent BS degree, she asked me how I cope with all the stupid people in RI. (&#63;)  I could keep giving examples, but it would be redundant.  Overall, she's either unknowledgeable or doesn't care enough to try, she's completely unprofessional with her comments, and she views her patients as dollar signs.  	3	1	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
83	1	 I have been going to Dr. Lanna for 13 years now and absolutely love her.  I know she has had her days when she isn't the friendliest but that was during the time when I think she was having a lot of medical issues herself.  Other than that, I have always found her to be very, very thorough and helpful.  She does do a lot of tests but she wants to make sure she doesn't miss anything.  I think her staff has always been very nice and respectful.  I just went in for my physical the other day and she said she is going to start using e-mail, which is great.  I don't think I've ever waited over 30 minutes for her but I usually go to early appointments anyways.  I love having Dr.  Lanna as my PCP! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	 This is a very good doctor! I've been to others and none have provided me with the level of attention or care that Dr. Lanna has. She's been a great help to me.  When I first started going to her, 2-years ago, I was very ill with several conditions. She spent a lot of time with me to get things corrected. Now, I’m much healthier - and more health conscious - than I ever was.   If you're not serious about doing what the doctor tells you e.g. get your tests performed and follow through with the specialists, change your diet and lifestyle, take prescribed meds and vitamins, etc., etc. then don't go to Dr. Lanna...she has a low tolerance for people who aren't genuinely serious about doing what it is needed to get better.   I'm glad she's my PCP! 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	 Being a patient of Dr Lanna has its pros and cons. A Pro being that if you come to her with a health issue she will go above and beyond to try and figure out the cause. It is true that she will send you for numerous tests to try to figure out whats happening. I would much rather go through the tests than have a doctor that shrugs off your medical complaints and just sends you home with the suggestion of &quot;bed rest&quot;. A possible con would be that Dr Lanna is prone to prescribe sometimes controversial medicine when she thinks she has come up with the cause of your medical issue. This happened once and after reading about the med,I came back and told her I wasnt comfortable taking it.She was understanding.I like that she also tries alternative treatments, like vitamins. I have experienced one rude secretary there, she reminded me of a snappy teen. The rest have been very sweet. Dr Lanna can be quirky but she is defintely passionate and knowledgeable.  Plus the new derm is great! 	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$15
83	-1	commentsOk! SO here is my complaint. I have never been so mortified and hurt in my life. Dr Lanna is the most unhelpful Dr in the world. She seems confused all the time and always blaming the patient for her mistakes so i am over it with this doctor. She has sent me for the same test four times and doesnt seem to understand the results. She tells me one thing and then the next visit is like oh i never said that. I feel for her staff. I think the Staff does the best they can working for a &quot;QUACK&quot;. tHE sTAFF HAS ALWAYS TREATED AND GREETED ME WITH RESPECT. hOWEVER THE DOCTOR IS AWFUL. I HAVE FINALLY STARTED TO LOOK FOR A NEW DOCTOR AFTER ONLY BEING THERE A FEW MONTHS. I FEEL SHE DOESNT LISTEN TOT HE PATIENT ONLY WRITES WHAT SHE WANTS AND WHO EVER HEARD OF A DOCTOR THAT DOESNT ALLOW YOU TO EXPLAIN YOUR SYMPTOMS AND NOT GET UPSET. I WISH THIS DOCTOR COULD TAKE A HARD LOOK IN HER OWN BACK YARD AND SEE SHE IS ARROGANT AND IGNORANT AND HURTFUL. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
83	-1	 Dr. Lanna has had the same policy for years.  She does not practice medicine over the phone.  It is not cost effective. Her staff has always done the best they can.  If you read the previous ratings you will see the same comments about her staff.   If you have gone there for a few years you know that the staff is constantly changing and yet the complaints stay the same. Dr. Lanna runs her office the way she chooses.  It is her practice.  	4	1	1	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	-1	 Her staff is soo bad that she will soon loose all of her patients when they realize it.  They never fax reports, give the doctor her messages, she doesn't return them when you do leave one.  They are totally incompetent idiots.  	1	3	1	3	Insurance:United Healthcare
83	1	 Dr. Lanna has saved my life, and I must say, I think I'm the cause for some of the other complaints from previous comments.  I need to talk to her, for her to explain my situation, and she makes sure to give me that time, even if it means her other patients have to wait.    In this community, many doctors dont send out many tests - Dr. Lanna does.  She wants to make sure she doesnt miss your diagnosis. I call this thorough, and dont know why this would be a problem for anyone.  Many doctors take shortcuts - she never does.  If you want a doctor who skips over important steps in order to stay on time, go somewhere else.  If you want a genuine doctor, a kind person, someone committed to finding you health, see dr.  lanna 	4	2	5	5	Insurance:GHIPaid/Co-pay:$20
83	0	commentsI've been going to Dr. Lanna for about 10 years, but am currently looking for a new doctor. She and her staff have become increasingly unhelpful. I have never been able to speak to her on the phone. I must always make an appointment. She makes you come for things other doctors would handle on the phone and I don't have insurance, so it is at least $75 for a 5 minute consult each time I must come in. If I have tests done I am never called with results, I don't find out anything until the next time I come in. She thought a symptom I was having was related to my childhood epilepsy. I went to my neurologist and it was a side effect from the high dosage of a medication she had me on. Paid/Co-pay:$100	1	2	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	 I have been with Dr. Lanna's practice for 10 years being seen by Gretchen Hitchcock, RNP  (who is wonderful, but not seeing patients) The first time I saw Dr. Lanna she threatened to throw me out of her practice if I didn't follow her recomendations.  She stated that she didn't take care of patients who will end up dead on having a heart attack.  That was a huge wake up call for me, although it took me a while to accept it. Although it was tough to take, it was true and thats what I pay a doctor to do, to manage my healthcare.  Yes you wait, but she always answers all my questions and I feel she is answering others questions too. I never feel rushed during my time with her. She has also been very helpful with prescriptions ordering generic and looking for those which cost less per my insurance carrier. I do see her every 4 months, with labs but I believe that frequent monitoring leads to early diagnosis.  	3	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	-1	 I was a patient of Dr Lanna for about 8 years....she's a lovely person, but something is  not right with her.  For the most part, her staff has never been helpful...they are terrible & rude. Dr Lanna is always LATE...and she recently diagnosed me with an illness an didn't have! She is TEST HAPPY, she wants tests for everything under the sun, won't return phone calls, wants &quot;follow-up&quot; visits every 3-4 months, will never call in a prescription refill, and is very difficult  to contact (other than making an appointment & waiting 1 to 2 hours to be seen). I feel really bad that i had to leave her practice, but the misdiagnosed was the last straw for me....that place is scary.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	-1	 I have been seeing Dr. Lanna for about 15 years. A small practice in her home. Sha was wonderful. But, some time later after her divorce she start to fail me. I sat for over an hour an no told me she could see me. If I miss a visit I would be charged $50.00. But she repeatedly cancelled on me. My time is money also. At one point I was having pain in my legs, she told me without a single test that I had Gout. I started to pay close attention to the pain. I returned and told her , that I believed the pain was caused by the amount of time I spent driving. She got heated and said if were going to treat myself, I need not return... I haven't.  	2	1	2	2	Insurance:United Healthcare
83	-1	 Dr. Lanna appeared confused several times when I saw her during the 2 yrs she was my PCP. She misread my son's cardiac report and thought it was mine. Although I was at first impressed that she was willing to treat my chronic Lyme, another doctor on Cape Cod told me her treatment was &quot;misguided&quot;. She also misdiagnosed me with herpes and had me on Valtrex for no reason. She referred me to a neurosurgeon for neck pain and then wouldn't prescribe the required post-op physical therapy without seeing me.  Wouldn't refill prescriptions unless I saw her every 6 weeks - even for chronic migraines.  Waited hours for appointments many times while she saw drug company reps.  I wouldn't recommend her to anybody.  I watched her erase part of my medical records (everything is done on computer) and change her notes from previous visits.  	2	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	-1	 Worst doctor ever. I would never recommend this woman to anyone shes not worth the time or the money. She thinks she know everything and is very condescending and arrogant. Oh yeah and Conseeded. Gretchen her NP was awesome but is no longer working there which I am happy to hear because she was too nice and caring to working for some one like DR lanna. Lanna never follows up with phone calls I had some one trying to get a hold of her for a month and she never even once called back and she babbles on about what sh edoes and thinks everyone should follow it.  She is just a very righous person and if you question her she will tell you to find a new doctor she thrives on power and control and if you dont give it to her she will be so mean and yell at you Just dont go to dr lanna 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	-1	 Dr. Lanna and her office staff are SO incompetent, condescending, and rude. She is greedy and an embarrasment to the medical profession. Her nurse practitioner (Gretchen Hitchcock) was amazing but no longer works there.  	2	1	2	2	Insurance:United Healthcare
83	-1	commentsI would not reccomend this doctor to anyone. I started seeing her when I was about 14 years old, about ten years. In those ten years She ordered just about every test under the sun and failed to follow up on what I later found out to be vital information . Instead she preferred to treast me for something that was unfounded and collect th e monthy co-pays and $$$$ at every opppertunity. She is irresponsible and money hungry. 	1	1	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
83	-1	 I was diagnosed with lyme disease by Dr Lanna about 4 years ago. At the time I was prescribe 3 different antibiotics to be taken at the same time. She stated that this was the recommended treatment for lyme. After numerous follow up visits, and many changes to antibiotics, includine IM Meds, I questioned Dr. Lanna about the saftety of multiple meds(antibiotics). She told me that if I didn't do what they said to do then I should find myself another doctor. That is what I did.  Her nurse practiciner was the best, but of course I was not allowed to see the NP because &quot;my case was too complicated&quot; 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
83	-1	 Dr. Lanna leaves a lot to be desired... she tells you have one thing and you find out days later it wasn't scabies, but contact dermatitis. She wants to give you medicine for every little thing whether you need it or not as well as an ungodly amount of tests. It's pretty bad when you go to a lab and when they see the list they say &quot;oh, must be Dr. Lanna&quot;.... had way to much of my time and life wasted at this practice....  SEE YA!!! 	2	2	2	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$20
83	-1	 Let's face it...without her Nurse Practitioner, Gretchen Hitchcock to carry her entire practice, this woman would be gone by now. OOPS...now Gretchen is gone! Much too professional, timely and personable for Dr Lanna's office. Her receptionists stink, the wait is ridiculous due to constant overbooking and poor time management and her attitude stinks.  Her focus is on dishing out medication, giving you 16 lab tests for every thing that comes out of your mouth and then telling you you have Rosacea 16 times, to include even more prescriptions!! Even the lab thinks she's off her rocker! See ya Lucille! 	1	1	1	3	Insurance:United Healthcare
83	-1	 Let's just say that as a result of Dr. Lanna's propensity for drama and misdiagnosis, I am now seeing a therapist for anxiety. She's condescending, arrogant and inept. Oh yeah, and one other thing: she loves to prescribe medication. I went for a simple procedure and she gave me a prescription for 30 Xanax to help me through it. Even the pharmacist was baffled. Way to go, doc. She also was ready to put me on meds for high blood pressure as a result of a couple of bad readings in her office -- the only place I ever have high blood pressure, and with good reason! And one more thing: her staff is incredibly rude and incompetent. If you value your health -- both mental and physical -- avoid this doctor at all costs.  	1	1	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	-1	 Who ever heard of a doctor who turns her back on the patient and types furiously on her computer and tells you to be quiet when you ask a question because she can't type and listen to you at the same time&#63; By the time she's finished typing, your time is up and she tells you to make another appointment to ask your questions. Her snooty assistant takes your vitals so she never touches you.  		1	1	1	Insurance:HealthPartnersPaid/Co-pay:$1500
83	0	 Dr Lanna at one time had all the time for her patients, she claimed to want to stay a small practice but became greedy and started overbooking all her appointments. As a patient I am paying for her services she is not a free doctor so in essence she works for us as her patients. I find her unavailable to even answer the simpliest questions over the phone, everything needs to be an inperson appointment. It is a shame that Dr. Lanna has gotten so far away from being the small practice she once talked of being. I dont advise anyone to go to this doctor anymore.  		1	2	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	-1	 I was a patient of Dr. Lannas and thankfully have found a new doc. I was misdiagnosed with Lyme's disease. Dr. Lanna was the cause of my grandmother almost dying (overmedicated) and most recently my mother.All due to overprescribing and overmedicating. If we hadn't called 911 and gotten medical attention they would both be dead. She rediculously will not call in prescriptions over the phone nor will she answer or return her phone calls. Each time you go you have to wait between 1-2 hours before being seen. All I have to say is unreliable, unpredictable and money hungry.  She's in the profession for the WRONG reasons! 		1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	 I found the staff, well not so bright! I really liked Dr.Lanna. She seems rushed however, she did answer all my questions and seemed to care about my issues.  		3	4	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	 FABULOUS! Yes, I've had to wait for a bit when I go to visit her, but it is because she takes time with patients to answer questions and make sure we're comfortable with her diagnosis. She actually listens to me! This is a big change from doctors in the past. THe best doctor that I've seen in over 50 years.  		4	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$15
83	1	 Dr. Lanna is the most competent doctor I know. She is thoughtful, caring, thinks outside of the box when most doctors think only of getting out of work. She is busy -- but that is because there are so many patients who are in need of her help. If you are healthy and there is nothing wrong with you -- go to a physician without great ratings and experience. But if you need that special touch, waiting for Dr. Lanna (even when she is running late) is well worth it. Dr. Lanna is EXTREMELY KNOWLEDGEABLE. She is up to date on all of the new research and findings and will help you whenever you need to find more info about your diagnosis.  		3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$20
83	1	 i would like to let dr. lanna know that her staff is very helpful, kind, considerate. When it is busy they try to accommodate the patients. i have been a patient here for over 10 years and even though sometimes the wait can be long, i don't mind the emergency ahead of me. Because if I were in the other patients shoes, I would love for her to take her time with me. My opinion based on conditions, I have never been misdiagnosed. About not getting refills over the phone, i totally agree with the office policies. its to my benefit to to have follow up exams now and then to make sure the medications I'm taking is even necessary or may need adjustments.  		3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	0	commentsTime and time again I am forced to sit for at least an hour past my appoinment time. Ive had to make appointments to discuss the simplest question that could have been answered over the phone. I get the same excuses about the lateness everytime I go there &quot;we are short a helper today&quot; etc. I understand being a little behind, but the last three visits have averaged over 1.5 hours behind. I also had to have a job related physical where I needed a form faxed to my employer. I called three times before the deadline and they still managed to not send it until days after the deadline 		1	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
83	-1	 She and her physician's assistant were shockingly inept. I was misdiagnosed with genital herpes for 3 years!!! I asked during my last visit two years ago if the herpes was in check and Dr. Lanna said &quot;oh that! you don't have that. Gretchen was wrong about that&quot;.  When they told me I had genital herpes I was shocked because my husband and I supposedly had only been with each other since before our marriage over 30 years ago!!! She claimed to be a leading national expert on the subject so we didn't question it and almost divorced!! I should have sued!! 		1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	 All I have to say is Dr. Lanna is my guardian angel. I battled lyme disease for over two years and no doctors took the time to figure out my illness or treat me properly. Dr. Lanna treated me as well as her other patients with upmost respect and generosity. If you want a doctor who will make sure you get the best treatment, she is the doctor. Now i am living the active life I did before my illness, and i owe it all to her. I have been seeing her for over a year for lyme, and now she is my pcp. As for being on time, she gives all of her patients helpful and sufficiant care regardless of time. I have never left that office without getting what i needed. Dr. Lanna actually listens to her patients, and strives to give them the best care. Her confidence and drive for patient care reflects her being a noble and caring individual. I recommend Dr.  Lanna to anyone and everyone! 		4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	-1	 I had the unfortunate experience of having Dr.Lanna as my PCP. I was misdiagnosed with Lyme's Disease and then prescribed over twice the amount of medication that an adult should take. I had malicious side effects from the over medication and ended up at Lahey Clinic in Boston to see a specialist. He has confirmed her negligence and misdiagnosis. She is ignorant and careless. I would not even consider her a doctor.  		1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	commentsWe found Dr. Lanna knowledgeable and punctual except when (rarely) delayed by the sudden, serious, unforeseen medical needs of her patients. My wife and I recently experienced such &quot;sudden serious unforeseen medical needs&quot;. Thankfully, Dr. Lanna took the extra time required to diagnose and treat us for potentially deadly and previously mis-diagnosed advanced-stage Lyme Disease and equally serious, sudden onset, extreme hypertension. The extra time she spent with us no doubt upset some of her more impatient patients whose routine physicals or checkups may have been slightly delayed because of it. Today, however, we both remain alive and healthy thanks, in large part, to a dedicated physician's *refusal* to be enslaved by an ironclad schedule. If people want an inflexible schedule, they should consider booking time with morticians. Their schedules are inflexible...as are those of their clientele, many of whom are the equally inflexible remains of former patients of inflexible doctors! If people want good medical care, however, they'd be wise to select physicians willing to  Paid/Co-pay:$1500		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
83	0	commentsI felt that Dr. Lanna was very cautious and through. I also felt comfortable with her medical knowledge; however, I thought that she is very unprofessional. I felt that she was pompous and arrogant. She makes her patients wait for lengthy periods of time in her office to be seen and time after time she does not return phone calls. I feel that a doctor should be available to answer questions by phone and not require you to come into the office and wait hours to be seen. 		1	1	4	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	 Very efficient use of time. Straightforward and all business.  		4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	-1	 The worst doctor I've ever gone to. Bring a book when you go, you will be waiting at least an hour. They over book and will not discuss any results over the phone.  		1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$1000
83	-1	 Dr. Lanna has proved herself time and time again to be unprofessional and at times even rude. Her practice is clearly overwhelmed by the number of clients they have taken in, and too often, it feels like drive-thru doctoring.  		2	1	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	1	 Dr. L was the doctor present when I had my first child 7 years ago.  He was so caring and friendly.  I felt at ease in his hands and having a painless delivery made me VERY happy.  I was disappointed last year when Dr. L wasn't working that night that I had my second child.  It seems that the hospital and staff aren't the friendly, compassionate professionals they once were.  If Dr. L.  were there that night, it may have helped! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	1	commentsVery educated and professional physician. Made me feel at ease during a difficult time. He is well-respected by the physicians and nurses and I've been told many patients request him. Charming, educated, and very helpful. Thank you doctor! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
