dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	great doctor. aaa++++ great with shoulders and very kind. i had three shoulder surgeries from a body building injury. very honest and hard working and will meet 4 times a month if needed he takes united healthcare. anthem and medicaid and tricare and medcare. great highly recommended for any one with shoulder problems or knee or elbow problem. i have been seeing dr. burns for 5 years now. aaaaa++++ and if you need to get in to see him they get you in write away asap to see him.  a++ 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	-1	did not spend any time with me, condescending attitude, dismissed my concerns 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	I do not recommend this psychiatrist.   He was short-tempered, impatient and   did not explain diagnosis. 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Great doctor, very warm and easy to talk to. Will take you seriously and give you a proper workup to find out what's going on. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Best Pain Medicine Doctor. Take a while to get an appointment.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	Best Pain Doctor in Rhode Island.  He helped me so much with a surgical procedure for my back that it chaned my life! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	-1	POKED A HOLE IN MY EYE WHILE DOING ROUTINE CATARACT SURGERY, HAD TO WAIT FOR ANOTHER DR. TO HELP HIM .TOOK 4 HOURS TO REPAIR TEMP. NEEDED ANOTHER 3 HOUR OPERATION (BY DIFFERENT DR.) AND 6 MONTHS TO RECOVER. NEVER GAVE EXPLAINATION OR APPOLOGY.  BUT DID SEND ME A BILL! 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
5	1	Dr Brasch is an excellent doctor, he takes his time with you and is very knowledgable in all aspects of his care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Dr. Brasch was able to see me fairly quickly but was unable to do more than diagnose my problem of a clogged tear duct and refer me to a specialist.  He was very nice and I would certainly feel comfortable returning to him for more routine reasons such as eye exams.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
6	1	I was wary when I had to switch from my longtime MD to another in the Hillside Family Medicine practise.My anxiety was allayed,however,by Dr.Behtash who is a very caring and professional physician.I first saw her when I was in crisis and she took as much time as needed to diagnose and treat me.She always followed up and worked well with my specialist.I wish she were in sole practise because I find Hillside,under the current management,to be frustrating and even incompetent.I was recently charged a missed appt.fee and was put through hoops for months before it was settled.Most of the MDs in the practise can waive this fee,but because Dr.Behtash is not a partner, she isn't allowed to.Instead I had to contact the billing specialist,Renee Bromley,who,despite repeated contact from me,never replied.It was only after Dr.Behtash intervened (the bill was put in collection!) that I got a reply from Ms.Bromley.This is not how any MD office should operate!Dr.Behtash is excellent;Hillside is not! 	2	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	I am a former patient of Hillside Family Community Medicine. In the summer of 2009, I spent 10 minutes in the Hillside Family Community Medicine appointment system planning to see Dr. Solmaz Behtash for the first time due to a severe fever, but then instead decided to visit urgent care and a specialist with whom I had history due to scheduling conflicts. Despite notifying Hillside of the conflict, the rationale for seeing a doctor with whom I had history and my need to cancel, I was charged $30.00 for this 10-minute stay in Hillside's appointment book. Though I was told this unreasonable fee could have been reversed by Dr. Behtash, it appears she saw fit not to do so as I requested the fee be waived multiple times but received three invoices in the two months following the canceled appointment. I cannot speak to Dr. Behtash's medical capabilities, but I can confirm that Hillside Medical's impersonal, cold and profit-driven behavior has ruined my desire to return to their practice. 	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
7	0	What a shrew. Always undermining my other doctors and made numerous catty remarks about my primary. I won't miss her.  	3	2	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Dr. Barnard was my 3rd endocrinologist and the first to really listen. She consistenly went above and beyond the call of duty in coordinating my treatment of another interrelated illness with my out of state neuro. She is the only one who I believe really understands how my system reacts to illness, meds. I will miss her as, after 20 yrs., I had to find a new endo since she has retired. Dr. Barnard was my guardian angel.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	-1	Dr. Barnard is a very odd person.  She doesn't listen to anything you say and seems to be in her own little world.  I waited over an hour to see her and she misdiagnosed me.  I changed to another endocrinologist and am much happier.  Her front office staff person looked unkempt and was very unprofessional.  I wouldn't recommend this doctor to anyone.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Tufts
8	1	All the nurses fuss over my kids like they are family.  It seems like the know everyone personally.  Dr. Bonner's appointments are never short, but they are always thorough and he always gives clear diagnosis.  I have learned so much from the way he talks through the symptoms and diagnosis that I rarely get overly concerned.  It's comforting to be armed with the knowledge of what to watch for in your kids.  He also has two young kids of his own and relates to a lot of parenting issues and shares his own experiences.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
9	-1	Paul Barber should not be called a doctor.  His idea of practicing medicine is pushing pills, and never requiring a physical.  My husband is now permanently disabled because of his negligence.   Stay away 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
10	1	Dr. Barkin has been our family dentist for nearly 20 years.  He has treated my family, my children, and now, their children. His diagnostic skills are right-on, his prices are below the average, he never makes you wait, and his staff is older, has been with him for a long time, and they are very helpful and pleasant. This guy actually tries to save you money rather than rip you off! He also caters to anxious patients, and my wife, who is fearful of dentistry loves him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	she was very kind and gracious.   Very knowledgeable and engaging  OUTSTANDING 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
11	1	I have been going to Dr. Bradley for many many years and I would not trust anyone else near my eyes. I highly recommend Dr. Bradley and Victorian Eyecare to EVERYONE! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	I was an established patient in severe difficulty.  I called the office and was told he could see me in a month, despite my explaining how bad things were.  If not for my family doctor sending me to the hospital, I don't know what would have happened.  	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Medicare
12	1	Dr. Bader is very knowledgable and caring.  He has done well by me in my treatment regimine as well as the monitoring of my aortic valve disease, and ultimate referal to an excellent surgical team at Brigham and Wommen's in Boston.  I credit the South County Cardiology team and my Brigham and Women's team for saving my life.  And they continue to monitor my condition and progress to my satisfaction.  I think they are the modle of what CCardiologist should be.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	-1	Uncaring and unhelpful: failed to accurately diagnose my daughter because her symptoms were not exactly what he had read in his medical books. Thank God her pediatrician was more knowledgeable and ready to probe more.  	3	4	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
12	0	I was in deep trouble and his staff gave me an appointment in two weeks and said to go to the ER if I thought I needed help before then.  	2	3	2	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
12	1	Dr.Bader is very knowledgeable, funny, and caring. He takes the time to answer any/all questions and he explains things in layman's terms.  AWESOME doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	A nice guy. LIstens, and works with patients so they understand things and they get a treatment plan they are comfortable with.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
13	1	She has been my doctor at Linden tree for a while.For ri and its dearth of decent doctors she is well above average.  I would say the staff might be average but she is not and seems to have genuine concern 	3	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	-1	My first visit with her she told me I was &quot;obese&quot; ... I'm 13 lbs overweight, I argued it with her and she looked up my BMI on her chart which put me 1 box away from being Ideal weight then she grabbed my wrist and said &quot;you're small boned so you're more overweight than the chart is telling me. I got dressed and walked out.  I'm a size 8 since when does that make someone obese&#63; 	5	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Dr. Lari is good and funny. He understands patients. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Extremely knowledgeable and stays up to date on new procedures. Very approachable - takes the time to explain.  Very kind and caring.  Strongly recommended. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	I couldn't understand what he was talking about so he drew a picture.   Very nice and thourough, a good doctor 	 8/7/09	4	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	Very knowledgeable and helpful.  Cares about his patients and keeps up to date with the latest advances. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	My mother had a endoscopy done by him. She almost died. She was in the hospital for 2 weeks. Stay away from him. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	he had 2 receptionists. one was very polite, the other  acted like i killed her cat. I was sent here by my gyn, for a painful bladder condition. I was told, without him running any tests,that my pain comes from stress in my life(like my mother being divorced, my father dying 20 years ago etc).. he told me the condition the other Dr wants me tested for is not as common as everyone thinks. Even though in his waiting area was a handout on this condition and it states anywhere from 7-9 MILLION people suffer from this. I think he is not used to treating women,and not real familiar with the condition, so he was trying to blow smoke up in the air.(to put it nicely.) also was very uncomfortable when he sent my best friend out of the room, and asked about intimate matters, informing me of the &quot;other way to handle things&quot;...very innapropriate for a first visit. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	. very good eye doctor, I been going to him for 10 years 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
17	1	Very congenial, great staff, clean and bright. Concerned about strong sales pitch for vitamins, creams, procedures and extras that I was never told I needed before. Recommended contacts even though previous optometrist discouraged them due to astigmatism. After spending hundreds, found I couldn't tolerate them due to the astigmatism. Recently learned that he closed the local office without notifying me. Changing doctors... ! 	5	4	4	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Dr brown is an OK Doc but his prices are through the roof especially for glasses and frames and contact. His diagnostic tests are also very expensive and he wants to run them when they are not necessary and not covered by insurance either. I go to him but I'm not so sure he's a great Doctor.  		3	4	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	Very carefull patient evaluation. warm but not overly.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:AARP
18	1	 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Very nice very helpful not located in Bristol ri anymore now located in east providence up the street from home depot. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Dr.Barry is genuine. His patients come first. i am afraid of needles, he makes me relax. He is very soft spoken and kind. He is #1 to me.   Diane 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	I started going to Dr. Barry for my children many years ago.  I was asked why I didn't get my teeth done and I explained to them that I was a coward.  Well they all eased my fears and I go faithfully now twice a year without any anxiety.  Without Dr. Barry and his staff, who knows what shape my teeth would be in now.   My thanks to them!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	.  	3	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	I would recommend Dr. Barry to everyone.  My family has been seeing him for years and my kids never fear a dentist visit, whether it's for a cleaning, cavities, or other.  Excellent staff too, and never a long wait.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
20	1	The best.  Have been to many and rejected them all until Dr Barry 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Dr. Barry is a phenomenal dentist. He is very open, unafraid to give an opinion about your situation, does excellent general dentistry work, and will quickly refer you to a good specialist when warranted. This is actually the first dentist I've ever liked.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
20	1	Dr. Barry has been my family dentist for years. He is the BEST dentist ever to have to go to without fear of pain. Very empathatic. Never, Never will you feel a needle from him.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
21	1	Dr.B saved my life when I was hospitalized in 1995 for double pneumonia. He knows what he's doing. I guess everybody has their own experiences in different situations. For me it was a positive one.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
21	1	He treated me while I was in town visiting family in RI.  I had a very severe Asthma attack and was admitted to Fatima Hospital ICU.  He was very nice, and helpful, his PA, and NP staff were also wonderful. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	 	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	I have seen several psychiatrists in my life and Dr. Bermon is by and large the best of the best.  I would highly recommend. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	0	The doctor is very unfriendly. It seems as though it was a burden for him that I was there. He barely says &quot;hello&quot; and the 2 times I have been there, he never says goodbye, or thank you, or have a good day, or nothing. He just gets up and leaves and lets his assistant finish up. I don't understand how someone like himself can be working in the service industry when he obviously does not like interacting with people. After my first visit, I though his unkindness was from a bad day he was having or maybe it was a sort of cultural difference I didn't understand, yet was willing to accept; but, after the second visit, I'm sure he just has horrible customer/human relations. I don't trust him. He said I had a cavity, so I requested 2 know where and if he could show me either on the x-ray or n a mirror. With replied with some saying it doesn't show in the x-ray and that I wouldn't be able to see it. He thus handed me the mirror. I had to play 20 questions to figure out where.  thumbs down!! 	2	3	2	3 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
24	1	 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Not sure why people have rated him like this, only had a positive experience.  	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Medicare
25	-1	This man needs help.  He is mentally ill, in my opinion.  Arrogant, nasty, and hasty to make diagnosese without any supporting information.  I fear for people he is treating, because I truly believe he causes more harm than good.  I wish the state would investiage him and take away his license.  STAY AWAY. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	In my opinion, Burock is mentally disturbed.  Narcissistic, borderline, and totally lacking in compassion for anyone but himself and the huge amount of money he makes off of human suffering.  Run, don't walk, from this piece of garbage.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	2 years after this arrogant, incompentent man misdiagnosed me, I'm still getting bills from his office.  He should have his medical license taken away. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Helped my father with his symptoms of Alzheimer's, friendly team, very knowledgeable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
25	-1	This is, in my opinion, the rudest doctor I have ever encountered in my entire life. He didn't believe what I told him, even though I was truthful. He mocked me, laughed at me, and told me that my primary doctor was treating me with the wrong medicine. I would never seek treatment from this awful man again.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:Tufts
26	1	Young guy, but very nice, professional, and knowledgeable. He seems to be very bright. I'd highly recommend him, but he seems to be very much in demand, so it may be hard to get an appointment without a referral.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	Dr Breiding is a very good doctor. His is knowledgeable, caring and patient.  The ladies in his office are very sweet and helpful too!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Very patient, respectful and clear in his examination and recommendations.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
27	1	. excellent doctor - been going to see him for at least ten years - always on the ball 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
27	1	Dr. Berg has found things wrong with me instantly after hearing my symptoms and doing the appropriate testing. I recommend him highly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
27	-1	didn't listen to problem and disregared fact for his opinion. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Great Dr. Very good at getting to the point of the problem. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	0	Impersonal to an extreme.  Not interested in holistic view of patients 	3	4	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	Very nice and trustworthy doctor. Had my first check-up and already feel comfortable. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Im quite surprised by these reviews below. Dr. Boyle has always been very accommodating. My whole family goes to her and she has helped us through some pretty difficult times. I would certainly recommend her to others. 	2	3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	. does not always listen to what patient tells her about past medical history 	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	-1	horrible doctor. do NOT ever go to her. she is unwilling to listen, treats patients not as people but as money going into her pocket. she is rude, tactless and has a horrible bed-side manor. AVOID HER AT ALL COSTS. i have suffered unnecessary physical and emotional pain because of her &quot;treatment&quot;. this doctor is a joke, her license should be revoked immediately.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
28	-1	Treated like a number, attempted to up sell me on other exams/procedures, other than what I was there for. She will not return phone calls, will only talk to patients by office appointments (that means you have to take time off work even to ask a very simple question, office said her policy is to NOT speak to patients on the phone).  I refuse to lose money while she makes money for doing nothing.  She also only prescribed a 6 month supply on basic med that in my 25 years of taking it have always been prescribed a 1 year supply.  Beware, she and their office are only interested in $$$.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
28	-1	Doesn't seem to care anymore. Saw my 2 children, spent about 15 seconds with each, said &quot;probably just a virus, come back if not better in few days.&quot; 48 hours later, returned, saw different doctor in the practice, one child had reging ear infection, other had pneumonia. Both could have been on antibiotics and on way to recovery much sooner if Dr Boyle had bothered to even listen to their breathing or looked in their ears. I will not go to her again or reommend her to anyone.  	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
28	1	Dr. Boyle is very kind and patient and in tune with the needs of her patients. She keeps going to the doctors office from being a stressful task. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	Worst doctor I ever had. I switched to Wendy Regan, in the same office..SHE is wonderful. 'The Boyle' is someone I would never recommend to anyone. She doesn't want to hear a thing you say and gets aggrevated if you ask her any questions 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	. Listens,willing to negotiate 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	-1	. DO YOURSELF A BIG FAVOR NEVER THESE PEOPLE TOUCH YOU,i have been going there since sep2009 and still have no teeth and have been hospitalized twice for there; 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
30	1	Very helpful when if comes to pain,takes his time 	3	2	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	Beware - Dr. Begg is very pleasant and &quot;old school&quot; but cannot take care of problem teeth unless you want it extracted.  		4	2	2 	Insurance:Delta Dental
31	1	Very knowledgable &amp; helpful. Dr. Bock really helped with my foot pain. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Since the comassion centers are not going to open now then If Dr seth bock and  The so called compassion centers really cared and were not in it for the money they would contact the  Few patients that dont have caregivers and offer their services for free to come to my home and grow for me and pay for the growing just like they would of for the Compassion centers they want to open.Basically becoming my at home caregiver where it would be easier for me to keep tract of what they are up to.Summit medical center,Dr Seth Bock green leaf compassion center,Slater compassion center, These three chosen groups should be reaching out to patients to help us grow at home!!!If they really were in it to help patients then why hasnt even one of them stood up to help us AT HOME at their expense same thing as a compassion center just without lining their pockets! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	0	He was good up to the point there was a problem Then I couldn't even get him to return a call. I wouldn' recomend him or his group.  Their lack of follow up was very unprofessional 	2	5	3	2 	Insurance:Aetna
33	-1	Dr. Ordered all procedures as Medical instead of Routine even though I made it perfectly clear when making appointment and first meeting with Dr. It was just routine yearly, no problems. It took way too many phone calls to BC/BS, Dr.'s office to finally get someone to take another look at all this.  They said they are going to fix all this, we'll see. Dr. Was VERY argumentative, office staff listened.  	3	4	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	I had EVLT procedures done.  I am very satisfied with my results: my legs dont hurt anymore and I sleep better at night.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	extremly thorough  and component. very professional and caring 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Outstanding orthodontic office.  Great staff and overall experience.  Recommend this office highly. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Rockstar!!! Super amazing fantabulistic doctor Burker!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Dr. Beauchamp and is staff are the best.  He always takes time to LISTEN - and I never feel like I am being rushed thru.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
38	-1	He's very nice but I worry about the quality of patient care. He didn't notice cancer in 2 patients I know of: a woman who had a golf ball size tumor in her abdomen, and a man who had testicular cancer.  He had never been given the standard blood test for testicular cancer which is usually done at annual check-ups. 	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Knowledgeable, personable, with an exemplary bedside manner. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Dr Basler and staff have been excellent. As a sufferer of a rare connective tissue disorder finding knowledgable drs is tough let alone one willing to treat someone with such a condition. Dr basler made it a goal to learn about my disorder and devised the best course of treatment His attention and commitment to his patients makes him a true find in the medical field. I would highly, and have done already numerous times, recommend Dr Basler for all your chiropractic needs. He's worth the trip to East Greenwich! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Dr. Basler is a great doctor. He is very helpful and accommodating.  I would highly recomment him 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	He is the best eye doctor... you just need to see him for yourself.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	GREAT DR &STAFF; I have been to many ,since I have worn glasses all my life .  He and his whole staff are the BEST!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	Dr. Belhumeur is THE BEST....have seen for many years.  Knowledgeable, thorough, patient, personable. I highly recommend he &amp; his staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
41	1	Dr. Beraha has been my son's pediatrician since he was born. I've always had a great deal of confidence in him. Unfortunately, my son is now 21 and has to change to an adult doctor. I'm sure it will be difficult to find one as good as Dr. Beraha.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	When my son was born he was seeing a different dr in the anchor medical office. I wasn't too thrilled with that dr and my son would flipp out screaming and yelling. One day we had to go in as a emergency and it was Dr Beraha. I than switched to Dr. Beraha as his dr. I have talked friends into switching their kids over and told people who are pregnant and unsure of drs about him being the best. He is the dr to my 3 kids now and i just told him he will be adding a new patient in feb2010.. I love Dr Beraha and think he is the best childrens dr around. so caring compassionate loveing bold kid friendly stern blunt just all around a wonderful dr. Thank you!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Dr. Beraha is my son's pediatrician and cardiologist. My son has always felt very comfortable with him. I have a lot of confidence in him and would highly recommend him to anyone looking for a good doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	Dr. Nathan Beraha has been our sons cardiologist since shortly after he was born.  Not only do we find him incredibly knowledgable but he is also compassionate in how he treats our child.  He takes the time to explain things in a manner in which we completely understand him and he always encourages us to ask as many questions as we'd like.  We have the upmost respect for him and gladly refer him to anyone needing pediatric or cardiology care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	He is a very pleasant doctor who is not intimidating at all for a child to communicate.He does not rush through his visit with you and makes you feel very comfortable. He took the time to explain everything and his office was very helpful in making all the arrangements. I would recommend him to any of my family or friends.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
41	1	Dr. Beraha is a wonderful Pediatrician. I couldn't ask for a better doctor for my daughter. Not only does he take his time to find out exactly how she feels physically but emotional as well. He talks to us as a family to work through any issues that we may be having with our daughter. If you are a first time parent he is the best doctor around.  He reassures me that I am not crazy, that you are just the parent of a three year old 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	Dr. Beraha is caring and compassionate. He listens not only to my wife and I but to our young children as well. Thank you Dr. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	intelligent, caring,and kind only begin to describe what a wonderful physician Dr. Beraha is :) His patients are very fortunate to have him care for them. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	I have been Dr. Burtt's patient since 2005 when I underwent open heart value repair.  He is excellent, spending appropriate time on each visit and making recommendations on treatment as needed. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	I HAVE BEEN A PATIENT OF BUONANNO FOR MANY YEARS.  VERY CARING.   READING THE COMMENTS PEOPLE HAVE TO UNDERSTAND THERE ARE 5 DRS. IN THIS OFFICE AND SOME ARE CALLED SOONER BECAUSE THEY HAVE APPOINTMENTS WITH ANOTHER DR.  NOT ALL ARE DR. BUONANNO;S PATIENTS.  NEVER HAD A PROBLEM WITH ANY STAFF.  THE PERSON WHO CLAIMED SHE WAS CRIPPLED WAS PROBABLY ONE WHO DID NOT DO THE THEREAPY THAT IS REQUIRED IN A KNEE REPLACEMENT.  VERY PAINFUL BUT HAS TO BE DONE.    I WOULD RECOMMEND HIM TO ANYONE.   WANT HORRIBLE TREATMENT.....TRY RHODE ISLAND HOSP.  YOU HAVE TO TAKE CARE OF YOURSELF.  SATISFIED PATIENT.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
43	0	This guy only does knee replacements these days, because he cares ONLY about 'where the money is.'  While he is surgically competent, he does all his procedures at Fatima Hospital  (where he is chief).  They use Associates in Anesthesia, a group that apprently trained using the tactics of Nazis.  They threaten people if you don't pay on time, are verbally abusive, rude &amp; uncaring.  I will NEVER go to Fatima again based on the way A of A treated me.   The office manager there, Cheryl, is a nasty, horrible person who told me I shouldn't have had my surgery if I coudln't pay the bill all at once (I was willing to pay it in 3rds every month for 3 months, but this wasn't acceptable to her...she informed me that I either had to pay up all at once, or she was going to &quot;ruin my credit.&quot;)  Nice, huh&#63; 	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	The problem i have with this office is that they schedule many appointments for the same time! I was there before some people who came in a half hour after me and they took him first and come to find out he was a friend of the dr's. When I told the dr how I felt he said it was they staff's fault, yet he said nothing to HIS staff member who called the guy in ahead of me! 	3	3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	DR. BUONANNO DID A TOTAL KNEE REPLACEMENT FOR ME.  IT WAS MY SECOND.  MY FIRST WITH ANOTHER DR. WAS A NIGHTMARE.  DR. BUONANNO IS VERY CARING AND THOROUGH.  I WAS WALKING WITH NO PAIN IN 5 WEEKS.  PEOPLE HAVE GOT TO UNDERSTAND,  DR, BUONANNO DOES THE OPERATION BUT THE PATIENT HAS TO DO ALL THE THERAPY.  MANY DO NOT AND THEREFORE DO NOT RECOVER AS FAST. I WOULD RECOMMEND  HIM TO ANYONE AND I HAVE AND THEY TOO WERE COMPLETELY SATISFIES.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
43	1	Dr. Buonanno did my husband's hip replacement surgery.  He was wonderful, knowledgable,and visited my husband every morning in the hospital.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	-1	DR BUONANNO CRIPPLED ME,HE DOES NOT KNOW OR CARE ABOUT WHAT HE DOES TO PEOPLE! I AM IN PAIN VERY DAY OF MY LIFE BECAUSE OF HIM.  HE NEEDS TO BE MORE CAREFUL ON HOW HE DOES HIS SURGERY 	4	3	2	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
43	-1	. waited in office for hours and not very knowledgable when it came to my turn 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	-1	I wsa told by this doctor I needed total knee rplacement. After a second opinion I was told I definetly did not need knee repalcement.Not very knowledgeable.  		3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	Wonderful Doctor.  She is not rushed and very knowledgeable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	-1	I had a miscarriage and she did not call me or see me once. I felt like i was at a clinic.  She was in the office but did not  see me.  I feel you have a doctor so at times like this you feel comfortable talking to them.  I did not see the same doctor or nurse twice.  They also do not have radiologists read their ultrasounds.  They take the word of the ultrasound tech who types up the report and is not at all a doctor.  If you are looking for a doctor who is compassionate and helps you through the toughest time, she is not the doctor for you. 	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
44	0	I changed Dr.'s because Dr. Boyle was very insensitive. She always rushed me and made me feel stupid for asking questions. I felt as though she had no concern for me or my unborn baby.  	3	3	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	I stopped going to Dr. Boyle because I felt that I was just one of many patients that she had to see that day, I felt rushed during the examination and she always seemed to be in a hurry to get out the door. 	4	3	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Dr. Boyle is a wonderful doctor. She always spends enough time with you and appointments never feel rushed. She is also very kind and will always make it a point to greet you before starting the exam. Waiting time is similar to that for most physicians- about a half hour, (sometimes less sometimes a bit more) However, the staff is great and Dr. Boyle is well worth the wait. Highly recommended.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	I have goneto Dr Brennon for 2 years and have never had any problems with him. He is more than happy to answer an questions. His assistant is always available to help and gets you in and out fast.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	-1	bad surgent,most of his patients become worst and have several MRIs.  	2	4	3	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	0	This Dr. is very incomptent, she does not pay attention to current symptoms, has a round about way of answering questions so you leave the office feeling like you never really received an answer for your concerns.  Do your children a favor a do not go to this office as I have had multiple issues here. 	5	3	4	2 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Dr. Bennett is very friendly, takes her time with you &amp; your child(ren), makes you feel very comfortable,doesn't get rattled if your child(ren) is upset due to fear of dr's, knows the latest medical information, will help you find what works for your family. We are very fortunate to have found such a pleasant Doctor for our twin boys.    The Manning Family 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
47	1	Dr. Boustani is the consummate professional.  He has excellent bedside manner.  Couldn't be happier with my doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Dr. Banki and his staff fitted me with a mouthgaurd that all but eliminated my sleeping disorder.  I am now getting a full night's sleep for the first time in months! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	very nice and helpful, listened to whole situation and did not rush me.  gave more than one way to resolve issue with a few solutions to my problem and staff went above and beyond helping find more than one solution 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
48	1	I was extremely nervous about having my wisdom teeth out- but Dr. Banki really addressed my concerns and did an excellent job for me.  Highly recommend this guy! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	I had a bad exp. in the past having 4 wisdom teeth out and since I've been so scared of any dental care which put me in a bad position now. I had a couple of broken teeth that I could no longer deal with the pain and I contacted this Dr. to have them pulled. I was extremely scared and the staff made me feel as comfortable as they could and didn't get fustrated with me. Someone who is as scared as I was can be hard to work with because of the hesitation on everything, but EVERYONE was excellent. Then Dr. Banki came in and actually talked with me getting a complete background of everything to understand a little better why I was there and why I was so scared. I wish he was a dentist so I could get my other teeth fixed but he's only a surgeon. I recommend him to anyone with same issue's I had. My only complaint (sort of) was the TV in Waiting room didn't work - but didn't matter because I wasn't sitting long enough to watch it. Thank you Dr.  B and his office! Great Job! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
48	1	I thought Dr Banki was the most handsome Dr I have had. It made my experience so much better. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	There is not a better doctor around, he is the best. You can tell he cares about each and every one of his patients. He makes you feel like no other doctor can. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Dr. Banki operated on my son after he had sustained a jaw fracture.  He is one of the nicest and most accommodating doctors whom our family has ever had the pleasure of being treated by.  He came in to see my son on his day off.  The surgery went great and you would never be able to tell that he had a jaw fracture. He is highly competent and is a true professional.  Thank you Dr.  Banki! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	Amazing staff.  GREAT DOCTOR.  Would not have trusted my two teenagers' surgeries with ANYONE ELSE, but Dr. Banki. Thank you for being so caring and compassionate.  You mad the experience so much easier for the whole family.  We are grateful.  Highly recommended!!! I was referred to Dr. Banki by my dentist, now I'm referring all my friends to him.  :-) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
48	1	Dr. Banki was one of the most caring and compassionate doctors I have ever seen.  He was so thorough and explained everything in detail.  All of my concerns were addressed.  I was seen promptly and the staff was fantastic.  Would recommend this office to everyone without any reservation.  I was referred by a friend who had a similar pleasant experience. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	-1	This was the worst dental experience I have ever had.  This office does oral surgery, and I felt like I was in a factory.  The staff was uncaring and cold, I waited one hour for my appointment, and then he was rude.   Would not recommend this practice! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	0	. wants to push pills instead of diagnosing/treating/finding source of symptoms 	4	4	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	-1	Terrbile - office staff does not give correct payment information. Dr. does has NO idea what he is talking about. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
49	-1	This doctor should be avoided at all costs.  He denied me proper medication when I was in great pain and told me it was time or me to think about how I would feel if I had no medication at all.  I called my Internest who prescribed the appropriate medication immediately over the telephone.  This doctor, to hide my what I did not know was to be y last visit, stood in the halway of his office with his arms and legs extened life a basketball player on deense, runing from side to side to physically block my egress  to his nurse to pay the bill for the visit I just had with him.  Two weeks ago, he and hi staff refused to reorder an AFO, a neuro-orthopedic device which must be changed periodically due to muscle atrophy caused by a severed nerve to the tibia muscle.  He abandoned me as a ptient, a cause for disciplinary action by the Medical Board and I am charging him with such this week. A Neurosurgeon wrote a new prescription for me for a AFO. My phone bill shows the calls to his office.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	He make me feel that he cares about me. I have seizure disorder and conversion disorder. Never once did he not answer any of my questions. Believe me I ask a lot of questions. I would recommend him to any of my friends and family.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	-1	Very short, does not explain things.  Made fun of me when I asked questions.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
49	1	Very nice guy.  Helpful, takes time to explain things and asks questions.  I never felt rushed.  His receptionist is nice as well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
49	1	Dr. Bellafiore is my favorite doctor! he is so down to earth, funny and helpful. I would absolutely recommend him to anyone. He was also always very flexible with my crazy schedule and could always squeeze me in even if it was last minute 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	During my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was a big help.Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	THIS DOCTOR SAVED MY LIFE..AND I TRUST HIM SO MUCH. I LOVE THIS DOCTOR.  HE SITS AND LISTENS TO YOU, DOESNT RUSH YOU.  HE TREATS THE PATIENT AND NOT THE SYMPTOM.. I RECOMMEND HIM TO EVERYONE.. YOU WILL NOT BE DISSATISFIED.   THANKS AGAIN DR BARRATT 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
51	1	AMAZING Doctor!!!! would highly recommend to anyoneW Very caring, compassionate and has great bedside manner.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
52	-1	I was shocked by comments he made to my wife who was undergoing an embryo transfer.  While my wife was on the transfer table (in a very vulnerable position), he looked at pictures of the embryos and said &quot;No wonder why you have not gotten pregnant.&quot;  My wife and I were horrifed - he was not our physician; thankfully she also saw patients at Tufts and we went there instead.  Additionally, his technical skills (I am a medical professional so I feel qualified to comment on this) were horrible in comparison to his colleagues.  Avoid him like the plague...  	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Tufts
53	-1	 	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	Dr. Braun is great.   He's very kind, patient and truly seems to care about your well being.  He takes his time during appointments and doesn't make the patient seem like &quot;just a number&quot;.  I have been going to Doctor Braun for about 3 years now, and have never had anything but a pleasant experience.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
54	1	Dr. Bourdeau is very competent, caring, and communicative with his patient.  He and his staff all are pleasant and personable.  He is a general practitioner who freely refers to very competent specialists, something I have found all too few medical practitioners do. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	I find Dr. Bryan very compassionate and willing to answer questions.He thoroughly explained my condition and the method he would use to treat it. His reassuring manner made me feel comfortable that I was in good, capable hands.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	Excellent doctor.   Very kind and reassuring and knowledgable 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
55	1	Brilliant man - explains everything and gives complete answers to your questions.  He specializes in retinal problems and seems up to date with the latest procedures.  Very trustworthy and assumes an informed patient is a happier one. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	-1	Dr Burke is a terrible doctor and apparently an even more terrible person. His office is extremely unprofessional including the receptionist with multiple visible tattoos and piercings and also his young child who is allowed to run wild through the office like it is a day care, not a specialist's office. He is quick to pull you in to his office so he can suck some more money out of you while you are vulnerable for things that could have been advised by phone. Maybe he needs to leech money because he can't keep patients due to his horrible &quot;elite&quot; attitude, fast talking like a hustler and extreme lack of compassion. He is honestly the worst doctor I have seen and I would advise anyone else who is unwell to open the yellow pages and close your eyes and pick a name since you'd probably have better results. Since you have so much money from your poor patients, put your kid in daycare. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	OFF ICE STAFF VERY COURTOUS.  SPENT A LOT OF TIME WITH ME ANSWERED ALL MY QUESTIONS.   DID NOT JUST GIVE ME A PILL AND SAY GO AWAY 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	-1	The worst Dr. I've been to -- this is what happens when you pick one out of the yellow pages. I had nerve pain in my legs,and wanted to make sure my diabetes wasn't creating a problem. Well, when I went in, he would not shake my hand, I had it out, but he just waved me to a seat and spoke so fast,it was like the old Federal Express ad from the 80s.I'M NOT EXAGGERATING. He did this the entire visit. Afterwards,he sent me to the lab in his building for tests my doctor described as &quot;Looking for a lot of purple zebras&quot; ie -- very unlikely, exotic possiblities that I feel were unnecessary for my health concerns, but necessary to pump up his profits on a patient who wasn't going to be regular. During the results, he again spoke extremely fast, pratically pushing me out of his room. I asked if I could call with any follow up questions.  He said sure -- &quot;We'll have Ginny get you in here quick&quot; This guy, after bombarding me with jabbering, WANTS TO BILL A 2nd OFFICE VISIT FOR A QUESTION! GREEDY! 	5	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	My son has been treated by Dr. Blough for several years.  Within this time, Dr. Blough has worked extensively on a complicated issue involving several implants as well as bone grafting.  Dr. Blough's knowledge and expertise during this whole process was outstanding.  He had a wonderful bedside manner and approached this complicated issue with extreme professionalism.  He was honest and sincere and strived for perfection.  I also brought my Mother to Dr. Blough for an evaluation.  He came up with a practical plan which saved my mom thousands of dollars.  I have recommended Dr. Blough to several friends and have gotten rave reviews. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	(History: 19 year old female suffering from moderate to severe TMJ for 10+ years; have tried injections, medications, numerous physical therapies, bite guards, and visits to Tufts) I was referred to Blough after two months of  locked jaw and headaches that could only be treated by emergency room visits. I was chastised for consulting with my regular dentist and asking about surgery. He had the most horrendous bedside manner; the entire visit was about as friendly as a police interrogation. Less than ten minutes in I was told that I would be enduring this pain for the rest of my life, would probably not be able to have a job or attend further schooling, and that neither he nor anyone else could do anything to improve my quality of life. I was seriously considering ending my life as I walked out of the office. Thankfully my mother dragged me to another oral surgeon who took a panoramic x-ray and found out the severe flare up was caused by an impacted wisdom tooth. FIND ANOTHER DOCTOR.  	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	a liitle busy but took time to explain my proble, ashoulder, rotator cuff tear.  helpful honest 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
59	0	always on the phone talking about his vacations while I was in the examining room. I asked too many questions about my hysterectomy and he didn't seem to like it. His response was &quot;maybe I shouldn't get one&quot;.  	3	2	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	-1	Dr Brosco spends about 3 minutes with you and then runs out of the room to his office to talk on the phone.  There are much better DR's in the practice 	4	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	-1	.  	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	Dr. Brosco was always very helpful and understanding to me and my husband during our preganacy.I had exteme morning sickness and being my first preganacy was patient with all of my questions.I didnt mind seeing the other doctors in the practice either.The only thing that I didnt like was that after he had seen me throughout my pregnancy and delivered my baby he didnt remember anything about me or my baby at my 6 week follow up appointment. That didnt make the experience perso 	4	3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	0	Dr Brosco was very nice and helpful when trouble shooting why I wasn't getting pregnant. As soon as I got pregnant though he never seemed present anymore during visits and ignore all my concerns. I ended up having a preterm birth which he not only never called or showed up for, but even after my son died I still never heard from him.  	4	4	2	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
59	1	I have had Dr. Brosco for about 22 years and he was the first doctor who sat me down and drew me a picture letting me know exactly what was wrong with me.  I was recently rushed to Woman and Infants hospital with cysts that had burst and he explained why they were there and how they got there when no one else did.  I just want people to know that he makes sure you understand what is wrong with you and exactly what needs to be done to make you well, he also lets you know that he will be there with you until you are completely well.  I referred my sister to Dr. Brosco also because he is that good along with other friends. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	Dr Brunelle has now helped me several times when I hurt myself so badly I couldn't even move.  He is very skilled and enabled me to be able to move freely without pain after a serious neck injury.  He is very experienced and extremely knowledgable. If you follow his instructions, you WILL get back to pain free movement.  He also is very knowlegable about supplements and health and wellness in general.  He can always tell precisely right where I injured myself, even when I don't describe to him what happened.  I can't say enough about this Doc.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	Dr. Brunelle is the most compassionate amazing doctor I have yet to encounter. Listened without being biased and attended to my needs correctly. Saw him for the Webster Technique, as my baby was breech at 37 weeks. After 3 visits and at 39 weeks, arrived at the hospital for my scheduled c section. Ultrasound given before surgery and we heard, the baby is head down!!! All thanks to Dr. Brunelle. We were told by our ob that there was no way the baby would turn. HUGE thank you Dr. Brunelle! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	Dr. Vincent Brunelle is an incredibly knowledgeable doctor.  He will listen to you and get to the root of the issue.  He spends a lot of time with you, if you have questions, and he keeps up with all the latest treatments.  He is also extremely kind.  You won't find a better chiropractor ANYWHERE!  :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	Dr. Brunelle is the most caring and competent doctor I've ever encountered.  He will listen you, treat you holistically, target the real problem, AND give you gentle, accurate, and effective adjustments.  His staff is always helpful and professional.  It's always very simple to get an appt. right away and if your insurance does not cover chiropractic, his cash price is VERY fair and affordable.  He's truly a wonderful man and healer. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	Very polite staff, and doctor was patient and made me feel welcome and cared for. Explained my diagnosis and answered all of my Q's.  Great first impression with Dr Benoit 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	-1	Had a very bad experience. Waited for over an hour. An x-ray was taken even though I had one done 1 week prior and was not given a reason why I needed another. Was told I needed surgery on my foot and felt as I was being forced into makinig a decision at that moment. He seemed to be annoyed that I wanted time to think about it.  I went for another opinion and was told I did not need surgery at all and I have gone on to fully recover.  I have had spoken with several other people that have had similar experiences with this doctor and others that have had very bad outcomes if surgery was performed.  	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	0	I went to him because I was having pain when I would run. Told I had a spur and should have surgery. Had surgery and my problems started. I now have pain even when walking and when my dressing was removed, I saw a poorly done scar and when they tried to remove stitches, the wound started to open and bleed. He left the stitches in another week and when they were removed, I had some bleeding and leakage for several days. I now have trouble walking and am no longer able to run, workout or wear several of my dress shoes. In my opinion, his bedside manner is very poor and he showed no concern for my pain and continued problems. I have since switched surgeons and am going to have corrective surgery for this disaster. Make sure you ask many more questions than I did.  	1	4	3	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	-1	. very nice DR but good luck trying to get your medications, receptionist seems to forget to call them in, wonder what is more important to her Ill people or her computer games! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	caring, pro,extrmely knowledgeable.saved friend life with early diag. despite other findings.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
63	-1	My husband and I have switched from seeing Dr. Baaklini due to his insistence that he knew it all and to his constant switching of medications.  He also has been insulting to my husband and completely misdiagnosed a condition with him.  Dr. Baaklini can be very charming and personable, however jumps to conclusions and is an alarmist.  At one point he suggested that my husband had bladder cancer (prior to any tests being done), and when finally diagnosed it turned out to be kidney stones.  Would not recommend Dr. Baaklini to others. 	4	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
63	0	I was Dr Michael Baaklini's patient for many years and this is my report of his abilities:   Warm and seemingly compassionate bedside manner.   God complex,so very rarely refers patients out to other specialist. Thinks he can do it all.   Missed diagnosed myself atleast 2 times for serious illnesses. Breast Cancer for one, Chronic Lyme Disease for another. (everything I had was caused from depression due to my divorce according to him.)   Practices Phyciatry when he's not licensed to. ( His x-wife was the Phyciatrist in the office, but has since left.)   Discusses your medical history with other patients, debating your diagnoses! 	1	1	5	1 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	Pete is the man.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	1	friendly staff..excellent doc,very helpful,knowledgeable,highly recommend,will spend as much time as necessary with patient.  very dependable, give him a++++++++ 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
65	1	He removed both of my childrens wisdom teeth.  He and his staff were very patient and caring 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
66	1	Dr.Bigelli is the best foot doctor in Rhode Island.  He treated my mother in law for diabetes foot ulcers and has been treating me for seed corns and also from tendonitis in my foot.  He has healed me every single time I went to him.  He is the Best! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Dr.Bigelli's concern and genuine interest in what his patients have to say as well as their care, should be the example that everyone in the medical field should aspire to.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	excellent doctor. Very caring and provides personal service including home  tel calls to check on progress.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	i had surgery by him on 3-6-08 he is the best. best bedside manner, careing person that you want to meet. i would highly recommend him.  no one would do my surgery but he took the chance and i am walking again thanks dr bigelli 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	Helpful and polite. Takes the time to explain issues that are easily understood. Long wait times when arriving for an appointment. Staff responds quickly to phone messages.  	5	3	5	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
67	1	Dr. Barr is a fabulous dentist - and I'm picky about my providers, so that really is a compliment coming from me. He is such a nice guy, very compassionate, and does excellent work on teeth. He is helpful with setting up payment plans for the more expensive services, which is great. I give him 5 starts all around.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
67	1	Dr. Barr and his staff are friendly, helpful and nice.  He is one of the best dentists I have ever been to.  Unfortunately he is not a preferred provider with my insurance, but I have continued to see him anyway. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	 	5	4	5	2 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	I have always had horrible anxiety with dentistry and unfortunately have had to have thousands of dollars of work done over the yrs. When I was referred to Dr Bilder for yet more work, I knew I had finally found a dentist I could trust. She is by far the most compassionate, knowledgable dentist I have ever been to. I never thought I would trust a dentist, much less feel comfortable in any dental office, but I do now. I wish I'd found her years ago. She is rare indeed and her staff is just as awesome as she is. I would recommend Dr. Bilder to anyone. She proves that sometimes it's not all about being great at what you do, it's also about the things that are not necessarily taught in medical school but come from inside.. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Dr. Bilder and her team are very professional and nurturing. Dr. Bilder did a fantastic job on my challenging mouth. I love my new teeth and often get complements on my smile. She paid close attention to every detail regarding my treatment.  I highly recommend Dr. Bilder. 	 2/12/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
69	0	Dr. Bilder does good work.  But she charges OUTRAGEOUSLY high for her work, and she is condesceding to her patients.   I spent almost 10 thousand dollars for a 3-tooth bridge.   This is a very wealthy woman..I don't feel like helping her to get rich any more.  I&quot;m sure there are other dentists out there who can do just as good a job without over-charging their patients. 	3	4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	I can't say enough good things about Dr. Bilder and her staff.  I have been a patient for over 5 years and have been happy with all dental work.  She truly cares about her patients.   The staff is excellent! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
69	1	Dr. Bilder did a beautiful job on my mouth.  I can smile again!!From the first time I entered the office until the end in was the best experence I could ask for.  They listened, and they explain everything.  Because of my medical condition Dr. Bilder had to conference with my Medical Doctors on a regular basis and she did to ensure the best outcome without comprising my health. I would recommend her and her and her staff to anyone, they are out standing and worth every penny! I still go there for regular check-ups and I wouldn't have it anyother way!    MY Thanks, to Dr Bilder, for such great work! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Dr. Bilder is an example of that rare combination of expert professionalism and personal warmth.  I have been a patient for many years and my experience with Dr. Bilder and her staff has been wonderful.  I recommend her to colleagues, friends and family without hesitation.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
69	-1	Dr. Morton L Perel  Dr. 116 Wayland Avenue Providence, RI 02906 (401) 861-1343 had recommended that I replace an old amalgam filling because it was getting old and replace it with a gold filling. He only recommend I only use a gold filling (cost $1,985)  The gold filling or (Gold Casting) was prepared by Dr. Morton L Perel and the first one was placed by Dr Barbara Bilder.  The gold filling irritated my tongue to the point I had problems speaking.   I had to have the gold filling completely removed from my molar; I choose to use another dentist for this.  I asked in writing three times for my $1,985 back, Dr. Morton L Perel and refused to return my money. I asked for this money back because I have had to spend so far an additional $2,000 on this tooth.  I had work done on another molar with a different dentist Six months later. I had an old filling replaced with white filling it costs me $290 and I had no complications. What a big difference in costs and results. 	3	3	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Dr. Bilder is a brilliant prostodontist, but her fees are through the roof.  She charges three times what any other doctor would. She can also be very condescending to her patients.  I spent over $10,000 having bridge work done on my mouth.  She's good, but I just can't afford her fees.  Also, she didn't do to much for my self esteem. 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	Dr. Brody really works hard on behalf of his patients.  I had some very complicated health issues and he met with me for nearly two hours on my first visit.  He was thoughtful and attentive and answered all my questions.  I would recommend him without reservation.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	1	My family and I have been going to Dr. Brody for about two years and have had good results with homeopathy.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	1	Dr Brody was Great. For the first time in medicine I can use the word &quot;feel cured&quot;.  I would recommend him to all.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	-1	Ditto to the above comments.  The first thing to look for in a psychoatrist is to see if phone calls are returned 	 11/18/10	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
70	0	This doctor is a homeopath &amp; MD and treats any number of conditions.  I saw him for several years.  He never double books &amp; appointments are on the dot.  He will spend more time with you than any other MD.  He is caring; however he is not always attentive.  He did not have office staff &amp; at times calls can go unreturned for days.  I often had to leave 2 messages over the course of a week to get a call back.   I had one medical problem that was correctly diagnosed but not appropriately treated. As a result it took me far longer to recover from my illness than necessary.  I eventually took my health into my own hands, did the research and realized that I would have to find another doctor.  Lastly He gets defensive when questioned, sometimes forgets to send scripts when he said he would and get defensive about that as well.  I do believe this doctor has a lot of knowledge he just doesn't (seem) to put it to good use all the time (most of the time). 	3	5	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Delivered my first baby via c-section- had such a great experience. She was wonderful! She is very approachable and friendly and I feel like I can ask her anything. Very comfortable even in uncomfortable situations.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tufts
72	1	My husband and I have seen Dr. Brennan for many years for annual physicals and sick visits.  He is very kind, caring, and takes his time talking with you. I've never felt rushed through an appointment, although sometimes I've had to wait a while to be seen (because he isn't rushing the patients before me). We like his conservative approach to healthcare, in that he doesn't immediately push a pharmaceutical solution to every problem, but discusses the pros and cons of different approaches. He seems very well informed, although we have not experienced any serious medical issues that he needed to address. I would definitely recommend Dr. Brennan.  	4	3	5	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
73	1	Great with IBD patients.  Dr. Barros and his staff are caring, curious, problem solving in their approach to difficult cases.  Dr. Barros partners and knows each patient as a human.  He and his staff are HUMANE and do their utmost to seek answers and partner other doctors for best patient results.  Great doctor skills, great bedside manner.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	cool but professional.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	-1	Beware, doesn't know what he is doing.  Very cocky and needs to worry more about the care of his patients then his ego.  He has negativley impacted my medical condition for life. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	Great expierence,the Doctor was very helpful and my problem was resolved. I would highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
78	1	My eyes are tricky to correct and Sherri is the only doc who consistently gets it right. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	he was very helpful and knew exactly what he was talking aobut.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
79	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	-1	He performed surgery on me and I had to go to Boston to get it repaired! I am now permanently disabled and much much worse than I was before the surgery. Thankfully, the damage he caused didn't progress further because I was finally able to find a doctor in Boston to fix the mess Blazar made. I live in severe chronic pain and have no use of one leg because of his surgery. I didn't have these things prior to surgery. I could have lived with his lousy bedside manner and arrogant attitude if he was actually a decent surgeon. He made such a mess of me it took me 9 months to FIND a doctor willing to fix the mess he made. Thanks Blazar, for ruining my life.  	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
80	1	Dr. Blazer has changed my life. Not once but twice.  He performed a surgery on me a few years ago.  Yes he is confident, and that is what I want in a doctor that is operating on my back.  I Also had severe neck pain and he was kind sympathetic and accurate with his diagnosis.  I went from a person unable to move properly and enjoy my family to a mom that is able to do what I want to do.  Without him I would have a very poor quality of life&#63;  He is a blessing beyond blessings,  I do not hesitate in anyway to recommend dr.  Blazer in anyway! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	0	Arrogant is not strong enough. Although he has a decent verbal rep for back surgery he is only a number. So are you as he will let you know.He is why orthos get reps for being rude. I do not care about his golf score nor did I like it when he looked at his watch 3 times during the precious 10 minutes I was allowed.There are plentiful good orthos around you do not need his holier than though attitude.Lets face it hes in Attleboro not Wellesley. Oops was that demeaning&#63; 	3	3	1	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	Dr Bender is one of the kindest people I have been lucky enough to know.  He has been treating my family of 5 for many years.  Dr. Bender is thorough, answers all questions asked and always has a smile on his face.  We recently took in a young lady who has state dental insurance.  I knew something was not right so I went with her to her dentist, he was rude, refused to answer any of my questions.  I had had it.  I took her to  Dr Bender knowing in my heart she would finally get good treatment and she needed someone who cares about people and his work.  Dr Bender has gone above and beyond for her and continues to do so.  Finally we can breath a sigh of relief knowing she will be well cared for.  I would recommend Dr Bender above anyone for dental work.  He in my opinion is the best and I truly from my heart mean that. Thank you Dr Bender for     being the person you are and for your excellent attention to your work.  We could not have asked for more in our dentist and in our friend. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	i was having a tooth ache and was nervous to begin with. when i was looking around for an office i found dr. benders office  very welcoming and knowledgeable! i would recommened him to anyone! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
81	-1	Staff at front desk is not pleasant at all particularly the Amazonian bilingual one.  They very reluctantly took my check, and then must have cashed it IMMEDIATELY after I left.  They obviously did not think it was any good...it was as I'd assured them!  I've never been back since.  I'd been to Dr. Bender's office half a dozen times up to then.  I was also asked to give a photocopy of my driver's license.  I guess they really DID  NOT THINK THET WOULD GET PAID.  I'd written *good* checks as well as paid via credit card in the previous visits.  Dr. Bender seemed adequate and nice enough, but due to above issues I am loathe to recommend his office.  That goes double if the patient, like me, will be self-pay, no insurance at all.  Then they look at and treat you like the dregs of society for not having dental insurance. 	1	5	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
81	-1	Office/Administrative help very inefficient and too quick to get you out the door without making sure they have all the necessary information to complete your paperwork.  The extra time could avoid alot of unecessary delays in payments to both the office and patient.  Hygenist staff very good! 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
81	-1	.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
81	1	I think Dr.  Bender was great honest and his work was very very good 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
81	1	Dr. Bender's and his staff were very pleasant, helpful, and knowledgeable.  It is always a bit scary going to a dentist for a first visit but I left feel reassured and comfortable I will definitely be returning! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
81	1	I had a very good experience. I am a very anxiouse person, They took their time explaining things to me.  will highly recommend 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
81	1	He's very gentle, lets you know exactly what he's going to do. Very personable. Would definitely recommend him.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	Very nice dentist, has a nice way and is so gentle. Would highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	I highly recommend Dr. Banki.  He is knowledgeable,patient, personable and he really does care!!  The staff is great too! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
82	1	excellent care, dental assistant Pam is outstanding.  whole office works as a team and are extremely courteous ! came highly recommended by all that I consulted, now I know why!! keep up the great work 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
82	1	. Taking my top wisdom teeth out was really easy, fast and not painful at all! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	Bedside manner is fabulous, upbeat, will do anything to help, won't give up.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	I have a difficult migraine case and have seen many neurologist. He is the first to actually listen to me and won't give up. Very smart and full of ideas.  	1	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
83	1	Awesome is all I can say. He solved migraine headaches which I had several times a week for 19 years. Told me to take magnesium and I have been headache free since then...Real bright and thorough doctor...  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	. Dr Bassel is an excellent Dr , whom I have been seeing for years !! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
84	-1	Doctor was very rude, would not listen to patient or mother. Very unsympathetic to concerns expressed regarding H1N1 in light of recent pediatric deaths in the community. 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	Dr. Bharier was amazing. I have been seeing doctors for months trying to find out what is wrong with me. Nobody was able or wanting to get to the bottom of all my symptoms. ie. fatigue, numb fingers, gurd, high blood pressure, high cholesterol, muscle weakness and hairloss. Telling me it's age and depression. I am not depressed and I am only 37 and very thin. When my hair started falling out,I asked to see a dermo. One visit and he found out I had Hashimoto's thyroiditis. He called me himself to tell me this. He is very kind and caring and listens to what you have to say. &quot;he is one of the best out there&quot;.And his office has been working with me to get me to the right doctors in a timely manor. He is a top notch doctor and his office personel is awesome. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	Fantastic Doctor!  I was a sun addict in my 20's and am now paying for it with some suspicious moles that have had to be removed.  Dr. Bharier removed a mole from my upper chest about 3 years ago.  I have a tendency to keloid so he injected it with a little cortisone and there is just the slightest, barely noticable mark (which he fully warned me would happen).  I suffer from anxiety and tend to ask a lot of questions.  Dr Bharier always makes me feel at ease and I never feel rushed.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	Dr. Bharier is a very nice man and a very good doctor. He takes time with his patients and is very caring and helpful.  I recommend him! 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
85	1	I have Dr. Bharier over the years, yes you want but not because he overbooks, it is because he takes his time with the patients.  If you have questions, he is all ears.  Way is everyone in a rush to go no where.  Not many doctors, bankers, grogery stores that you do not wait for.  Take a book and have some quiet time! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	Dr. Bharier is nice. He is the type of doctor that tells you what he needs to tell you and thats it. 	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	You can always expect to see Dr. Bharier at least 1 hour after your scheduled appointment. He always over books his schedule. The last visit I had to wait almost 3 months to see him, waited 1 hour in the waiting room prior to him seeing me and all he did was tell me that I needed to see an aesthetician for what I was looking for. It was clearly documented why I was there, and he felt the need to charge for the visit when he did absolutely nothing, and knew prior to the visit that there was nothing he could do.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	0	Dr. Bert delivered my daughter. He induced me for 3 days without pain meds. She was 10lbs,6oz, and I had trouble with the delivery. He refused a c-section or pain meds til he broke my water. My 1st delivery was an awful experience because of him! 	3	3	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	Dr. Bert is amazing.  He delivered my son and has been my doctor ever since.   I wouldn't want anyone else! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	Love him.  It's the way he's will to talk to you.  Best doc ever.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	The BEST of the BEST.  I love this Doctor.  He delivered my son and I've been a patient of his ever since.  Unfortunately, since my employer is switching health care and he doesn't take United, I'm going to have to find another great ob :( :(  Will *really* miss Dr. Bert.  	3	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	Delivered my son and daughter. Excellent doctor, best, most caring and honest OB around.  If I have another baby, Dr.  Bert is my guy! 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
87	1	I absolutely LOVE Dr. Sudhir Bansal.  He explains everything so I understand.  He will explain over and over in a very nice way until you do understand.   I am sure there are other great doctors out there in his field,  but I feel I have the BEST! 	2	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	-1	Perhaps it's unfair to rate an MD based on his office staff, but it's his fault for hiring the bottom of the barrel. I called this doctors office to make an appointment and was told they do not make appointments for new patients over the phone-- that I MUST come in and fill out paperwork (most MD's will fax or mail you&#63;). The office staff was too busy chatting with another patient about a girl who used to work in the office to even notice I was standing waiting. I filled out my paperwork and then told I had to wait AGAIN. I took time off work to sit and fill out paperwork so simply asked if I could call or if they could call me--Got a rude response and a dirty look. I asked for my paperwork and thanked them for a waste of time--The girl responded No problem, my pleasure&quot; If this is how his staff is...I can imagine what the doctor is like. Office is dank and dirty looking.  I wasted 20 minutes just trying to make an appointment in person--- I would rather be seen and treated by a Vet! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	-1	. Was very direct and did not want to explain the type of medicines and what effects it could have 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	very nice doctor great with children.  The staff is very friendly and also wonderful with children 	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	-1	very abrubt.gave lidacaine but did not come back to do the extraction for over an hour.Liodocaine wore off long before the tooth came out! 	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
89	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	Dr Buster is amazing!! He is the most experienced dr I have ever dealt with!! I would recommend him to anyone and everyone!! Thanks Dr Buster for helping us conceive our child!! You are amazing!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	-1	While Dr. Buster was friendly, here were my issues.  When husband visited and asked questions, Dr. Buster would only look at me and answer to me.  My husband did not feel included.  Additionally, I asked if all hormone tests had been completed in my bloodwork, and he answered a blanket &quot;yes&quot;, without showing me what was done, why, and what the results were.  After 2 failed IUIs and 1 failed IVF, he said I was in the 10% they call &quot;unexplained infertility&quot;.  This was not an answer, so I left and went to a new doctor (never received a follow-up call from Buster's office) and the new doctor found high prolactin levels and that I shared a gene with my husband.  She corrected both with a pill and blood thinners and on 2nd IUI with her, we got pregnant with twins.  I feel Dr. Buster did not investigate all routes and went the easy way (infertility procedures) which cost us tens of thousands of dollars.  There were also duplicate tests run too many times. 	3	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Great work in Fort Irwin Ca.  You were great with our kids and we all wish you could stay. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	DR B's nurse is horrific,she is rude and short tempered, not pleasant at all, and does not explain anything, she needs to be replaced, he will lose patients due to her. The secretary also can be snappy and rude, it would be nice if she were to have a pleasant Personality. DR B is convenient location wise.sometimes he is a bit dismissive when you ask him questions.He is ok, not the best not the worst. His staff however truly need to work on their professionalism when dealing with patients. Sometimes you feel more like you are an object on an assembly line.  	2	3	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	0	His staff was cold and indifferent.  I got appointments readily because I pushed.  They did not like my knowledge of historical chronic disease and dismissed what I knew was wrong.  It is my fault I was inarticulate and upset at the number of medical crisis that I was facing - but I was made to feel small and problematic when I was in most need of investigative thinking and case managing.  I had not realized he was new to practicing when I came to him in 2007.  My level of issues at the time were complicated by auto immune domino effects.  I felt he was dismissive and my needs were like too much hard work. After leaving his care for another PCP, we detected a multiple layer of issues that answered the continued unanswered questions that were building to crisis surgery shortly after Dr. B &amp; I mutually fired each other. I also did not realize his limited days of work availability at that time.  Perhaps all this has cleared up and he has built a better practice.   We did not get along! 	1	3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	-1	Dr. Bandola is very bias, putting his personal feelings in front of medical perspectives, hypothesises and facts. He looks for simple answers to mask real and serious problems. However if you have a problem, despite if it gets resolved or not the office will usually take you in within that week. However one would usually rather wait an extra week to have the problem solved by a doctor that cared and whom you have a good relationship with.  	3	5	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	I have been seeing Dr Bandola for over 30 years .He has always been knowledgeable and very professional I would recommend him to any of my friends 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	-1	This doctor is extreamly rude, personally intrusive, and lacks professionalism. In addition, the lack of quality patient assesment is flabergasting. If this doctor had actualy completed a detailed physical exam and general assesment I &quot;could have maybe&quot; reduced the severity of U.C resulting in death, prevented an emergency operation and traumitization for the next six months and an on going chronic medical condition after surgery where I will never, ever, live the same lifestyle. I WOULD NOT recommend this doctor even to your household pet. Look around and make sure you are positive on who you want as a family/general doctor. General Doctors are the most important, why settle with someone who doesn't take their position seriously.. when it can seriously effect your or your childrens life.. People are counting on you! Make the right decision, know who your doctor is before you put your life in their hands.. Your in good hands until they drop you.  	1	5	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	-1	In personal opinion this doctor is extreamly rude, personally intrusive, and unprofessional. In addition the lack of oatient assesment is flabergasting. If this doctor had actualy completed a pt. assesment I would have &quot;Possably&quot; reduced the severity of U.C prevented an emergency operation and traumitization for the next six months. I recommend that you look around and make sure you are positive on who you want as a family/general doctor.  You and your insurance pay alot, wouldn't you want quality assurance that you are healthy and get quick and accurate preventative treatment&#63; 	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	Excellent physical.  Unlike other doctors Ive had who spend 3-5 minutes with you most of my physicals with Dr. Bandola are 20 min or longer.  He talks to you and treats you like someone he knows.  He reviews your file PRIOR to comming into the exam room so he is familiar with you as a patient.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	Ditto the other comments re: knowledge, helpfulness and caring.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	He is thorough and very knowledgeable 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Bandola's for many years. He is a very compassionate and knowledgeable physician. Also, unlike many physicians in this day and age, Dr. Bandola takes the time to evaluate a patient physically, emotionally, and mentally. He also spends time explaining any conditions, treatment, medication, etc. that the patient may have/require. He keeps apprised of, and critically evaluates, the latest medical research/discoveries/information. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	Very compassionate.  Broad experience with geriatrics and specialized in lyme desease 		4	5	5 	Insurance:AARP
95	1	Dr. Brex provides a thorough, comprehensive exam. He knows what he's looking for and catches the little things before they become big ones. He's also not an egomaniac, very willing to refer the patient to a specialist for a second opinion or treatment. He's a Dr. you can trust with your care, knowing that your healh is his primary concern.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	Dr.  Brex is brilliant! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	Dr. Bliss was very anxious to do surgery.Went to another reputable surgeon and did not need surgery for another 2 years! Office/diagnostic equipent are very dated! Elevator is a self-operated closet. Outside office building is unkept all of this sent very negative messages. Happy I went to other surgeon.  	3	3	3	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
96	1	I have been a patient of Dr Bliss since high school football in the 70's. He is a one of a kind special person.  He is a superb Doctor and Surgeon.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	The greatest doctor in the country. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	Dr. Boudreau's expertise in her field is only surpassed by her compassion for her patients. She never rushes through the appointment and always takes the time to get a thorough understanding of how I am feeling. I have even emailed her after an appointment and she responded back within hours. I highly recommend her if you are looking for an acupuncturist. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	Great Doctor. I feel very comfortable with him. He is very patient and lets the patient lead. His knowledge and expertise is very encouraging. He delivered two of my children and I felt completely confident that all was well with him there. I would never go anywhere else. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Beitle for 10+ years, he saw me through both of my pregnancies. He is awesome, very knowledgeable and always spends as much time as needed at appointments.  Love him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	1	I have been seeing Dr. Beitle for the past 10 years.  He has an excellent bed side manner.  No matter what the question he is happy to answer and never makes you feel uncomfortable for asking.  I have recommended two patients to him, my cousin and my best friend.  Both love him and his knowledge.   Donna and Carol (receptionist and nurse) are both AWESOME as well! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	1	Dr. Beitle is a great doctor. He did a excellent job in delivering my baby via c-section. I love that he is a solo practitioner because I'm able to see him at every visit. I feel very comfortable asking him questions about anything. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	Very warm, professional person, the one, which will make you feel confident and brave by his own confidence and knowledge. Very calm during the delivery, will never rush the patient into anything. Love him very much!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	Dr. Beitle is kind and very understanding to his patients needs.  He played an intricate role in me being able to conceive a child.  I will always remember his generosity and loving caring manner.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	1	 	4	2	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
100	1	Dr. Brin is concerned about healing the patient, rather than just &quot;Practicing Medicine&quot;.  He is the best doctor I have ever had, and I hope he does not retire before I die.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
