dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
10	1	 When my daughter was a baby we switched to Dr. Haines. I've never made a better decision. My daughter has very complex medical needs. She coordinates all of her care, she always makes time to speak to me-whether it's 3am or on christmas or weekends. She makes it a priority that her staff are knowledgable and attentive to my daughter as well. I can't recommend her enough.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Tufts
11	1	commentsVery kind. Very professional.  He carefully listed to my concerns and gave me excellent advice. Paid/Co-pay:$150	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	commentsThis man should NOT be a psychiatrist! Instead of providing me with care, he made worse my condition. I also am very happy this man did not win the mayor's race...he's only out for money...stay away from this man! 	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	commentsThis is one of the worst around. He does not care for patients and is notorious in the community for his lack of professional ethics. He has been fined for kickbacks from the insurance industry for discharging patients early from inpatient care and has had his admitting priviledges revoked from the primary psychiatric facility as a result. This can be verified by a search in the Providence Journal. Clearly in the business to make as much money as possible and lets nothing stand in his way. Beware. He has recently decided to run for public office instead. New coffers on the horizon&#63; 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	 After several experiences with Dr. Harrison and his wonderful staff, I absolutely could not ask for a better dentist.  Everyone sincerely cares for their patients and Dr. Harrison always goes out of his way to make you feel as comfortable and relaxed as possible.  Exceptional job removing my impacted wisdom teeth and extracting a broken molar.   My only complaint&#63;  He doesn't do primary care dentistry! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
12	1	 I have a huge fear of the dentist and put off getting my wisdom teeth out for far too long. After searching for an oral surgeon I was comfortable with I found Dr Harrison online and liked the reviews on other websites. His staff is very friendly and talkative. He explained everything is great detail and answered all my questions. I couldn't have asked for a better experience.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
17	1	 Dr. Hardestey is an exceptional doctor. Great listener, very helpful, and with experience I have no doubt that she will be one of the best.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$10
22	1	commentsVery good doctor who helped me a  lot with my kidney. She is also very kind and a good person to talk to!!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	 Hi  tech, board certified, extremely knowledgeable, dedicated, helpful, great staff, totally like able.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	 Dr. Hagerty is excellent!  He is friendly, knowledgeable, and thorough.  Most of the office staff are very friendly, as well.  I don't know how he juggles the patients so well, but I get seen quickly on most visits.   Highly recommended!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
32	-1	 wasted a $25 copay to have an immature, egotistical doctor not provide any solution...she did everything but stomp her feet and throw a tantrum when I challenged her precious medical opinion which made no sense....she is just interested in billing for high end procedures, find someone else for your real everyday problems..... she's the posterchild for what's wrong in medicine today 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$25
32	1	commentsI would highly recommend this dermatologist.  She seemed extremely knowledgeable and took the time necessary for my condition, which is greatly improved.  She has a wonderful bedside manner and I felt very comfortable with her.  There was a wait, but it was well worth it. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	 It is ten past twelve right now and I am sitting the waiting room here for my 11:30 appointment. This is the second time I have been here and it appears this is normal based upon the other two people explaining their appointments with her were at 11 and 11:15. If I had a choice right now I would leave and find another dr. If you can find another dr. Close to you it will be worthwhile checking them out over this doctor.  	3	1	3	4	Insurance:Harvard-PilgimPaid/Co-pay:$20
32	-1	 I had to wait 3 months to get an appointment with this doctor.They were 40 minutes behind schedule. When I was finally brought in to the exam room to be seen I waited atleast 20 minutes before a student doctor came in and examined me. Dr. Hall came in afterwards and gave me samples of a cream to use. I waited 3 months for this appointment and Dr. Hall spent all of 3 minutes with me. I was not impressed at all and never went back to this doctor.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
32	1	 Dr.Hall is an excellant Dermatologist. She listens to concerns and is very honist and caring. I would Highly recomend this practice.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	commentsexcellent experience timely , honest, painless. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
51	-1	 My experience was horrible!  Waited TWO hours to be seen by Dr Hanna. When I finally saw her she was so quick.  The office staff were the worst.  Unfriendly, unprofessional and felt like they couldnt be bothered!  What a drag.  I will not be returning needless to say.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	 Always a pleasant experience from the staff to the treatment of Dr. Hanna. She is a wonderful Dr. and I would highly reccommend her.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
51	1	commentsA fine Dr. for all women's issues.  never rushes, is always pleasant and professional, keeps up on all the latest issues concerning women's health.  Is thorough and calls back if she says she will. 	3	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
52	-1	commentsI completely agree with the comment already on here. Your appointment will never be on time. I have waited for over an hour as well and one time had to cancel my appointment completely. The reception staff is not very helpful. They have printed out incorrect prescriptions for me in the past. I have come in to pick up contact prescriptions that were supposedly ready (they were not) then they had me sit for almost 40 minutes until someone brought out a prescription for glasses (not the right prescription). I have been a patient for years but will not be returning. 	2	1	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
52	0	 Dr. Hall is a very nice man but the entire Vision Associates staff quadruple book appointments as well as being very unfriendly. I have waited two hours for an exam before as well as having all the people in the waiting room waiting to see him. The receptionist makes you fill out new patient forms every time even though I have seen them for fifteen years. Their options for glasses have completely changed and only have brands like Prada. As much as Eric is friendly one cannot have an eye exam take over an hour after waiting.  	1	1	3	3	Insurance:United Healthcare
65	0	 I was told that I would hear back from the doctor in a few days, after he looked at my xrays and mri, and I didn't hear from him. After a week I called and they had gone home for Christmas and I wouldn't be able to contact them until the 27th. I'm in a lot of pain in the meantime.  	3	2	3	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	1	commentsI was referred to Dr. Hamburger with a lot of pain.  I traveled quite a distance to see him but I have seen pain doctors before and did not expect much.  He was a very thorough and caring doctor.  I didn't have some records that he felt were important so he called another doctors office during my appointment to get a complete record.  He went through everything with me and I feel a whole lot better. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	commentsI have lived a long time with pain so I went in with my doubts. I was immediately disarmed by Dr. Hamburger's sensitivity and intelligence. He did a thorough evaluation and really got to know me. The injections he did for my back pain were done so well that I wasn't even sore after the procedure (which is a first for me!). He improved my pain so much. Thank you Dr. Hamburger! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
65	-1	commentsDr. Hamberger does not listen.  He did not read material regarding the patient that was sent to him.  He shows not empathy and does not acknowledge to obvious pain of the patient. 	4	5	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	 Dr. Hamburger is a God sent! He has helped me tremendously with my L5 inflamation w/both medications and injections. Also his background in both Pain Management & Anesthesiology is impecable from the World renoun schools he has attended. Great MD... Great Service!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	1	 Very helpful and informative, gave me many options and is very respectful of not using too much medication.  I have found relief and feel confident about Dr. Hamburger.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
65	1	 Went out of his way to communicate with my other doctors - diagnosed my problem, and has given me a lot of hope.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
65	1	 He was very informative.  The image of a conservative MD.  Tried to treat me with out resorting to surgery.   I still have problems, but a second opinion from another MD confirmed his diognosis 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
65	1	 Very thorough evaluation - answered a lot of my questions - was patient. Explained my MRIs to me, and has helped me so far - still have pain, but it is more tolerable.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$15
67	1	 My wife, mother in law and her mother have been going to Dr. Hanna for years.  I was so impressed with her treatment of my wife who has many chronic conditions, I started going to Dr. Hanna myself. I am a man, and she made me feel very comfortable during the unpleasant parts of a very detailed physical exam. Yes there is often a wait, but to me its worth it as you will not feel rushed. Her nurses Jean and Lisa are great.  The front desk people are nicer than they used to be, but getting through on the phone is quite difficult sometimes.  You'll often get a busy signal or be on hold for a while sometimes.  Sometimes its also difficult to get a same day sick visit.  Still the positives outweigh the negatives, and I am happy I chose to switch to Dr. Linda as my primary care physician.  	2	3	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
67	1	 Wait times on appointments run 2 hours over on a regular basis;  I've gone in for a 4pm appt, and have not been seen until 7pm, and left after 8pm!  She spends a lot of time with you, but she goes thru the chart and reads EVERYTHING from the start of your time with her-she needs to have a summary page to review all past data.  I have attempted to call in for an appt when I have a condition that I feel i need to see her immediately (ie, UTI, flu-symptoms), and they have NO available appts for that day - they'll book me in 3 weeks at the earliest (and when i know it's a UTI i shouldn't be forced to speak to a dr, just pee into the little cup!).  I have had to go to walk in clinics in these cases and fork over a $100 emergency fee!  Yes: she's friendly, spends time with you, but overbooks her appts, and the staff can be down-right nasty when answering the phone.  	2	1	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$20
67	1	 She is the best, most thorough physician I've ever had.  I love her (and her nurse)!!  New staff out front are better but still not top notch to match doc/nurse.  The phone is constantly busy when I try to call.  	3	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	.  Best doctor you can find but the staff (not including the nurses) is awful!! 	1	3	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
67	1	commentsshe is by far the best doctor I have ever been to .She is kind,caring,thoughtful,and never rushes you out,thats why she runs alittle late sometimes.Your in good hands with Dr. Hanna,she doesn`t miss any little thing,she is the BEST!! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	 Shw is a great Doctor, hope her staff is better than they were.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	0	comments 	2	3	4	2	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	 Yes he is quick, but he knows what's going on, you just got to make sure you tell him everything that is going on,so he can diagnose you correctly. I told him my shoulder has been hurting me, so he said tendinitis, then I remembered to tell him I also been having hips and knee pains. He asked me if I had a tick, I told him anything is possible, so he sent me for blood work and urine test, so far Mono may be the reason for my pains. He does have a deep accent, if you don't understand him, tell him and he will help you understand him.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:AARP
71	1	 I saw him at Norwood Urgent Care when Imcouldn'tbreach my doc. at MGH.  totally blown away by care.  Walked in with 103 fever.  Diagnosed with pneumonia!  They gave me I, antibiotics and prednisone right there.  Left with 4 scrips, his cell phone ny,bet in case problems during the night.  They also had me come back the next morning so they could double check me.  Got 2 more shots.   W old go back there in a heartbeat.  This is NOT a walk in clinic.   It Ida 1st rate professional medical facility! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
71	1	commentsI received better treatment here then I did from the ER I visited the week before.  I expect sub par care because it wasn't a hospital, but was blown away by the quick attentive care I received. AND at such an affordable price for someone without insurance! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	 I agree, Dr Haj is top notch. Both at Urgent care and Primary care above.  Great personality and excellent medical knowledge. He is my doctor or choice.   -- Dennis 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:$20
71	1	 I met Dr Haj in Urgent Care for a cold/flu symptom illness. I was at that time looking for a new primary care doctor. His Primary care office is directly above urgent care. I was quite impressed with him so I inquired if he was accepting  new patients.  I have now his primary care for over two years. He has treated me excellent. With the best care I have had from any doctor in my 54 years.  Cudos Dr. Haj Keep up the good work.   P.S.  Those people that trashed him have no clue what a good doctor is! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:$20
71	1	 the Doctor was excelent if you need any help in urgent care matters you go and see him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Tufts
71	-1	.  The doctor was not very good and seemed not to care about my problem, he seemed to think i was a big baby about the pain i was in, the doctor should also learn to speak better english ! 	2	2	2	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	-1	 This doctor was not very nice.  He seemed like he was in a rush and was always on his phone. He talked with an accent and I couldn't understand him.  I ended up going to the hospital because I didn't feel better after his treatment. The hospital was more curteous and they made me better. I would not recommend this doctor or the urgent care.  Disappointing! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	 I went to woonsocket urgent care for a headache, the doctoe saw within minutes, order some blood test and a ct scan of my head, the results came back with minutes and he was very nice and explained to me my condition as migraine and i think he was right since then I have beed taking the medication without any headche anymore. the place was organized and clean, I did not need to wait for 6-7 hours like the emergency room, Woonsocket Urgent care is very good assest to our comunity and recommend every body to go there instead of the emergency room, less copay, less waiting time, and more personalized treatment, and they even call at your home next, this will never happen at the emergency room.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$10
92	1	commentsMy child is a patient with Dr. Cosmo.  His whole staff is very knowledgable. They makes daughter very comfortable and we always know what's going on and what to expect next. I never feel rushed, and always have all my questions answered. I highly recommend this practice. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	 Exceptional doctor! Dr. Cosmo has a great reputation in RI and our experience with him has exceeded our expectations. Our 8 year old daughter has an extreme fear of anything medical and Dr. Cosmo created a unique plan to help her cope with the process. He first spoke with her pediatrician to come up with a plan, he then has her come in when the office is closed for most patients so he can spend extra time with her and she is not as self-conscious about her fears. Yesterday, for example, he spent one and a half hours with her when her appt was supposed to be just 15 min. He and his assistant were beyond patient and kind and constantly gave my daughter reassurance and praise for every little step she took. He gave her a big hug at then end which again validated her. Not only is Dr. Cosmo a true expert in his field, he is also an incredibly kind and caring human being. I would and already have recommended him to anyone looking for an excellent orthodontist.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	-1	 Beware when you go here. This Dr. filed directly into my daughter's enamal on her front tooth.  Approached him and he denied it.  My hygeinist was one who found it and alerted us.  Please go into office and demand you are allowed in with your son/daughter to see what is going on.  Finally he admitted he did file into her tooth while he was rushing.  Then he tried to hide behind his ommissions form, but this type of filing was not on it at the time.  Filed greivances with insurance company and heatlh department.  You may want to check with them before letting him work on your child.  Also, always very crowded office with one Dr. which we beleive was the root of the problem.  Rushing!  This hsappened last year.  I posted here last year, but apparantly he talked the site into removing it as spam.  This is not SPAM.  This happened and now my daughter has a permanent filling on her front tooth.  	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	 I was very satisfied with my treatment at Dr. Cosmo's office. After going through this for the second time, I wanted to make sure that this was it. I would highly recommend this office.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
92	1	commentsDr. Cosmo is an expert in his field.  I'm an adult who recently had braces put on.  He explained exactly what my options were and what I could expect upon completion of his work.  His staff is kind, caring, and pleasant. 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	 Dr. Hance is knows his stuff and cares for his patients. He takes the time needed with each patient to make sure the patient's concerns and needs are addressed. God bless Dr. Hance and Tina, his terrific MSA.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	 I am totally satisfied having Dr Hance as my primary care physician. He's intelligent and easy to interact with. I value and trust his opinion.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	 Great person and a great doctor, now-a day’s doctors treat based on liability, Dr. Hance treats based on medicine and sound research. I strongly have recommended him for many friends and family.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$20
94	-1	 This doctor should be avoided at all costs. He recently misdiagnosed my mother and she is now in complete renal failure and on dialysis possibly for the rest of her life. All this could have been avoided if he had simply requested a quick dip urine to measure her GLR. That was two months ago when she first saw him for symptoms of metallic taste in her mouth and extreme fatigue. He prescribed prescription Prilosec and we had to request that he take blood. After a month of her progressively detiorating we once again returned to this doctor with my mother having symptoms of night chills,numbness in her extremities,constant hand trembling, and no appetite at all. He treated her for anemia, placed her on prescription iron and sent her home. I recently optained a copy of her initial blood work which showed a BUN/creatinine ratio of 28-normal being 10-20. I do not at this time know what my mother's prognosis will be. If this can help even one person it will be well worthwhile.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Secure Horizons
94	1	.  very knowledgeable,respectful, treats the whole person,compasionate 		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$1000
94	1	commentsKnows his stuff. Polite, kind, timely!!! Great Doctor. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	commentsAwesome Doctor. Very helpful in every aspect. Great Staff 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	 you can't find a better dentist for general dentistry. I've been a patient of his for the last 30 years.Terrific person and dentist.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
