dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	0	long wait never on time. Staff is not friendly or courteous.Dr. is NOT CLEAR ON DIANOSIS.  	3	1	3	3 	Insurance:Medicare
1	1	 	2	2	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	He was uncommunicative and rather cold. He smirked in a condescending way when I told him what I thought was wrong with me. (I turned out to be correct).  	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
2	0	This doctor's office is sub par. While his medical skills are adequate his management of patient accounts is terrible. Very disappointed in this dr. and the way I was treated. 	3	4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
3	0	You always are kept waiting. Staff can be brusque Dr. is very casual about her work.  	2	1	3	3 	Insurance:Medicare
3	1	Dr.  Muglia helped me with my skin problems  and answered all my questions 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	-1	I waited 6 months for this appointment, and then she was 60 minutes late. The office is located inside RI hospital, which is a filthy place. I didn't get the impression that she was really interested in her job when I saw her.  	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
4	1	best doctor/surgeon in RI probably New england hands down. Great guy... great doctor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	. excellent explanations, compassionate, skillful successful surgery, great follow-up, willing to take time to answer questions 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	-1	Had me unwisely rehabbing torn rotator cuff... then rushed off to lunch in his sports car at 11am. I switched Docs and had successful surgery. Office crew great.  	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	This doctor is absolutely fabulous.  I have had 3 different surgeries performed by him - all turned out just fine.  Plus, he keeps up to date with new procedures.  I highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	I've been taking my mom to Dr. Miele.. he is by far one of the nicest doctors anyone can ask for. Very kind and wonderful bed side manner...  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
5	1	Outstanding.  Dr. Miele is great, the staff are caring and professional.  I have unfortunately been to alot of doctors so I know really good.   They are really good!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
5	1	Dr. Miele and his staff are by far the best at what they do!  I would recommend Dr. Miele to anyone who needs a GREAT doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
5	1	Outstanding surgeon! Great personality. Explained everything and answered all questions. Thank you, Dr.  Miele! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
6	-1	I had a very tramatic experience with this Dr. and I was physically shaking when I left the office. I never had a bad experience with any other dentist before.  		3	1	2 	Insurance:Delta Dental
7	1	Dr. Maggiacomo and his staff are very courteous.  He has never kept me waiting and has responded to my phone calls within 1-business day.  I've referred family members to him, the biggest compliment you can give any Dr. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Dr.  Maggiacomo is the best! He cares about his patients and his staff have been excellent to deal with! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
7	1	DR FRANK IS THE MOST FRIENDLY,HONEST,COMPASSIONATE AND THE MOST UNDERSTANDING DOCTOR YOU'LL EVER WANT TO MEET. HE TELLS IT LIKE IT IS AND MAKES SURE YOU GET THE RIGHT DIAGNOSIS AND THE RIGHT TREATMENT. HE FOLLOWS THRU ON EVERY CASE NO MATTER HOW SMALL. HE'S EVERYTHING A DOCTOR SHOULD &amp; COULD BE. THAT'S WHY I AND MY WHOLE FAMILY GO TO HIM.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Dr. Maggiacomo and his staff are wonderful.  He has managed to lower my blood pressure and cholestoral and is always caring, kind and takes the time during each office visit.  He is wonderful.  Thank you.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	-1	see dept. of health disciplinary complaints 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Excellent partner in my healthcare. Very up to date on medical information. Perfect at explaining difficult medical terms and therapy. Get's back to me quickly if I need him for appointment or consultation. Office staff friendly and efficient. Good beside manner.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Everything the first person rating this Dr says is so so true. My mom is 82 and if she had not switched to Dr. Frank two years ago I don't think she would still be with us. He has gotten all of her health issues under control and does not consider her age not worthy of his time as her other Dr had.  	 9/23/06		5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Warm & compassionate, this doctor has the best bedside manner I've ever experienced. He's also thorough, listens to what you have to say, and involves you in your own care.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
8	1	Great doctor and staff. Patient and gentle. Staff is very skilled and helpful. Glad I found that office. It is where I bring my family and refer all my friends. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	This dentist is wonderful...where another local dentist left me high & dry with a problem tooth, this dentist immediately relieved me of the pain and took care of the tooth.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
9	0	DO NOT SEE THIS DOCTOR! i was being treated in hi ma office. one day out of the blue he starts pushing subox on me!! i told him what he was giving me was working very well to manage the pain, and he still insisted on pushing the suboxone. i am not the only one he was doin this to turn out. he also tried pushing methadone on me&#63;&#63;&#63; he tried to tell me that this was a way better route to take then the meds that i was on ( mind you which are working) i knew and know people on suboxone and methdone and they all tell me the same thing, the one that came off of it....they are way worse then the painkillers as far a a detox, and screw you up more. i went there for PAIN MANAGEMENT!  Not Opiate dependacy or Heroine issues. Hes also alway very late, rude, cocky and just a plain useless dr. he is more concerned with the $$ he can make then treating the patient for thier issues. i seen what he billed my insurance for 1 visit... 1400&#63;&#63; this guy is a SHAM 	2	1	2	3 	Insurance:Medicare
9	-1	This doctor should not be in practice! Who makes pain patients wait 4 hours for an appoinment. He also has alot of people in his waiting room that make me question what kind of practice I even attempted to go to. If you are not looking for heavy doses of narcotics I would not suggest going to New England Pain Associates. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	GREAT Doctor, long wait, but worth it.  He's VERY caring and LISTENS to his patients, if you don't mind a bit of a wait, I 110% suggest this Doctor for pain relief/advice!!! 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
9	0	DR. MASHALI WAS PROBABLY A GOOD DOCTOR BEFORE BUT HAS DEFINATLY LOST HIS WAY. HE IS ALWAYS AT LEAST 2 HOURS LATE, ANSWERS HIS EMAILS AND PHONE IN FRONT OF PATIENTS, GIVES NARCOTICS OUT LIKE THEY ARE CANDY,AND IS PUTTING LIVES IN JEOPARDY. HE ONLY SEES THE $ SIGN ABOVE YOUR HEAD. PATIENTS ONLY LIKE HIM BECAUSE HE GIVES OUT SO MANY NARCOTICS. 	1	1	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	. AWESOME Doctor, cares about his patients, GREAT staff, only issue is wait time, but well worth it!!! 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
9	1	Dr mashali is exceptional in is field he has helped me to begin to live my life again. I am grateful for his ability to help treaty back problem and recommend him to anyone who needs to recover from serious back problems. His expertise is second to none. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	My back pain is finally more manageable after treatment. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	After seeing four other Doctors, My PCP sent me to this Doctor because he was a specialist in his field. WE both had hoped to get some result from him. My husband and I walked out of his office feeling WORST then going in. We left with NO resolution to my medical problem. This Doctor had no more to tell me then the other Doctors. What he did tell me was, he thought I ate to much, which I only eat one small meal a day, That maybe weight watchers can help, or better yet, Stapel my Stomach. I work out 3 days aweek, walk 5 miles a day and this is what I had to hear from this doctor. I took my husband in with me, so he could witness first hand what I had to deal with. I'm left with no other resources then before I walked in to this specialistes office. Now when I go back to my PCP, I will be giving him an ear full. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	He is on the Insurance company payroll to rule against social security and workers comp claims, even if both your arms and legs were lobbed off he would say you were able to go back to work, he gets paid to end your benefits..Old, uses archaic methods of assessment , ignores test results, is rude, unprofessional unbeleivable and the judicial system is finally noting that he can't be trusted. Avoid this one calling him a quake would be an insult to quakes. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	I have nothing good to say about Dr. Mariorenzi whatsoever.  Arrogant, rude, narrow-minded and foolish.  His bedside manner is atrocious.  He should have retired 20 years ago.  He defines what is wrong with the medical industry. 	4	5	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	I have had Dr. Louis J. Mariorenzi (the son) do total hip replacements of both my hips, 8 years ago. They were done 3 months apart. I consulted with 4 other Docs. before choosing Dr. Mariorenzi and I have to say after talking to all of them and inquiring/researching into the skills and techniques of total hip replacment, I felt totally confident that Dr. Mariorenzi was the best surgeon for the job. While it is true, he is lacking in bedside manner (speaks mostly very factually), I feel he is the type of surgeon who will be very meticulous and precise in his surgeries. I'm very happy that I had him to do my surgery. When someone is going to operate on you; you want the best and that is what you will get with him. If you want to see someone for pain and sympathy go to a primary care doc. or rheumatologist.  I do find some of the staff leave something to be desired.  Also, wish he was affiliated with RI Hosp. and Miriam, instead of Fatima and Roger Williams. Happy with outcome.  Adore him 	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
11	-1	Absolutely no bedside manners. No regard or help for your pain. Basically father and son (the Louis') tell you to suck it up or go elsewhere for pain. I was told before surgery its an engagement and after surgery its marriage.  	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	I do like the doctor herself, in fact recommeneded her to several friends as well as my own sister. The only complaint I have is on first impressions. She has all these tacky signs taped to the front door at the entrance and beyond. At least they could be laminated or neat and professional, not all dog earred and faded by the weather. And her staff although very helpful and polite hardly look like the epitome of health. Yes I understand overweight, but they are downright obese at a medical professional front desk. Not a great impression of healthy even remotely. Otherwise, the doctor is great, easy to get an appointment and is very genuine and down to earth.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	Dr. Ami is the best. She never makes you feel like you are being rushed out of the office. Very rare these day's.She is laid back and will listen to what ever you need to tell her.I couldn't have asked for a better Dr. She honestly seem's to care about her patient's. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	I LOVE Dr. Muehlberg! She is caring, knowledgeable, and thorough. Also very easy to get in and see her. Her staff is top notch and knows their stuff. There is also a lab on-site.  After switching doctors three times - I'm so pleased to have found her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
12	1	Dr. Muehlberg is the best doctor my husband and I have ever been to. My husband does not like to take any sort of drug unless there is nothing he can do naturally to prevent the issue. Dr. Muehlberg explains everything thoroughly and listens to everything we have to say. She also lets us decide our care within reason. My husband and I are also overweight like the majority of people in the US, but she never states that we need to lose weight (not like we don't already know). Instead, she talks about different foods to eat and types of exercise we can do to change our cholesterol and triglyceride levels.  I would recommend her to any of our family and friends; I like her that much.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	-1	Dr. Malik thinks he is God's gift to gastroenterology.  He told me that my symptoms were all in my head.  I ended up seeing another specialist who diagnosed with me with Crohn's.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	The most helpful and thoughtful man. I was told by my general dentist that 2 of my teeth needed to be removed. He told me that they still could be saved, and sent me to a new dentist who saved both my teeth with just fillings. Love him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
14	-1	This man was very unprofessional, I went in to have some teeth removed and was not sure of what the procedure was going to be like. When he asked me what i wanted done(how many of the three teeth i wanted removed that day) i was not sure so i asked what his advice was. He told me that &quot;you should have brushed your teeth and then you would not have to had any removed.&quot; Then he proceeded to ram the novacaine needle into my gum as hard as he could and without letting it get numb began to rip my teeth out of my mouth.  He got angry with me because i said i was in pain and rammed some more novacaine in my gums. He actually yelled at me to open my mouth wider as he wrenched out my teeth. this was the worst dental experience of my life and i would never advise anyone to use this man. After he finished ****ing me he just left the room without saying a word and when i told my regular dentist about what happened him or someone in his office lied and said i got angry and threw a chair.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
15	-1	Saw this Doctor in the ER of Rhode Island hospital. She had an awful bedside manner. She sounded like she didn't believe anything I was telling her. No compassion whatsoever. Came off as cold and a bit rude. She needs to work on making the patient feel more comfortable. She made me feel like I was a bother and that she had no time for me. She doesn't seem to be a very happy person. I'm not even sure that she likes her line of work. 	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	I could easily wrap this up in 1 word - SMART - but thsi comment box thing is making me add more.  So, I'll add that she's friendly, nice, and smart! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING. EXTREMELY SHARP AND SMART.  	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	She was a nice person, treated me kindly. I would recommend her.  	1	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Dr. Modha is really sharp and smart.  I got the feeling she is really well liked and respected by her staff too. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Excellent Doctor - Smart, helpful, efficient and very professional. You can't but help getting better by just consulting with the doc! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	This doctor keeps patients waiting for hours. He ofetn doe snot arrive in hte office until hours after is first appointment is scheduled.  	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	-1	 	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Dr. Matthews helped me when no one else could. She was consistent and caring and professional. She knows her stuff, that is for sure. I comfortably recommend Dr. Matthews. If you are willing to work hard, she won't let you down. Of this I am sure.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	Dr. McCauley is an excellent physician who truly cares about his patients; his office staff - especially the summer technicians - proved extremely helpful on my visit and I no longer feel that I have to dread going to the ophthalmologist.  The doctor's examinations are always thorough as well, a comforting thought. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Dr. McCaulley is more than just a doctor, he's a friend. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	&quot;Dr. Mig&quot; is one of the best doctors I've ever had.  He was so caring and really took him time with me with anything I needed.  He even made himself available for concerns when he was home!  He made me feel very relaxed and at ease with my surgeries because I was so nervous and anxious.  His staff was even friendly and comforting.  I wish all doctors were like Dr. Mig.  Thank you doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	I am so happy I chose Dr. Michaud for my procedures of a Tummy Tuck and Breast Augmentation. The staff, hospital and Dr. Michaud himself are attentive and sensitive, and knowledgeable. I am 2 weeks post-op and my implants look fabulous and have a very natural full breast look. My stomach looks like a normal stomach. The scars are what are expected and not bad at all. The TT scar is very low and easily hidden beneath my panty line. He helped give me my confidence back after birthing and nursing 2 kids and weight loss. I feel fabulous! I would recommend his services  very highly. I would like to stress that I was extremely fit for the procedure and my BMI index were normal, which I believe contributed to my overall satisfaction with these procedures. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	To echo everyone else, he's great and the staff at the clinic (on Rancho) are very good also. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	I had read ratings from others about DR Michaels. He is EVEN NICER than I could've imagined. Ive had some negative experiences w/dermatologists in Clark County & Im am so glad to have found someone so nice,caring & informed. I got in at exactly my appt time, he was completely on the same page w/me regarding my skin condition & so personable I felt like hugging him when I left! I restrained myself, but that is not my typical reaction to a Dr.  so believe me when I say its worth the drive! He's a sweetie! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Secure Horizons
22	1	Dr. Michaels recently removed a cyst from my daughter's face.  If you have had experience with teenage girls, you know how important their appearance is to them.  Dr. Michaels let us know up front their would be a small scar involved, and tried injecting the cyst first to see if it would resolve itself.  When that didn't work and my daughter asked him to remove it, he couldn't have been more kind or understanding.  He and his staff were extremely professional during the removal procedure itself, which involved only one small stitch.  My daughter is very happy with the results.  I am impressed with Dr. Michaels and his staff and would recommend him very highly.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
22	1	I finally found someone who can help a life-long skin condition other doctors said nothing could be done to correct!  Its a long process, but I can see improvements. Dr. Michaels and his staff are very helpful and polite.  They always listen to my questions and concerns and never rush in and out of the exam like other doctors tend to do. My only problem is that I live a great distance from the new office and cant get there as easily as I would like. But hey, its worth the drive!!! It is a little on the expensive side, but I think in the end its worth it. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Dr. Michaels is one of the best. Knowledgeable, thorough, competent and patient caring. He and his staff are great. Hard to find good Drs. so don't pass this one up.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
22	1	Dr. Michaels and the entire staff at the Las Vegas Skin & Cancer Clinics are outstanding! Dr. Michaels is willing to take the time to talk about various options to skin problems, and he is more than willing to take the time to answer patients' question. The PA's & the nurses are also extremely knowledgeable and are willing to answer patients' questions. Dr. Michael's bedside manner ROCKS! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Dr. Michaels is part of the group called, &quot;Las Vegas Skin and Cancer Clinics&quot;. They have several offices across the valley. I tried another dermatologist and another doctor in this group. I didn't like either one. Then I found Dr. Michaels. He is just great and easy to talk to. He treated a large, stubborn scar, that other doctors said couldn't be done, with great success. In addition, in his north Las Vegas office, he also performs cosmetic procedures. I have had an initial consultation with him and a photo facial. I am very impressed. He is actually human and has a very nice bed-side manner.  Highly recommend! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
23	1	Exterely knowledgable & great at allaying fears of dentistry for me. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	I went to Dr. Manocchio for my first gynecology appointment ever. I was going because something came up abnormal in a pap smear at my general doctor. I was terrified (to say the least) and he made me feel incredibly comfortable. He took the time to really explain what the potential problem was in way that I understood but didn't make me feel stupid. He knew what he was talking about and he was an absolute sweetheart.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
24	1	After years of suffering, Dr. Manocchio was able to figure out what was wrong with me in the first 5 min. of my first appt! He very quickly solved my problem, but took extra time to confirm his diagnosis and to go over every question I asked. I never felt rushed, and most importantly, he never brushed me aside and told me my problem was nothing (which I had heard before).  It is such a releif to have a Gynocologist that I feel totally comfortable with and who is actually helpful.  He is strictly a Gyno-so I never have to worry about competing with pregnant women for appointments an/or attention.  Dr. Manocchio is the best, and I am so grateful to my co-worker for recommending him and getting me out of the baby-mill ob/gyn group I was seeing before.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
25	1	Dr. Monti and his staff are FANTASTIC. I drive over an hour to take my kids since moving out of RI. Well worth the trip. Even saw my little guy on Christmas Day when he was sick. Where else can you find such kindness and dedication.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
25	1	OMG!!! Dr. Monti is the most qualified doctor in the state of Rhode Island. He is excellent Iwith his medical care. His bedside manner with children is superb!!! 	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	. My family loves DR MONTI and his staff,they are so helpful!The Werts family loves you! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
25	1	I trust Dr. Monti with my life! He has helped me through some difficult times and always guided me to the people and resources I needed to get better.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	Me and my two sisters were patients of doctor monti and now all of our children are patients and we felt very lucky to be patients.  Great doctor along with great bedside manor for children! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	This is a great office! My daughter doesn't normally see Dr. Monti himself, although she has on occasion. He is very knowledgeable... yet I do find him to be extremely rushed, and even intimidating to the point where I am scared to ask a question, because I often am made to feel dumb because of his response. However, the other 3 doctors in that office are amazing! They are Dr. O'Shea, Dr. Conway, and Dr. Starkowitz (sp&#63;) Overall, I am happy to have my daughter go there, but I would prefer to not have to deal with Dr. Monti. 		3	2	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	My children have been patients of Dr. Monti's since they were born and all three of my children (ages 7-16) have recieved the very best and most prompt care as his patients, however, his office staff tends to be very grumpy and at times very rude. Although we don't care for the attitudes in the office from time to time, it isn't nearly enough to stop us from bringing our children to Dr. Monti for what we believe is the best care that they could possibly be in.  		5	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
25	1	Dr. Monti has been my doctor since I was a child. He is also the doctor for many others in my family. He is an Excellent doctor and an Excellent person. I live in Providence and I prefer to drive to Cumberland to see him. He will now be my son's doctor and I couldn't be more excited.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	0	Dr. Monti was my pediatrician years ago so I was happy to have him accept my children as his patients. When my youngest was born, his office &quot;forgot&quot; to send Dr. Monti or associate to see my baby. After a year of unhappiness and being totally unable to get through on the phone, I left his practice. I found his staff to be unprofessional and, at times, very rude.  		2	3	3 	Insurance:HealthPartners
25	1	THe entire staff is dedicated to superior service dedicated When my daughters are sick I need not even call but to go in and thy will wait in the &quot;Sick&quot; waiting room and be seen promptly. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Dr Moakler is the best dentist I have ever been too. He is interested in what is best for you, but is honest and clear about your options. His staff is wonderful and truely care about the people they are helping.They worked with me, as my insurance is not the best, and make me feel at home when I am there.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
27	-1	Did not do a proper cleaning for myself and family. 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	We LOVED him.  He is a little flat, but he knows his stuff! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	We met Dr. Morrison in the emergency department after a tragic accident.  He was very kind and explained the situation was very serious and that it was still very.  We went to surgery but the bleeding was already too bad.  Dr. Morrison was always available to answer questions and help us through this process. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	My Entire family has been going to Matrullo forever, since he remodeled with his fancy &quot;chandellair&quot; waiting room, his prices increased and his attitude changed!  He is no longer the &quot;patient friendly&quot; Dentist we remember, hes become rude, arrogant, uncaring, definitly money hungry. We left there and are so happy we did!  Fillings Do Not Cost $200-500 dollars people!!! Dont let this guy scam you!!  I guess someomes gotta pay for that stupid chandellair in the waiting room and finance him and his sons Constant pictures in ShopRI mag....  Right&#63; 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	-1	 	4	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	what a jerk. i gave them my delta card and they sent me a bill 5 years later and stated that delta didnt pay. it was to late for me to argue with delta so i was responsable for the 300.00 cleaning. what a rip off. i would never refer him to anyone.  he is money hungry and just screws his patients 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
29	-1	Brought my son to him for a filling, Matrullo was VERY impatient with my young son who was scared. My son was screaming, I thought it was because he was so scared but it was that Matrullo had pushed his lip down so hard, my son had a huge bruise on his face/lip for 2 weeks. Thought about a lawsuit, but I'm not the sue-happy type. I still have the photos. My husband and I let it go and never returned to him. My son still talks about it and it was quite a few years ago. If you're going to accept children as patients, you have to have patience. 	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	For the past 10 years I have been drinking more and more coffee because my job entails long hours, and because of this, my teeth became yellowish. I was getting shy to smile due to this disgusting color. I went to Dr. Matrullo and had a deep cleaning and a whitening treatment. I was very happy with the results because they made my teeth recover to a much improved color. Dr.  Matrullo guided me on how to last the whiteness so I don’t have to fear drinking coffee! I have been with him for years now and couldn't be happier 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	-1	15000.00 paid for dental work and to be told I need another 6000.00 to complete the work. cannot afford this.  	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:Delta Dental
30	1	Very helpful office with a pleasant staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
31	1	I recently switched to Dr. Mitchell after my previous doctor from the same practice retired, and I am very satisfied.  Dr. Mitchell is great because she takes her time, and she listens.  Nothing you say is trivial or unimportant.  She even allowed me to come in for a check up when I couldn't even identify any actual syptoms-I just didn't feel right-but her trust in my insticts led to the discovery of an inner ear infection.  i have had nothing but great experiences with the hillside ave family and community medicine group, but Dr Mitchell really stands out and that is why I chose to rate her on this site.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
32	1	Great Doc and great staff. I have alot of work to get done, so lets see how it goes. One of my friends to me to go to him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	Glad he back in business, The other dentist I was forced to go too while, he was closed, hs done a terrible job. Now that he is back, I feel comfortable again.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
33	1	So grateful to have him back,..Tried others,no one compared to Dr.Marcantonio,The best,honest dental care ever.It amazes me,how this man and his family never defcende themselves yet,...to the horrendous accusations,Yet.,You all have untrue rotten ratings,just so nasty,All you get with Dr Marc,is the best dental care,and upfront honesty,..try finding someone like that in R.I.,...  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
33	1	Yesterday I returned to Dr. Marcantonio after waiting for him to reopen his practice. He came highly recommended years ago and it was a shock to me that he referred me to another Dentist while he worked out a problem. He suffered for years fighting the system and now he is back thank God. His dental work for my wife, daughters and myself was always excellent. The posts I read do not represent the truth of his work or character. He has always demonstrated a professional atmosphere and I enjoyed the modern music and styles of he and his staff.  The meanness and repeat postings to drive down his rating is the work of a black-hearted soul. He is a good man and you can trust him to provide you with the best in dental care. I am not related to him or even a personal friend. I'm just trying to do the right thing by defending a great dentist so that you can benefit from his excellent dental care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
33	-1	Since he reopened his practice he has changed.......A guy like that didn't change he will be back to his old ways once a snake always a snake. Think about it he got shut down for a reason now all of a sudden hes a great dentist again because he got his license back. The guy is an animal plain and simple and whoever stays loyal to a guy like that after what he did to people needs to have there heads examined. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	Since he has reopened his practice, he is a different person. He takes his time, explains everything in detail and gives you all sorts of options. I glad he is back. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
33	1	I don't have anything negative to say about the work that Doctor Marcantonio did on my teeth and my family.  I can't wait until he is back in business. For 22 years he was a great dentist. My teeth are beautiful I get comments all the time thank yhou Doctor Marcantonio.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
33	-1	This guy ruined my mouth. The bridge work he performed was substandard. He applied the bridge to a tooth that never should of remained in my mouth due to decay and a crack. He over drilled one tooth and broke something off of the drill. He swore and threw a tray full of instruments across the room. Then he yelled and used foul language at the girl who worked there. I was absolutely horrified and was in tears. I am so glad the state has stopped this man from continuing the mayhem he was causing. I wonder what will happen to him because he is alleged to have stole money from the insurance. I wonder when he will be prosecuted and jailed for his actions. Very Sad! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	I am so glad he is closed down. it has cost me hundreds of dollars to fix the mess he made of my teeth and my sons. thank god we were not some of the casualtys who lost teeth because of this loser. I am embarrassed because of all the people I sent to him and alot of them had big problems because of his terrible work. I am glad he is cleaning boilers for his brother. Thats were he belongs. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
33	-1	Thank God he is out of business. He is the worst dentist on the face of the earth.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	0	I was a patient of Dr. Marcantonio's for about 15 years. At first I was impressed because he had evening hours which was convenient for me since I worked full time days. I did not care for the atmosphere of always having heavy metal rock music on while he was working on me. I made the decision to go with dentures. I had the top done first and went back many times for adjustments which I understood was normal while your gums were healing and shrinking. Five years later I had the botton teeth done and that's when I ran in to a problem. When I kept complaining of a piece of tooth still in my gums after he had pulled them all, he admitted that he left a piece in there by mistake.  He told me to come back later anytime and he would take it out, but it would cause too much pain if he did too soon. But I never went back since I cancelled my dental coverage after having dentures put in. I still have this piece of tooth that rubs on my denture plate and causes considerable pain.  	3	5	3	3 	Insurance:Delta Dental
33	-1	About the last review saying there are no other good dentists in the state of RI thats a load of crap. I would not call Mr Marcantonio a DR hes an animal what he did to his loyal customer's screw them and harm there overall dental health thats uncalled for and totally unprofessional. As far as the review below the last one yes i agree about with the drug use the guy had a lot of problems i kno people that kno him personally and always told me stories that i never believed some people shouldent stick up for Dr Marc because that really don't kno him on the outside level like some of us do outsid eof the practice AVOID AT ALL COST'S 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	Went to him for a broken tooth which was the result of a failed root canal. He said the root was completely shattered, and the tooth had to be removed. This man struggled, sweated, cussed and even threw dental instruments while trying to get the tooth out. After 30 minutes, he declared the removal a success, mumbled a few words, and stormed out. After having a routine dental checkup 3 yrs later by a different dentist, I was told, and shown on the panarex that the tooth was not completely removed and I've got a huge piece of the tooth still left in my upper jaw.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
33	1	Dr. Marcantonio has always treated me fairly, respectfully, and better than any dentist I have ever been to. I think that people who haven't personally experienced unfair treatment should not speak in general. There are always different sides to every story and things aren't always the way that they look. There are so many possibilities to what could have happened and the truth is that none of us truly know what occured. Unfortunately, it is too often that we accept the things that are portrayed by society, instead of questioning things for ourselves and making our own decisions of what the truth is. I think that before we make judgements, we should put ourselves in the other persons shoes.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
33	-1	This is by far the worst dentist on the face of the earth. i am glad he got closed down for all the wrong doings done to innocent people he needs to get his teeth removed out of his mouth and see how he likes it.  Good job by the department of health finally closing this guy down 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
33	-1	HORRIBLE DENTIST - AVOID AT ALL COST!! I must agree with the previous reviewer - I was a patient in Dr. Marcantonio's practice for more than 20 years. I was totally unaware of the decline in my dental health due to his neglect, until a tooth had to be sacrificed due to an untreated infection.  I have spent SEVERAL thousand dollars (in addition to payments made by my insurer, Delta Dental), to restore my dental and periodontal health.  Over a year later, and I am still not finished with the corrective treatment!  How this dentist continues to &quot;treat&quot; patients, is completely beyond my reasoning. I know there is an ongoing investigation by the RI Department of Health and additionally, Delta Dental has dropped him from their network, but other patients/future patients should be aware that the standard of care with which Dr. Maracantonio treated my dental health (and apparently that of others), was completely unacceptable.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
34	1	What a great doctor!  I came in to the ER in a complete panic with my toddler who had a fall (I thought he may have sprained or broken his wrist).  My son and I were both a mess.  Dr McCann was able to make my son laugh through it all!  I hope I never, EVER, have to go back to an ER again, but if I do, I hope he's around.  	 8/15/11	5	4	5	Insurance:Aetna
35	1	This Doctor was excellent.. People fail to post positive and successful comments... So please read on. Dr Miller worked 10 hours on a complicated procedure that initially seemed to be one problem but once he started operating with his team of 7 encountered additional problems. Operation was successful, saved my Godfather and continued to follow up for the entire week ensuring he was recovering as expected. Communication was excellent, care was excellent and we are grateful .thank you DR Miller 	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	I had two visits with this doctor.  The first one went OK, although the history and exam was very brief.  On the second visit, I had to wait more than an hour to see the doctor, and I heard grumbling from other patients saying this is routine.  When I finally got in there, and I told him I did not respond to the medication for BPH, he seemed to dismiss it as psychological.  This doc seemed more interested in flirting with my wife than listening to what I had to say.  No testing was done, other than a urinalysis.  I have sinced changed to a new urologist and I'm much happier.  	3	2	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	-1	This doc is the most incompetent and arrogant doctor that you will ever encounter.  He removed my dad's kidney, said he would be fine and out of the hospital in 2 days.  He failed to notice that the remaining healthy kidney did not function thereby resulting in complete kidney failure. He has a number of civil complaints. Check him out before you let him cut you. 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Dr. McGarry is the best Dr. I have ever met.. She has been my Dr. for over 10yrs and I highly recommend her to anyone.   I love her!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	Dr. McGarry is great.  I went in with a knee injury several days before and saw another doctor in the practice who didn't do much in the way of an exam, assumed it was a varicose vein and told me to call in 2 weeks if it didn't get better with ibuprofen and heat, after determining by sonogram that I didn't have a blood clot.  When I returned to the office, my regular doctor wasn't there so I saw Dr. McGarry.  She was GREAT.  She took her time with me, asked lots of questions and did a thorough exam, all without making me feel as though I was wasting her time. She gave me two possible diagnoses (both of which sounded much more likely than pain caused by a varicose vein) and sent me to PT.  I had a great experience.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	Dr. McGarry is extremely knowledgeable, yet very friendly and easy to talk to. Takes her time with patients, never makes you feel rushed. Caring, competent staff as well.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	-1	me: so i know there is free cancer screening for women in ri. now that i am in my 50's where should i go to do that&#63;  dr memmon: here, you can go to this clinic. but they are no longer accepting new patients  me: ummmmmmm......well than what CAN i do&#63;  memmon: get a job and pay for your medical appointments with cash! 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	I would highly recommend Dr. Myers. His is a caring, thoughtful and intelligent dr. who is always there when you need him.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
38	1	KNOW HIM FRO OVER 20 YEARS. HAS ALWAYS BEEN A CONCERNED DR. GREAT BED SIDE MANNER, VERY GOOD DR AWARE OF NEW METHODS KNOWLEDGABLE OVERALL GREAT DR 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	-1	Mitch is Dr. Mourad's secretary. She is completely unprofessional and extremely rude to patients. She treats you like a number instead of a person and lacks patience. I just wonder how she would like to be treated if she were in the same situation. Mitch is very condesceding and I stopped going to Dr. Mourad because of her lack of professionalism.  	1	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	-1	Mitch is very insensitive and uncaring.  I cannot believe how she treats patients.  She acts as if she could care less because then she will not have to do her job.  I do not use Dr. Jack Mourad because of Mitch's poor attitude. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
39	-1	On my last visit I was kept waiting in the small waiting area for one hour while the doctor was in with a sales person. 	4	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	Super, caring doctor.  The best.  Nice, smart, knowledgeable.  	 11/24/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
40	1	Dr Marano is the BEST primary care dr I have ever bEen to. She takes as much time as you want to discuss any questions. She is so sweet and thorough!! Wouldn't trade her for the world.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	I recently became a patient of Dr. Marano's.  She is so sweet.  She is very thorough and took the time to listen and offer suggestions to me.   I couldn't be happier to have her as my primary care! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	Dr. McAndrew is an excellant doctor, he found I had a hiania hernia, and a bleeding ulcer. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Not only was he thorough, but he also predicted a condition based on my description of my symptoms and biopsied for this condition during a routine test.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	0	license was suspended a few years ago. found it on state medical board website. Was also in the papers.http://www.health.ri.gov/discipline/MDPhilipMcandrew...  				 	Insurance:Medicare
41	1	Very knowledgeable and kind doctor, takes time needed to explain everything.  I had a big concern about my health and he helped me a lot!! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	A VERY GOOD DOCTOR TOOK CARE OF ME AS MUCH AS HE COULD. UNTIL HE HAD TO REFER ME TO A SURGEON..HE IS THE BEST....  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
41	1	I liek Dr. McAndrew's style. He is straightforward, knowledgeable, and takes the time to discuss issues with me.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	. Excellent doctor, listened to my problem and helped me takes step to solve it, very punctual even when an office error with my appointment time occured, I saw him within fifteen minutes 	 12/1/04		5	5	Insurance:HealthPartners
42	1	Great Doctor, she is and will always be the most professional doctor in this state.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	I found Dr. Mehta to be very knowledgeable and very nice. She answered all my questions thoroughly and even anticipated other questions to answer. I will definitely go back to her, if I should need to. Her staff was also nice and very curteous. I'm grateful.... 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	A super doc.  Smart, warm, caring.  She figured out what was wrong with me after I'd wasted several months with other doctors who made wrong diagnoses or gave up entirely.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
44	1	Very helpful, compassionate and he takes the time to listen to you! Highly recommended! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Dr Meringolo has been very helpful to me re my Atrial Fibrillation, performed two cardio versions and was very compassionate during both procedures trying to take away my fears.  I feel very lucky to have him as my Cardiologist. I would recommend him highly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
45	1	. nice staff, very friendly doc, happy to be a new patient in the practice 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	very nice office, clean and quiet.  Friendly staff and Dr. Martin was wonderful, very calming and professional.   I am glad I got in to see him so quickly! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	. i fillowed him from practice to practice he's a hard doctor but i think he's wonderful he keeps me on my toes when needed and tells me the truth about what is on his mind i wouldn't switch him for nothing unless he moves his practice any further away wouldn't be able to afford the gas i hope that doesn't happen i'd like to keep him   tabitha 	5	4	3	5 	Insurance:Medicare
46	1	Been with Dr. Machata since 2000. Very happy with him and staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
47	1	Dr. Mal has been our pediatrician for 20 years. He keeps current with medical updates and always refers out immediately if needed. We highly recommend Dr. Mal as a pediatrician for your child. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	He was my Dr. Growing up and is now my childrens Dr. He is by far the best in the area! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	been our Dr for 9 yrs (2 kids).  Even came to ER on Easter for minor dehydration due to stomach bug (all the while acting as if he had business to do there so we wouldn't feel bad).   Love him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	Dr. Maltz is a wonderful Pediatrician! He has been caring for our daughter since she was born, over 2 years now. He has excellent bed-side manner, really listens to the parents, and he will literally stay in the office until you feel comfortable that all of your questions have been answered. He is very knowledgeable, and my daughter adores him. I would recommend him to anyone looking for a Pediatrician. Really, I cannot say enough kind things about him and his staff.  We are really pleased with him!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	. A critical accident due to negligence happened to one of her patients, namely my mother 	2	4	5	4 	Insurance:Medicare
49	1	. Has been my doctor for  20 years, attentive and helpful 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
50	-1	totally unproffesional and was totally rude and inappropiate!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
51	-1	. There is nothing else I could say, she is the worse doctor, never go back 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	I've had Dr. Manning for many years.  She's simple the best GYN in RI.  She's caring, patient, understanding, professional, goes the extra mile, loyal and has the best personality.  I will continue to be her patient for as long as I can.  Her staff is great.  You won't be sorry.  Give her a try and you'll see that I'm 100% on the botton.  	 9/3/09	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
51	1	Dr Manning is the most understanding compassionate person I wish more doctors were like her. She is always available to her patients I am even happier that she moved her office closer to my home 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	She has been my doctor for about 8 years now. I have always felt very comfortable with her.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
51	1	Had an amazing labor/delivery with Dr. Manning. Would highly recommend her. 		4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	I like her so much that I had to add her to this site just so I could rave about her. She's so straightforward and easy to talk with. She did a great job in delivering my baby. If I still lived in RI, I would want her deliver all my babies! 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	This man is the most wonderful doctor there is. I took my daughter to him several times for in office surgery. His bedside manner, personality, and his genuine care far surpassed my expectations. He and his staff did everything they could to accomodate my child even though im sure for the most part they are used to only dealing with adults. I would HIGHLY reccomend Dr. Milam to everyone.. he is by far the best!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
53	1	Considering I can be a worrier, I feel this doctor engages just perfectly with answering any questions and addressing concerns. He has a kind, soft spoken gentle manner. I feel well taken care of with him also my husband sees him as well.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
53	1	Dr Mathieu is easy to talk to and very good at listening to your problems and answering your questions.  He is a fantastic doctor! 	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	Very helpful and very knowledgeable.  I would strongly recommend.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	I've been with Doctor Manown for a few years now. The only thing that really disappoints me is waiting to long in the patient room. I purposly schedule an appointment right after there lunch so I could be taken right in, only to find out I waited 40 minutes. Totally unacceptable. The second thing thats diappointing is the on call staff when the Doctors off. The doctor on call was very abrupt. Very bad service............. 	4	1	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	I waited for an hour and a half as a first-time patient.  She said do you have numbness in your hands.  I said no.  She was called out of the office to look at another person's x-ray and came back and said so how long has this numbness been going on.  Did not listen. She rushed me out of there because she was triple booked.  I left feeling like I didn't find a doctor to help me and did not go on another appointment.  She is polite but has to slow down.  Now I have to find someone else for the disk problem in my neck my internist found through x-ray. 	2	1	2	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	I like her.  She has good beside manner and answers all my questions. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Very knowledgeable and explains everything to you.  Excellent doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	she is a very caring and very good doctor . she listens and does whatever she can to help you. whenever i call she is right there to help. she has operated on me numerous times, i am lucky to have such a doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	DR. MIGLIORI DID MY KNEE REPLACEMENT SURGERY AND I HAVE BEEN VERY SATISFIED---I FOUND HER TO BE VERY FRIENDLY, KNOWS WHAT SHE IS DOING AND NOT AT ALL POMPOUS.  I HAVE RECOMMENDE HER TO A NUMBER OF PEOPLE INCLUDING MY DAUGHTER--NEED I SAY MORE&#63; 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	-1	SHE IS A DOCTOR, HER HUSBAND IS A DOCTOR, HER FATHER IN LAW IS A DOCTOR, HER ENTIRE MANNER LETS YOU KNOW THAT SHE IS ALL ABOUT MONEY. SHE IS A COLD FISH THAT COULD CARE LESS ABOUT HER PATIENTS AND THE PRACTICE SHE IT WITH IS NO BETTER. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
56	-1	Very unprofessional and seemingly uneducated; wrong career choice, Felicia. I can't believe she has a license to practice medicine! Obviously I would NOT recommend her.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Meila's since I was 15 years old and I love her, she's so awesome that when I recently moved and found out my insurance company did not accept her practice/considered it out-of-network --I still paid out of pocket to continue visiting her.  The entire staff in that office is great. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Great doc! Knows her stuff, thorough, excellent bedside mannner. Always available when needed in a short notice situation. Highly recommend her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Meila for several years.  My Mother and Daughter are also her patients.  Dr. Meila is extremely thorough with her examinations and always calls or writes personally with test results.  Over the years, there have been times where I was not feeling well and she always made time for a sick visit.  Although she is extremely prompt, if the wait (for a scheduled examination) is a few minutes longer than usual, I always take into consideration the times that my sick visit delayed her seeing other patients.   We think she is the BEST! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	-1	Do not trust this doctor....believe me, I know.  I complained and complained about a pain in my kidney area, etc., etc.  All this doctor did was stick her nose up in the air, and stated this exactly...&quot;you think you have cancer don't you&quot;.  I walked out.  I went to my cardio doc...AND YES, I HAD KIDNEY CANCER AND MORE!!!! DO NOT TRUST HER!!! 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Great doctor.  Very knowledgeable and takes time with you.  Has taken care of everything I needed attention to.  Also never too bad of a wait to see her.  The only complaint I have is that when you call there you get put on hold right away for at least 5 minutes every time, sometimes it's been so long I actually thought they forgot me on hold. Maybe they need to hire another secretary, but besides that great office and doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Dr. Meila is a wonderful doctor. She is very attentive and personable.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	Dr. Meila is very knowledgeable and caring. She also has an excellent bedside manner.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	Knows her stuff.   Great bedside manner.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	. HELPFUL WITH FINDING HIDDEN MEDICAL CONDITION GREAT GUY GREAT DOC!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	DR. MAYER IS A WONDERFUL DIAGNOSTICIAN AND A WONDERFUL PERSON. I HAVE KNOWN HIM FOR YEARS AND HE HAS HELPED ME WITH ALL OF MY HEALTH ISSUES.  I HOPE HE WORKS FOREVER AS I DO NOT KNOW WHAT I WOULD DO WITHOUT HIM. HE HELPS ME WHENEVER I NEED HIM EVEN SOMETIMES ON A WEEKEND, HE IS PATIENT CARING AND WONDERFUL EVERYONE SHOULD HAVE A DOCTOR MAYER TO TAKE CARE OF THEM.  	 11/3/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	Dr. Mayer is brilliant. He is very understanding and open-minded.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	-1	Please look at his state medical record above before seeing this doctor. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Great guy and very thorough...I would recommend him to anyone!  Helped me get to the bottom of a medical issue others failed to diagnose.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	Dr. Morton is truly a great doctor. He is patient and understanding, very personable, and has a way of always making you feel in control of your health/care. He also likes to deliver his patients' babies, so unless he's out of town he'll be there. He understands that being an OB/GYN means taking care of the mother both physically and emotionally. Even his residents will attest to his warm bed-side manner, knowledge, and high standards.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	Amazingly Patient and knowledgeable.  Especially if you are young and need more explanations of things, he is great.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	Dr. Morton is an amazing, skilled, respectful &amp; caring OB. I had the chance to interact with him during my 2nd pregnancy, as he was my midwife's back-up doctor. He was nothing but supportive of my homebirth plan, and is known for his support of natural birth (both in and outside the hospital). He is kind and soft-spoken and gentle, and an incredibly knowledgable doctor. I highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	. hE HAS DELIVERED BOTH OF MY CHILDREN AND I HOPE HE NEVER RETIRES BECAUSE I'D BE LOST WITHOUT HIM 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
59	1	Great Guy! Is delivering my second child next month..  	4	3	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
60	-1	He is by far the rudest, worst doctor on the planet. He made my daughter cry with his incredible lack of compassion for children. He should have become a veterinarian because he treated my child like an animal.He performed a test on her with NO PATIENCE whatsoever hurt her and made her cry and bleed. Then he said &quot;BE QUIET...you wanted it now your gonna get it&quot;!! He is the worst of the worst... a complete disgrace to the medical field!!! 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
61	1	this dr. is fantastic, very knowagable and  calls a spade a spade and keeps well imformed. staff is great as well, they make you feel like you really are important to them like and make the whole dr. thing very painless. i stroglly recomend this dr mazza.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	Treated many of my injuries from when I was in 6th grade through my graduation from high school. I dislocated my left elbow, twisted my left knee, sprained my right knee, sudden swelling of my left knee that needed drainage (twice), diagnosed me as a candidate for needing reconstructive cartilage in my knees in the future (convinced me it would be stupid to do it now), shattered left ankle, multiple high right ankle sprains....he's put my body back together so many times and even gave me his # to ski with him up in NH (where I left to go to college)...Never put my body in danger....Great family practice with his dad and brother...  		3	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	-1	. Accused me of seeing him for DRUGS! Swore at me numberous times! Fractured hips realized after 2 months of visits!!! HORRIBLE HUMAN BEING!!! Would not let him examine my house plant! BE EXTREMELY CAUTIOUS!!! Bad History concerning addiction, personal life and patient abuse! I Switched doctors ~ you should too! DANGEROUS PERSON! POORLY SKILLED! NO BEDSIDE MANOR! HE IS IN IT STRICTLY FOR THE MONEY! BEWARE!!!!!! 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	Dr. Marscocci is a kind and caring man. He answered all my questions and told me exactly how a gallbladder removal was preformed.He made me feell at ease and comfortable. After surgery, other than being sore (laproscopic) I had no terrible CO2 pain or nausea and the nurse anestisist put a patch behind my ear before the proceedure. I was scared but he made me feel confident and assured.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	you are the greatest doctor ever and very keen. one time i had to come because i had a very high feaver thanks for helping me. keep up the great work! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	Kind and caring physcian. He is very knowledgeable, patient, and listens. I believe he truly CARES about his patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	I wish to God he was a GP. He is an outstanding doctor who you can talk openly and frankly with and who is honest with his assessments.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
64	1	Dr. Mancini and his staff are courteous, caring, and professional.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	VERY GOOD. SPENDS AS MUCH TIME AS NECESSARY WITH PATIENT. ALWAYS CLLS BACK WHEN YOU LEAVE A MESSAGE. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	been a patient of his practice for 13 years and continue to be pleased with his professionalism (and his staff).  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
66	1	Dr Mis, Is one of the best doctors I have ever seen. He is caring and knows his stuff.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	I had a colonoscopy followed by an endoscopy performed by Dr Mis in August of this year. Everything went fantastic. DR. Mis has an outstanding bedside manner! On the  follow-up visit he was able to provide me with great results in my battle with acid reflux.  Truly a great doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
66	1	Dr.Mis and his staff are excellent. I went there for a routine colonoscopy and also had a endoscopy for my throat.I never felt so comfortable when he came in to procedure room. He is a doctor that puts his patients above making money.I finally got my husband to go against his wishes and after dealing with Dr. Mis will have no problem going again in 5 years. We love him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	The best doctor I have ever met. He is the most caring, honest and dedicated doctor and my wife agrees.  We have both been patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	-1	He kept me waiting for over an hour after my first appointment was scheduled. He claimed it was an emergency, which seemed possible until he did it again on upon my second appointment. If he deems your case not that urgent (aka lucrative and requiring surgery) he'll try to pass you off onto his nurse practioner who works for him. Nothing against nurse practioners. They serve an important medical role, but I came to see a medical specialist, not an assistant with an advanced nursing degree who didn't go to medical school. I suspect he does this too push through as many patients through the office as possible. More than he could possibly treat himself, yet his staff bill the insurance companies the same regardless of whether he sees the patient himself or his nurse practitioner. It's all about dollars and cents for this guy. He's a likable enough guy to talk to, but he's all about billable hours, not patient care, and it shows. Go elsewhere. You can do better.  	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
67	-1	They don't appear to have private exam rooms.  They have a big room with curtains separating 6-10 areas, each about four feet by ten feet, as best as I could see when I was taken there.  I waited about half an hour for the doctor, meanwhile a child was screaming 10 feet away from me and there were loud conversations in the curtained areas next to me, a real privacy concern.  Twice there was an earsplitting sound which I assume was a power saw taking off a cast and the smell of dust in the air (I have asthma).  I had a splitting headache by the time I saw the doctor.  Holy cow. 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	I was very pleased with Dr Mechrefe.  I would refer him to anyone I know. 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	-1	Don't go to him for a shoulder problem! Or anyone else at Univ. Ortho. for that matter. Go to Brigham &amp; Womens. For me, the extra 1.5 hour drive could have saved me over a year of serious pain, discomfort, ineffective/unnecessary treatment, missed work, and almost spine surgery to treat a shoulder problem! This guy is a joke. In 5 office visits, I only met him once, the rest of the time they sent in PA's. Your health is nothing to play around with. Go to Boston and see a real doctor who takes their job seriously.  	 10/12/11	1	3	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	Dr. Maher and his staff helped me get over my injury and on with my life. I would highly recommend this doctor and his office.  Thank you! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	I had a issue with my meds,he helped me out and got me to a good place,I know he does not have his PHD but i belive he is a PA,which is prettymuch a Doctor, belives in new age meds! 	2	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Dont know how this kid is a doctor,but he helped me with my foot,wrote me a script. sent me for a MRI and i feel much better!  top doc 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	-1	After almost a year of treatment this psychologist called and left a voice mail telling me he was closing his practice, without even a referral or a callback.  Did not return calls.  	1	2	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	-1	After spending half an hour outlining the details of my RSD and all the meds I was on with his PA, and explaining that I needed help getting them better organized and didn't need or want any more meds, Dr. Marano accused me of seekng him out for more meds!!  JACKASS!!  Now that I see he was educated in a foreign country I can understand, he is just not that smart...  Don't waste your time or money with this guy, there are far better Neurologists at RIH who actually listen to patients and know what they are doing.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
71	-1	I went to this neurologist because I was in horrible pain. He coldly told me, &quot;You're gonna have to learn to live with it.&quot; 	 12/9/11	3	3	1	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Marano for about 4 years.  First the good: Dr. Marano has a very pleasant personality, and has managed to treat my migranes pretty well.  He dosen't overtest or try to sell suppliments like some other neurologists sometimes do.  The downside is you will very rarely actually get to see him. Most of the time I see his NP Maria, who is very nice, but his PA Jason I found to be very rude and condescending.  I still have to pay for a specialist even if I see the NP or PA which I don't think is right. Dr. Marano is one of the only neurologists on staff at Fatima Hospital and most likely is overwhelmed with patients.  I think he should consider closing off his practice if he can't get to see all his patients in a timely manner.  I would reccomend with reservations.  	4	3	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
72	1	Dr. Marcaccio just left his practice, so sad to see him go. His office staff is wonderful. Very bright, compassionate young ladies, especially Nikki and Alyssa. They are always willing to help. Even with Dr. Maraccio gone I will continue to refer to this practice.  	5	2	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	-1	I am sure that there are worse doctors than Dr Marcaccio, but I have yet to meet any. Clearly did not give a damn about us.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
72	-1	This doctor is a disgrace.  Do not go to him unless you do not care about your health.  He is absolutely awful and makes things up since he has not a clue. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
72	-1	Used to be fabulous... hooked up with other medical company, lost good staff and lost his compassion--very sad to see the change 	1	2	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
72	1	Outstanding physician. I have my whole family going to him, I have much faith in him.He listens, never rushes through an appointment. Urgent visits seen promptly, the office staff is aces...they are right there for you when you need something.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	He is terrific. He knows the answer to everything. He uses common sense. Outstanding doctor. He is our primary care doctor and, although he will refer us to specialists at any time, he usually can take care of just about everything himself. His annual check-up appointments are outstanding, and because of him, I never ever worry about my health. I am a middle aged, very healthy woman - but lots of things happen as you age. This man is absolutely outstanding.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
72	1	The best doctor I have ever had. I've suffered through depression and anxiety all of my life and thought I just had no choice but to live that way. Dr. Marchaccio was the first doctor to actually sit and listen and explain things to me. I owe my happiness to Dr. Marcaccio.  Two thumbs up! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
72	1	He is the best doctor we have ever had in our entire lives. He is unbelievably knowledgeable and does not over-prescribe or order all kinds of extra tests. Very smart man. His office staff is also wonderful. Highly recommended. Left my last primary care doctor because he and his office staff were awful! Dr M. is terrific.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
72	-1	Was such a good doctor before.  What happened&#63;! 		3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	Dr. Morgan is a very caring &amp; smart man. He takes the time to listen to you &amp; takes notes so he can ask you about your progress the next time you see him. He beleives &amp; understands you even when you can't quite explain the pain right.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	-1	Dr morgan and his staff are a joke. They let my husband suffer with acute cluster headaches for two weeks while he was on vacation. No covering dr., no way to reach him. They are also closed on Fridays so don't expect to get some help if you are suffering. Please if you suffer from migraines find someone who will acutually be of help when you need it. I called them sobbing for my husband and all I got was &quot;We are here till 1 o'clock and the doctor is on vacation. Take him to the ER.&quot; Some dr.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	DR MORGAN IS A RARE BREED. HE HAS BEEN IN PRIVATE PRACTICE FOR YEARS BUT HAS REMAINED THE MOST KIND, AND CARING MAN YOU COULD FIND. HE MAKES YOU FEEL LIKE YOU ARE HIS ONLY PATIENT WHEN YOU ARE THERE. THE DOWNSIDE IS THAT YOU WAIT FOREVER FOR AN APPOINTMENT, AND I MEAN FOREVER, WHICH IS REALLY TOUGH WHEN YOU ARE SUFFERING WITH MIGRAINE HEADACHES. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	Awesome doctor explains any situation your child may be going through and is right 98% of the time I'm very comfortable and satisfied with Dr. Morocco my son was born in 2005 and needed heart surgery at 4 months Dr. Morocco referred me to Dr. Loyd Feit who is amazing, he also was very supportive and open to any questions during that period of my son going through surgery 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
74	1	Dr. Morocco is a fantastic Pediatrician. He has seen both my sons since birth and I highly recommend him. He is caring and my boys think he is great~! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	best pediatrictian in this state!!!!i went to three different offices, and i can never compare his servixes to anyother, he is well knowledge and is excellent 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	Dr. Morocco is an excellent pediatrician and was reccomended to me by my OBGYN.  He has always been extremely knowledgeable and kind when addressing my concerns and gives all the sides to any potential treatments and vaccines.    I didn't always know what questions I should ask (being a new mom) but he made sure I had all the info I needed.  (I also followed him from his old practice, i had to see the other doctor's a few times when my son was sick, and while they wre experienced they did not treat me or my son as any more than &quot;just another sick kid&quot; the way Dr.  Morocco does) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
74	1	Dr. Morocco is a great pediatrician.  He is great with my child.  He has always been very thorough with any concerns I had regarding a situation with my child.  He always takes the extra step to assure me that there is nothing severly wrong with my child when he becomes very ill.  I recommend this dr. to all. Now that he has his own practice, the service is much better.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
74	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	AMAZING doctor! Responds best to email, will call you herself with test results or if she needs to change your appointment time. How many doctors do that&#63;  Very attentive and always responds to my questions and concerns.  LOVE her! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	-1	Love Dr. Magee, but feel she does not have enough time for her patients, I feel I do not get the care I need, and to boot the office staff is horrible, and I was sick and they couldn't see me for 2 months, had to go to the walk in, love her, but I think I may be looking for a new doctor soon!!!! She def has too much on her plate, and her patients are suffering for it! 	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	I have seen her twice, and is the only Dr. I will ever see again for my motion disorder. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	Dr. Muratore is the absolute best doctor I have had the privelage of getting to know.  We found out my daughter had a birth defect when I was pregnant.  We met with him, and he told us every possibility that could happen.  He is extremely kind, and genuine.     After my daughter was born, he did her surgery when she was 6 days old.  He was very compassionate, and caring.  He always spent enough time with us, and at times, was comforting.  I can not say enough about the Doctor who saved my daughters life. 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	she's great with my son. she does come off rough on the edges, but after awhile she &quot;good&quot;. She very smart and fights tooth and nails. She does need some sort of secretary or office support however.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	My 8 yr old loves Dr. Mailhot.  I think she is an awesome dr to have for adhd because she has it herself and relates really well with my son.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	-1	Dr. Mailhot has to be the most unprofessional doctor I've ever come across.  Discusses her problems/her family problems (to patients.  Is very insensitive to her patients issues as well as speaks down to them.  Unprepared for appointments.  Says one thing in an appointment and then denies at the next appointment. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
78	-1	My child and I were not happy with Dr Mailhot.  She talks more about herself and her stories.  She makes my child feel very uncomfortable, especially the way she looks over her glasses. She doesn't truly address the issues.  We aren't going back.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	-1	May improve after a few years.  Needs to work in group serting 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
78	0	Unprofessional.Not very tactful.Somewhat insensitive.  	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	1	Dr. Marcoux is overwhelmed with patients.  He is rushed, and now is unable to take quality care of his patients. Most times you will have to see the physicians assistant. He is also very slow now to do any type of testing. The insuarnce companies now offer incentives for less testing.  My advise is to stay away from this doctor. 	4	4	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	I love Dr. Marcoux.  He's thorough, knowledgable and knows how to get his point across.  He cares about his patients and spends time listening and respecting patient's wishes.  He's the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	Dr. Marcoux has been my PCP for 12 years.   He is the best! 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	1	Excellent Doctor, Always takes the time to listen. Very understanding and punctual with regular scheduled visits. however the staff could improve. Not very friendly.  		5	4	5 	Insurance:Medicare
79	1	Dr. Marcoux is an excellent, compassionate, and understanding family doctor. My husband and I have been going to him for over 10 years. He's absolutely one of the best doctors in the state of Rhode Island. He truly cares about his patients and no stones are left unturned when something is wrong and an answer needs to be found. He pulls out all the stops and gets to the bottom of any situation within an acceptable time frame. He also has a &quot;bedside&quot; manner that makes a patient feel totally at ease with him. He takes the time to explain things and answer the patients questions. There is no rushing to get to the next appointment. We find this to be an admirable trait as there are so many doctors who rush patients in and out of the office for the sake of time. Dr. Marcoux is of a rare breed of doctors that is seldom found in this day and age. I highly recommend him to anyone who needs a great family doctor. He is one who truly cares for the health and well being of his patients.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
80	1	He should be listed under Allergist specialty. He is very knowledgable about the immune system and food allergies. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	dr mirrer was extremely helpful in reparing my shoulder tears. hes a caring and compassionate dr..  would highly reccommend him as a orthopedic surgeon 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
81	1	. you get that warm comfortable safe  feeling your in the right place 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
81	1	Dr. Mirrer did both of my husbands shoulder surgeries and my ankle. His bedside manner is wonderful and he is very knowledgable giving us multiple options for treatment. Also  was really flexible because my husband is an commercial fisherman which is very difficult to schedule around overall i would recommend him 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	This surgeon was recommended by a friend who was impressed that he was given a non-surgical option that worked. Come to find out he was a leader in ACL repairs. He is confident without being cockey and took time to answer many questions we had about the surgical procedures and options.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
82	-1	She did not listen well and this makes her diagnosis incomplete and short-sighted. Very frustrating.  	5	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	SHE IS A VERY CARING PERSON.SHE TELLS IT LIKE IT IS. I . TRUST HER 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	Professional and kind, knows very well a narrow band-width, (no outside of the box stuff. 	5	4	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	Dr Meuller is so kind and thorough. She's very professional and straighforward.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
82	1	I have been with Dr. M. for years now and cannot tell you how much i appreciate not only her knowledge but her care, concern and incredible bedside manner. I have recommended her to many people.  I wish she was in gen med! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tufts
82	1	. She's terrific!  My colonoscopies were &quot;bearable&quot; and she is brilliant! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	Dr. Mueller is a great doctor. Her bedside manner is exceptional. She is very thorough. I would not hesitate to recommend her to my own children.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
82	1	She was referred to me by my doc. I prefer women health care professionals and she is the only woman (or maybe 1 of 2) in RI that are Gastroenterologists (a field dominated by men). She is very friendly, conscientious, and reassuring, which is imporant given the sort of &quot;intimate&quot; tests gastroenterologists often need to perform (e.g., endoscopy, colonoscopy). I would highly recommend her.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	EXCELLENT Doctor!  My 2 year old daughter LIKES going to see her!  She is very knowledgeable.  She has great bedside manner and never makes me feel dumb...  even with my crazy questions! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	-1	Most painful pelvic exam I have ever had.  Minimal intake.  Prescribed effexor for hot flashes when face to face trials at Mayo clinic stated it was not a good treatment for menopause, caused serious side effects and had withdrawal problems.  	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
84	1	She has been my doctor for many years, I recommended my family members to her and she's delivered my children and many of my families children. She is now my daughters doctor. She's very, very nice. You have to get to know her. One visit is not going to make her your best friend! She's very professional and has a great sense of humor too. I would recommend her to anyone who is looking for a good Ob/Gyn .  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	-1	. Insensitive, incompetent and uncaring 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
85	-1	.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	Dr Meer is very thorough and professsional. Takes the time to go over everything. Without a doubt the best doctor I have ever gone to.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	0	This doctor was very vague and judmental, he knew alot but didnt help at all with anything I needed or came for, he tried to see me again, over and over almost as a delay to keep income and appointments flowing.  The staff is extremely rude and makes you feel as you do in the DMV, a problem, not even including th loooonnnnggg wait 	1	1	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	-1	This was the worst DR I have ever been to in my entire life. He was a complete jerk extremly arrogant for absolutly no reason and very unhelpful. He made me feel like he was doing me a favor. Attending the doctor is in no way something I enjoy but something I have to do as I am getting older and I think it is the doctors job to make it a pleasant experience. Honey your nothing special so get over yourself. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
85	0	I had been seeing Dr. Meer for a few years.  I went to see him and had been helpful in the past. I happen to see him one day for more than one condition and was told that I needed to come back he could only see me for one condition. I felt that if I had more than one condition at some point again he may incorrectly diagnose me since he could only focus on one thing at each office visit.  I was told it was flu season and he needed to &quot;triage&quot; his patients. I feel that he is a competant Doctor but, he rather be running an office style emergency room to fit in as many patients as he can. Very disappointed.  	4	5	1	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
85	-1	Very average DR, he gets angry when you try to bring up a subject about your health he's not comfortable dealing with. He will actually talk louder and louder until you stop talking. Very arrogant person who reads into what you say and forms opinions about you even though they are not true. I do not reccomend this doctor at all. If you are sick or in pain stay away from this doctor.  		3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	0	Dr is a good guy who seems to care about his patients, he was able to figure out a couple of medical problems that I had even though my previous dr of twelve years couldn't do it. DR is easily offended and will not go out of his way to get you help especially if you're in a lot of pain. Dr is also afraid of stepping on other Dr's toes IE I needed him to call a specialist of mine to help me get that DR to help me more, this DR refused to interfere even though I was at whits end on what else to do. The PCP is supposed to be the patient advocate and hel the patient get any and all hel that thye need, this guy drops the ball severely in this area.  		4	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	-1	DONT GO HERE! WORST DENTIST IN RI , IF YOU HAVE HAD A PROBLEM AND HAVE HAD COSMETIC WORK FROM HIM THAT RESULTED IN LOOSING YOUR TEETH CONTACT A LAWYER! i AM A YOUNG WOMAN THAT HAD COSMETIC WORK DONE AND HAVE HAD LEAKING MARGINES FOR YEARS RESULTING IN ROOTCANAMLS, AND TOOTH LOOSE AND PINS TO HOLD TEETH IN MY HEAD BEFORE HAVING WORK DONT BY HIM, NON OF THE TEETH I HAD DONE HAD FILLING OR CAVITIES, NOW THEY ARE BREAKNING OFF AT THE GUMLINE BECAUSE OF HIS WORK! PLEASE SAVE YOUR SELF FROM A NIGHTMARE! 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	Very gentle dentist with a friendly staff. High tech offering compared to where I had been going. All of my questions were addressed &amp; the procedure was painless.  Excellent experience!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	-1	I was his patient for about six months.  During that time he misdiagnosed two things.  He also twice failed to work with specialists after he said he would.  Basically, he says he'll do something, but he doesn't, even when the patient is in a serious situation. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	Dr. McNiece is a wonderful intelligent compassionate doctor. He really cares about his patients. One of the best doctors in RI. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
