dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	She is great! The kids love seeing her. Patient and kind and very knowledgeable. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	. Wonderful Pediatrician! Listens, takes her time and someone who really understands the child bearing issues, since she is a Mom herself! 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	-1	Would not see my son who had sore throat.  Called at 2pm was told a call-back would be right away.. called back at 4:30pm.. The following excuses were used 1) patient hadn't been to the office in 2 years (not true... saw nurse after pressman was too busy), 2) the office policy is not to see sick patients (son had a sick visit in the last 5 mos), 3) couldn't get rapid throat culture... Horrible.. never going back... retire please..  	1	4	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
2	0	Poor bed side manner and getting worse. His focus seems to be seeing 20-30 patients a day, at the expense of patientand people skills. Very little patience. Arguementative when asked to complete the Physicians portion of paper work. Ignorant to the extent that he takes personal calls while in an exam room, seeing a patient. Would not call into question this doctors medical abilities however, his attitude towards the patient is, in this patients view, terrible.  	4	4	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	I couldn't have asked for more of a caring doctor and office staff.  They were all wonderful.  I had Dr. Polacek preform breast augmentation after years of considering the surgery.  I am so glad I trusted Dr. Polacek to do the work.  I couldn't be happier with the outcome, the treatment I received from her, her office staff and at the hospital.  I have recommended two friends to her already and I was sent from a friend.  I could not be happier with my results.  She took her time answered all my questions, as crazy as some of them were.  I just wish I would have done it sooner! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	I have had numerous scar revisions and cyst removals on my face by Dr. Polacek and she did an excellent job.  I made the mistake of going to another surgeon because I did not want to wait for Dr. Polacek to do it and I regret that day because the doctor that did surgery on me not only messed up my face but I got two staph infections and now I have to wait until Dr. Polacek can fix it for me.  I should have never trusted another doctor with my face.  Lets just say I have learned my lesson the hard way.  Dr. Polacek knows her stuff and she takes pride in her work and does what is best for the patient. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	I first heard of Dr. Polacek when her picture appeared on the cover of Rhode Island Monthly.  In the ensuing article, she was selected by her peers as one of Rhode Island's top doctors in plastic surgery.  This is why I selected her as my plastic surgeon for a breast reduction.  I was impressed with the professionalism of her office staff and with the consultatioin.  The consultation was highly informative and her philosophy was evident.  She listened to my concerns and goals for the end result.  I was educated as to the procedure and felt all my questions were answered.  My surgery and hospital stay were well orchestrated and a very positive experience ensued.  I love the end result and would definately recommend Dr. Polacek as a plastic surgeon.  I continue to use a variety of products and procedures offered at her office.  Selecting the right plastic surgeon if very important.  I wanted someone who listened, advised, and delivered a natural end result that would compliment my body.  I couldn't be happier.    JD 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	She performed a breast reduction on me.   I'm pleased with the results, although they are still too big.  Dr. Polacek is a good surgeon, but very expensive, and at times, difficult to deal with.  I don't think I would go to her again.  	5	5	4	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	0	Dr. Lori Polacek performed a breast reduction on me.  The results were so-so. I have a lot of scarring, and they are still too big.  She is an adequate doctor, but I don't think I would go to her again.  	5	2	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	I recently had a surgical procedure performed by DR. LORI POLACEK.  I found her to be very helpful and informative, and she has an excellent bed side manor.  She was very caring and knowledgable, I even trusted her enough to let her make the final decision about my anesthesia. Her staff has been extremely helpful, and she continues to show the same level of care and compassion throughout my follow-ups. *HIGHLY recomended* .. In reference to the negative review about Botox Injections: plastic surgery, no matter how invasive, still poses certain risks and side effects (which Dr. Polacek also explains to her patients). Therefore, she can not be held liable for side effects which are out of her control. Also, I wouldn't trust a review from a patient who can not spell their own physician's name. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	I went to  Polachek for Botox injections(. While injecting the Botox, Polachek RUSHED me to have Botox on the side of my eyes as well. Two days later I ended up in R I hospital;s ER with stroke like symptoms.(Drooping eye lid, blurred vision and weak aching muscles in my arms). I immediately called Polacek to ask if these symptoms could be  from the Botox injections. she said NO!!  After two days in the hospital and many tests, they found the cause of my symptoms to be directly related to the Botox injections. When I told Polacek about the test results, her response was to send me the name of the Botox company and a 'case number' so that I could deal with them directly (As if the problem had nothing to do with her!!). A few weeks later I was again back in the hospital with similar symptoms. As costs mounted for hospital bills and my stress and fear increased, Laurie Polachek, MD. took absolutely NO responsibility... Ladies, beware of this doctor. She lacks concern for her patients. 	 2/1/10	3	4	1	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	I first went to Dr Polacek for a breast lift and the results were fantastic.  The other day, I had rejuaderm and botox on my face and I look GREAT!  She spent a considerable amount of time with me expaining all options and never once rushed me.  This is the only person I would ever trust with my face. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr. Polacek had a great bedside manner.  She took the time to answer all questions and concerns.  Very caring and compassionate.  She made you feel very comfortable. My suregery results were everything I hoped for.  Her office staff was very friendly, helpful and reassuring.  I have recommended her to quiet a few people. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	I am currently 4 weeks post-op. I couldn't be happier with my results. Dr. Polacek really took the time to understand exactly what I wanted. In fact, I left the final decision of the implant size up to her. I trusted her final opinion based on the fact that she knew the exact shape and size I wanted to end up with. Dr. Polacek and her staff have been nothing but amazing since the first time I stepped foot in the office back two and a half months ago. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	She operated on my sister and WOW! She looks amazing.. If I did not have previous Medical condition I would go to her too..  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Dr. was informative,extremely professional and informative . She spent a significant amount of time for discussion pre-op.She did everything promised and more!! My abdomen looks perfect. Her office staff is pleasant and helpful. She also did an otoplasty for my daughter and her experience was just as positive. I highly recommend her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	Re; my operation,  She promised me certain types of gentle care, and specific details I had requested, (while talking in her office) but on the day of surgery, none of those details and promises were kept. Promised to not have the same anesthesia team I had been unhappy with at a prior operation, but on the day of the second surgery, that promised was not kept.  When I asked why, Dr. X was there, for my anesthesia, she replied &quot;What do you want me to do&#63;, He's the Head of the Dept.&quot;  (So, politics are more important than promises made to patients.) Also, refused to go back and complete some touch-ups she had stated she would do, again  promises broken. 	5	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	This doctor was the BEST doctor in the world... He was quick to see me. He was an expert and able to size up the symptoms and treat me and had a great bed side manor..  I would recommend him to anyone and everyone!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	-1	This doctor was extremely rude to the patient, not showing any knowledge about an infant. He doesn't consider an infant with a 103 degrees an emergency, making the infant wait 3 hours in total before seeing the doctor. This is the worse doctor I have seen in my lifetime. I will never go and see him again. In addition, the doctor saw my behavior as a mother inappropriate after asking him how long can an infant wait. This is extremely unprofessional, since doctors are there to serve, but as I see this doctor would rather see the baby faint before seeing her. For me as a mother this is totally unacceptable. Knowing the baby has high fever, the nurses didn't show the results to me, telling me much lower temperature than I have got at home.  Overall, he is rude and extremely unprofessional! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	The staff is very nice.  But forget about being on time.  Every time I have gone, I waited at least 1 hour.  One day I waited 2 hours and had to reschedule because they had no idea how long the doctor was going to be.  	4	1	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	-1	Dr. Penkala &amp; his front desk staff were horribly rude and dismissive both during &amp; after my appointment. Dr. Penkala berated me while I was on the table, IN THE STIRRUPS, chastising me during my very first appointment for what he thought was inappropriate behavior. Last I checked, I came to him for a pap smear, not to receive lessons on morality. His attitude led me to not return, however months later, I was left wondering what the results of my pap smear were, until I received a call from my PCP advising they had gotten a call from his office regarding my abnormal pap!! I picked up the phone and called, and his RUDE nurse told me she left 5 messages (ummmm nope!) for me, and that she recalled &quot;specifically telling&quot; me the results of my pap last month when I told her via phone that I had no interest in returning to their office. She then continued to argue with me for almost 5 minutes until I told her to give me the fax # so I could end the effing call. Good business practices, jerks.  	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	-1	Dr. Penkala is the worst dr EVER, he recently did my moms surgery and nearly killed her! I was a patient of dr molly and im sad to say I will never use there office ever again! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Dr. Penkala and the staff all compliment each other.They take their time to listen and I have always had my concerns addressed.I would recommend Blackstone Valley OB/gyn to all my friends and family.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	0	Would recommend Dr.Penkala if you like being ignored.  There were a few amazing people working there that help off-set Dr.Penkala's impersonal demeanor.  Preferred Molly over Dr.Penkala because she actually listened to my concerns and made me feel that she cared about me and my well-being.  	3	1	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Dr. Penkala diagnosed me with Uterine Cancer 10 years ago and saved my life.  I had gone to 3 previous doctors and everyone told me that the pains were in my head.  I was going through some bad family times and no one believed my symptoms.  Dr. Penkala did tests that no one would think of doing on this &quot;middle aged&quot; head case as I was called.   He delivered my first grandchild recently and I give him an A+.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	I think he is great!! I had a hystorectomy and he did a great job....very little pain after and recovered very quickly!! 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	I found doctor penkala to be very unhelpful and downright dangerous. I had gained about 50 lbs. of water during my pregnancy and penkala did not even think to check for preeclampsia. i ended up switching doctors at 27 weeks and delivering at 28 weeks with severe preeclampsia and water crushing my heart. all the fears i had mentioned to him during my time under his care were brushed aside. i felt very ignored... 	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Dr. Penkala is by far the most intelligent doctor I have seen and knows exactly what he is doing.  I have only experienced him being rude to ignorant people.  He has been quite pleasant with me through all my visits.  Robin, the head assistant, is AMAZING. Molly Fox, the PA, is fantastic as well. I feel at home in the office.  I would not go anywhere else, all my children will be &quot;Dr. Penkala babies&quot;  I highly recommend him to any woman...whether pregnant or with a problem.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	I started seeing Dr. Penkala after suffering from pain and abnormal periods for many years which my previous doctor had ignored. Dr. Penkala listened to me and was able to get my sypmtoms under control and find a diagnosis after 2-3 visits.  The office nurses were also very helpful and pleasant 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	-1	. I have gone to Blackstone Valley OB-GYN for 7 years, recently I had to have a biopsy, this was the first time I ever had Dr Penkala, and if I ever need to see the Dr again instead of the PA, I definitely change doctors! He's RUDE and I never heard of paying a co-pay for a procedure! PA Molly Fox is AWESOME!!!!! Also the girl at the front desk was beyond RUDE! 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	I had a hysterectomy and I never even took a pain killer or even an advil.      Very thorough 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	First of all, the midwife (Lynette Scolpino) was not very pleasant to me in the least... I found her to be rude and impatient with my simple questions. Second of all, Dr. Penkala diagnosed me with Endometriosis with VERY little information, based it solely on the pattern of my pelvic pains. So I left to get a second opinion... The second opinion found that I had a cyst that had been causing the pain, new doctor also was surprised that my previous doc (Penkala) had been so quick to diagnose me with Endo. Being diagnosed with Endo. was not a good feeling at all. Thankfully, I am very happy with my new doctor! 		4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Dr Penkala & his staff are phenomenal. You just cannot find an office like this anymore, solo practioner with a Midwife & P.A. His Midwife Lynnette Scolpino is the BEST - she was my primary caregiver during pregnancy & she delivered my daughter. I wanted to avoid induction as long as possible, both Lynnette & Dr Penkala abided by my request as long as possible. They carefully monitored me & my baby. You cannot beat the 2 of them; they make an amazing team...while Dr Penkala may come across as quick or rushed, Lynnette is laid back & calm as a cucumber. I cannot praise them both enough. And like I said, the entire staff is professional, courteous, & compassionate. You are a member of the family not a number.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Dr. Penkala is a very caring provider. He delivered my 2 children, 1 niece on a holiday that was not his to cover, and my two grandchildren. He is the best doctor that I have ever seen. I truly miss having him available to me now that I live in PA. I haven't yet been able to find a replacement. I've actually driven 10 hours to see him because I knew I could trust his judgment. Thanks for all the great care you've given to the family over the years.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
5	1	very smart, but rushed with no bedside manner. Midwife is very good.  Switched to a great doctor 		4	2	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
5	1	THE FIRST TIME I MET DR PENKALA, I WAS HAVING A MISCARRIAGE, DR PENKALA,MADE ME FEEL VERY COMFORTABLE, AND HELPED ME THROUGH A SAD TIME. AS WITH ANY PERSON, EVERYONE HAS GOOD AND BAD DAYS WE CAN'T POSSIBLY EXPECT HIM TO HAVE SOCIAL HOUR WITH EVERY PATIENT THAT COMES IN,YOU WOULD NEVER GET IN TO SEE HIM.  BESIDES WHEN YOU GO TO THE DOCTORS OFFICE YOUR THERE FOR TREATMENT NOT A DATE! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
5	-1	Dr. Penkala has become very rushed when dealing with me and lacks bed side manner to say the very least. I am changing to a new doctor very shortly and would not recommend him to anyone.  		2	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
5	1	I have seen Dr. Penkala for years, the last time I saw him he seemed rushed and like he was doing me a favor by seeing me.  		4	2	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
5	1	slowing down used to be on the ball, and a great pt. advocate.  		3	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Dr. Penkala is an excellent OB/GYN. He delivered my 1st baby over 15 years ago and I've kept him as an OB ever since. His office staff are very pleasant, professional, and caring.  		2	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
6	1	He is a kind doctor. He takes his time to explain things if you have any questions. 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Very good doctor. Is always punctual and is very straight forward and explains everything in detail. 		5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	. Outstanding, appropriate and conservative in his recommendations 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	-1	. Staff protective of physician - doesn't like questions - last appointment my parents went on when they asked questions he said he had already answered them and left the room - they sat there for 10 minutes and finally realized no one was coming back 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
8	1	Very knowledgable in cutting edge psychopharmacology. Somewhat dry, practical personality but obviously well versed in diagnosis and treatment of anxiety and depression.  	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
9	1	 	4	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	. Dismissive of my case and gave me a script for a med that conflicts with one of my current meds must determine now to what extent 	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	All the previous comments are spot on.  I have been going to Dr. Puerini Jr for about 3 years now, as my last dentist started to get sloppy.  To start off, its a really nice office without all the latex smells of a typical dentist office.  The first time I met Dr. Puerini, I thought he barely looked old enough to be out of dental school, but I shouldn't have worried.  All treatments with him have been pain free and about as pleasant as going to the dentist can be.  Everyone in the office from my hygenist, to the dental assistants to the women at the front window have always been polite and courteous.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
11	1	This guy walks on water. His knowledge and skill are incredible. He did 8 crowns for me.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
11	1	Dr Puerini Jr is the best dentist i ever had.... He knows what hes talking about hes very friendly explains treatments very well.... And if you ever have questions he will answer anything you want to kno. His office staff is of top notch people. If you care about your dental health like i do this is the practice for you.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
11	1	I have been going to them since I was little. The new office is beautiful! Never any pain. Great people.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
12	-1	I went to him for a tummy tuck and lipo. He told me i didn't need my muscled to be repositioned/tighten he lied!!! My stomach might look flat with clothes but is loose and I told him, I wasn't happy and he told me to find another surgeon because he doen't touch the muscles. I know now, it is becasue he operated in his own clinic and he avoided possible complications and anethesia time. I asked for him  to refund, so I could indeed find another surgeon and he said no!! I would not recomend him.... 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	I went to Dr. Perry about 10 years ago for a nose job.  He did an amazing job!!  I had two nose jobs previously but the cleft in my nose kept coming back.  I went to two other drs who were suppose to be the tope in RI and they hardly wanted to touch my nose.  Dr. Perry was very aggressive and did a fantastic job.  If he works on the stomach, i certainly want him to do that next. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Dr. Perry corrected my jawline which bothered me my whole life.  He did an amazing job, I would recommend him to my mom.  This field is very competitive and naysayers always put other surgeons down to build up their own business.  He's very talented. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	I don't understand why there are so many negative comments regarding this doctor. I went to him four years ago for breast implants and everything was perfect, service, cost, procedure, customer care. I would continue to see Dr. Perry if I needed another procedure and will always reccommend him to others. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	Total absolute hacker.  He absolutely misrepresented his abilities at one of his seminars.  Like others, I trusted him and, like others, I got burned.  His CO2 laser treatment (that he let me practise on a tomato with hardly any damage at his seminar) scared me for life! HE FRIED MY FACE SO BADLY That now, 20 years and many facials and corrective procedures later - the damage is still right here on my face!  I'm glad his license was suspended.  I was happy to file my own complaint with the nearly useless R.I. medical review board.   I hope he's out of business! 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	when i had my surgeries completed by curtis perry, i was never fully put under anethesia and therefore could feel most of the pain during liposuction of my abdomen and upper torso...i remember being handled in a rough manner, being pushed over by him and when i felt the pain and mumbled to him, he told me to stay still...i was then forced to get dressed immediately while still under sedation, and i was rushed out the back door.  his staff called me only once.  i was never satisfied with either his surgery procedures, the results were unsatisfying and there was a lack of professional follow up by either him or his staff.  I would never recommend this doctor to anyone looking for body improvements. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	Dr Perry did fat injections in my cheeks and forehead 10 years ago, and at that time it looked OK but with the aging process it made my face look out of balance and rather odd looking (a fat pod protruded out between my eyes).  I have spent $11,000 trying to &quot;Fix&quot; the problem (I had to get a brow-lift and have lipo done between my eyes and injections in my cheeks to fill in the hollowness just to try to look normal again).  In my research I have learned that fat should NEVER be injected into the forehead area, it's very innatural.  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND YOU DO NOT DO FAT INJECTIONS IN THE FOREHEAD OR GLABELLA AREA EVER!!!!  I have been paying for it ever since. 	5	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	I HAVE BEEN A PATIENT OF DR. PERRY FOR 7 YEARS. NOT ONLY IS HE HIGHLY QUALIFIED,AND INDEED BOARD CERTIFIED,I HAVE RECOMMENDED HIM TO FRIENDS . THEY WERE QUITE HAPPY WITH HIS WORK. I TAKE EXCEPTION WITH THE PROVIDENCE JOURNAL. THEY TOOK A VERY GIFTED SURGEON AND TRIED TO RUIN HIS BUSINESS. THEY DECEIVED PEOPLE INTO BELIEVING HE WAS INCOMPETENT BY SAYING HE WAS JUST AN ENT. ALL THE BEST COSMETIC SURGEONS ARE ENT'S. RESEARCH THIS FOR YOURSELF. AS FOR ME, I WOULD TRUST MY OWN CHILDREN IN DR. PERRY'S VERY QUALIFIED HANDS. HE IS THE MOST CARING AND HONEST DR. OUT THERE. A PLASTIC SURGEON WITH ABSOLUTELY NO COMPLAINTS DOES NOT EXIST AS LONG AS THERE ARE PATIENTS WITH UNREALISTIC EXPECTATIONS. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Dr. Perry performed my breast augmentation and did a wonderful job. When a common problem (capsular contracture) occurred he took all the neccessary steps to correct it. He spent alot of time with me and his office staff is exceptional. All patients are treated as individuals not just another case. I think what happened with the office may have been blown out of proportion. I would reccommend his services to anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	My face lift is horrible, do not recommend him. He deceived so many people claiming he was a plastic surgeon. Don't know how the board of health let him get away with this for so long plus liposuction and breast augmentations when he is an ENT. ABC6 should be responsible also advertising him on Extreme Makeovers. 	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	He did a very poor job ona face lift my friend had.  she looked worse afterward.  He overcharged her 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	Dr Perry did my lipo Tummy tuck  and breast Augmenation. He did a beautiful job. The only thing that I disagree witht him is  for my tummy tuck, I wanted the muscles tightened he did want me  to that procedure.  I listened to him and now tummy is flat but like jelly. I think he was against it beacuse he had no hospital privleges in case something went wrong . I did not know the staff was not liscened. I blame RI dept of health beacause this man was advertising everywhere. He was on tv. Did extreme makeover. He did interviews on tv about plastic surgery and none one knew he did not have proper liscening. well all in all he did a great job  and staff was wonderful. 	5	5	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	The Providence Journal reports athttp://www.beloblog.com/ProJo_Blogs/newsblog/#133457that the state has closed his Artistic Surgical Center because of violations, including unlicensed people administering anesthetics and the doctor not having surgical or hospital privileges at any local hospital. He is apparently a certified ENT doctor, it is not clear if he is a certified plastic surgeon. He reportedly has no emergency coverage for his patients when he is unavailable. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	Dr. Perry is not my usual MD, but when I was at risk for miscarrying early in my first pregnancy, my midwife scheduled me an appointment with her as an emergency. Despite my coming to the appointment with SEVERAL questions and concerns, Dr. Perry dismissed all of them. She gave me no answers, and was detached during the appointment. She did not have any empathy for my situation whatsoever. She was cold, and unfriendly. I was devastated as it was that I may potentially be miscarrying (and in fact, did later that day), and she was cold during the appointment. She did not give me any follow up appointments, any recommendations for if the pain got worse, and did not follow up with me later that week. I called 2 weeks after the apt, to see what I needed to do and when my husband and I could start trying again, and she was cold then too. I am considering leaving the practice that I LOVE at the risk that Dr. Perry would deliver my children in the future.  	5	3	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	Took the time to explain all options to me. Very knowledgeable and kind.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Tufts
13	-1	Dr. Perry is a witch. She was my first OB. At my first appointment she almost seemed disgusted to see me there, I was 19! And she wouldn't listen to a single word I had to say. She made me feel stupid for asking questions and never got back to me with any test results. I had to call for them three times. And whatever you do, don't let her get near you with a speculum. I was sore for two days after she examined me. A complete witch with NO bedside manner.  	3	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	-1	She was very abrupt and did not take time to listen to me and my questions.  I felt like she talked down to me and really did not care about my concerns.  She sent me for a bunch of tests and then had her medical assistant followup with me regarding the results which happen to be cause for concern.  	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	-1	 	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Wonderful and helpful! Dr. Pepin also has a great sense of humor which helps ease the stress.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:BC Med
15	1	Dr. Perlman rushed into my appointment, examined me quickly, said some medical jargon, and walked out - a total of probably 5 minutes. After he left the nurse had to explain to me what the diagnosis meant, and what I was supposed to do next. All in all, terrible bedside manner. 	5	2	2	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	. shows care and concern at all times this office will see you 24/7 i have had emergency appts on saturdays and sundays and the dr would meet me at his office --excellent care!  there is no better!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
15	1	I had custom wavefront Lasix on very myopic eyes (contact rx was -8.0 in both eyes). I was very nervous and he was gentle, reassuring, and precise. It took longer for my eyes to heal given their extreme myopia, but I was up to 20/20 after 4 months. I am thrilled :) He also got good recommendations from ophthalmologists friends I have.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
15	1	Great doctor very knowledgeable.   He has a great staff which is very helpful with your concerns 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
15	1	I went to Dr. Perlman for wave front custom LASIK surgery two weeks ago and now have 20/20 vision.  I experienced no complications and the surgery was quick and easy.  Though Dr. Perlman may be on the brisk side, he is thurough and informative.  He has a reputation for being very precise...exactly what I want in a doctor. 	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Elliot Perlman saved my husbands eye - He is exceptional.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
15	-1	Dr. Perlman is always in hurry. He does not listen to his patients. 		2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	My husband and I have been seeing Dr. Pouliot for years.  We both enjoy our visits with her.  She takes her time with us, listens to our concerns, discovered my husbands 4 blocked arteries and his cancer through her thorough testing.  She has called us with test results at 9:30 at night.  I don't feel comfortable leaving messages for her, as I don't think the staff there is very efficient.  She often tells me she never received my messages.  	2	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Dr Pouliot listens well and spends quality time with me. Her care and recommendations are thoughtful and accurate. Most of the front desk staff are nice and helpful, but not all.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	I liked her a lot and trusted her, but she is part of a very large practice where the staff is both extremely inefficient and rude. I don't know how she can stand it herself. After they misplaced some of my original paper records, I gave up on her and moved to a better managed practice. A shame though, because she was an excellent doctor.  	1	2	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
16	-1	She put me out on a medical LOA and did not complete my medical paperwork in a timely manner and as a result my ins. co. denied my claim as an unpaid LOA. I lost 3600.00 in wages. Her office dodged my repeated attempts to her contact me. I am sick over this.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
16	1	Knowledgeable, not rushed, very perceptive to patient needs.  Never makes you think she wished  you would hurry or not &quot;complain&quot;. Top doc for her great referrals. I HAVE BEEN HAPPY WITH THEM ALL.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	1	Very nice and caring. Very knowledgeable and during any examinations or procedures, makes you feel comfortable.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	1	A fabulous Dr., kind, personable, and caring. Not to mentioned well trained and very knowledgable.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
17	1	Dr Pagidas is an excellent doctor. She was caring and wonderful when I was her patient ( she moved). She has so many specialties that her qualifications read like alphabet soup, yet she is so good at explaining things so that a person could easily understand. Excellent bedside manners, although that may not be the first impression. I wish I still had her! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Very knowledgeable and personable and great service.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
19	1	he is the best ever. his attention is totally on the patient and making you comforable and relaxed. his staff is also excellent. their attitudes are so warm and friendly, i do not mind having to see him for tests or followup...that entire group is greAt, but he is theee best... i reccomend him to all my friend and family 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
19	1	 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
20	-1	HE NEVER TOOK HIS TIME WITH ME. HANDLED MY COLONOSCOPY AS IF IT WAS JUST ANOTHER PAYCHECK. TURNS OUT AFTER SEEING ANOTHER DOCTOR THERE WAS SOMETHING. 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Possibly the best doctor I've ever met.  He's genuinely concerned for his patients, remembers people's names and even personal details if you see him in passing.  Wonderful, skillful and has a fantastic knowledge base.  I can't say enough good things about this doctor.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
21	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Dr Pepitone was the best pediatrician and will be missed greatly since she retired in 2008.  She made a world of difference in my son's life.  He is on the autism spectrum & thanks to Dr Pepitone we found this out at the age of two and today will all the treatment he has received over the years at age 10 he is doing VERY WELL!! We owe this Thank you to Dr Pepitone for catching on at such a young age to his disability.  We will miss her! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Very pleasant and caring. He correctly referred me to an orthopedic surgeon when he decided that he could not help me himself.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
24	-1	Would not recommend him to anyone. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	. doesn't fill cavities 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
26	1	I have been going to Dr. Pharmakidis for a numbers of years. When you get to see him, he is very thorough and considerate. However, I have waited multiple hours to see him after my appointment time. Further, I have had multiple appointments rescheduled. Lastly, I have called Dr. Pharmakidis and not received a call back.  His office is very chaotic.  	5	1	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
26	1	Dr Pharmakidis has been our family doctor for years.  I won't see anyone else, he is patient and knowledgeable and gives you his FULL attention and listens to you.  The only downside is that because he is soooo thorough and attentative, theres usually a very long wait, as he gives 100% to all of his patients.  He also speaks several languages.  	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
27	0	She is decent doctor, Not at all one of the best.  She is not warm and caring.  I am not even sure if she likes children.  I do believe she is an intellegent doctor, but she is not proactive and does not like running test or prescribing scripts.  Also her staff is the worst in the business! They are always rude and make you feel very uncomfortable.  	1	3	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	Dr.  Pohl is a consumate professional, highly skilled, compassionate, excellent practice 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	Dr. Pohl is skilled in his field and is very respectful with his clients. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	I do not recommend Dr. Peter Pizzarello. He has an incredibly poor bedside manner. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	. will not be going bac after waiting over and hour on my first visit for a 5 min visit, dr never apologized for being late and seemed uninterested in me 	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
31	1	He is a Great Doctor and now that he has had his own baby he is even better....... knowledge from experience I Love that!!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	Awesome Dr. ! He really does take the time and doesn't rush you at all!! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
31	1	He is excellent with my kids! Always takes time to answer all of my questions and never rushes us out the door.  I don't mind waiting because I know he will give all his attention to my kids when they are in with him! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	Very compassionate man...easy to contact.He takes over where other doctors leave off...inner health. It does cost,but its worth it. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	have been his patient for over 10 years. Always there, or can be reached during emergencies.  Has a sincere interest in his patients.  Also worth noting is his pleasant and helpful office staff.  I have nothing but positive to share about this doctor. I would recommend him to anyone who is interested in getting help. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Have seen many therapists.  He helps you solve problems rather than dragging them out.  Smart and effective. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Best there is! He is very down to earth and really cares about people. I don't know what I would do without him. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Wonderful. Kind, compassionate, empowering. Not patronizing. I have had this psychiatrist for eleven years. He has helped me improve my life dramatically. The no insurance thing is a minor inconvenience; I just submit the claims myself. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	I definitely wouldnt recommend him. He doesnt explain things clearly and theres just something about the dr that we didnt trust at all. Not recommended. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	Definitely not recommended. I've had serious problems that I didnt have before after being a patient at RI Hospital where he was the treating physician. Definitely would not go there.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Oxford
33	-1	We didnt like his sneaky, dirty-looking appearance for one thing. He's definitely not the type of doctor to entrust your healthcare to. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	I wouldnt trust Dr Puthawalas opinions about radiation treatments. They can do alot of permanent damage to patients, that some people dont know about. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	The radiation treatments are really harmful and Dr Puthawala does not clearly communicate that to his patients before treatment. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	I do not recommend Dr. Peter Pizzarello. He has an incredibly poor bedside manner. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	We love you DR. Parm!!!!! Nancy too!!! Always very helpful and kind. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Very caring and helpful.  Gave great advice and knowledgeable 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
37	1	Top notch pediatrician with a great staff supporting her.  Very friendly, approachable and always willing to listen to your concerns without making you feel bad or stupid for asking.  Originally went to her because we lived in North Kingstown and have kept her since moving further north in RI..well worth the 1/2 hour ride for the service my son &amp; my family receive.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
37	1	Dr. Powers listens and makes my kids feel comfortable.  My older girls feel comfortable talking to her about any issue. She is down to earth, and vibrant.  The kind of person I wish all MD's were.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
37	1	She is the best doctor that I have ever had.  Last I checked, she does not take on new patients because she has so many since she is so highly rated.  Give it a try though - she is worth the wait! :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Dr. Powers is perhaps the best doctor that our children have ever had.  She takes her time to figure out what is wrong with our children and then takes her time to explain it to us. She is always available and is wonderful with the kids. We all love her. She is truly compassionate and a joy to be around.  Best of all, she really knows what she is talking about, and if she doesn't, she researches it.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
37	1	Dr. Powers is the most caring and kind doctor that I have ever known. She relates to me as mom and she is extremely knowledgeable as a physician. She is always on time and returns calls promptly. She has even taken time out of her weekend to meet us down at the office when my son was sick rather than sending us to the walk-in clinic. She always makes you feel like you are her only patient.  I couldn't ask for a better doctor to watch out for my son! And he loves her, too! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	Dr. powers is thoughtful and warm, she is extremely knowledgeble and will be a real advocate for your child. She seems to have a real rapport with my child, and we feel she is totally focused on us in her office, and answers all our questions fully, returns calls promptly and in general is just a super doc! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Extraordinary psychiatrist and world expert on Body Dysmorphic Disorder. I wouldn't be alive today if it wasn't for her. She cares about her patients' and is probably the smartest person i know. She's the focal reason I am going back to school to pursue a similar career. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	0	Dr. Stephen Petteruti's Bio.http://www.petterutibariatrics.com/blog/bid/48380/Dr... 				 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Dr. Petteruti is a very well rounded doctor. He is caring and compassionate while addressing all your healthcare needs. He takes his time (which is why there is often a wait) but when you get in the room with him there is no rushing. He will take the time to talk with you. My whole family has been going to him for over 15 years. He is truly our family doctor.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	My husband and myself have been with Dr Petterutti for 6 years now,he is the most unique doctor,and i have had to have plenty in my life,he actually cares about EVERY aspect of yur well being and is efficient and does not cut corners or rush you,there have been a few times when I did have to wait a bit longer then I would have liked to,,but that is one of the many reasons I love him,when its your turn you alize why you have waited,because he is thourough and non rushing to any problem yu may have,,we will be with him as long as possible,my daughter just got her insurance back and cannot wait to see him again,and beleive me that means alot,we appeciate you so much Dr P. The Nearys 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	amazing doctor.  was able to correctly address my problems.  his knowledge goes beyond just medicine, he really understands how things connect. very wholistic and caring.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	0	does not keep hospital visits with his patients after he admits the patients donot know why kent hospital keeps him on staff 	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Dr. Petteruti is a very thorough and caring doctor. The wait time can be an issue in the office, but that is because he does not rush his time with his patients. I would like to see him be more natural/holistic and less pharmaceutical. But it isn't enough to make me go elsewhere. I would recomment him as a family practitioner.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	Excellent clinician with a great bedside manner. A gentleman who in nonjudgemental and interested in his patients needs. Holistic approach. Staff is helpful, polite and non- harried. Something no longer seen in the healthcare realm. Most other offices are rushed and too busy to be caring. I would highly recommend his office to anyone looking for a famiy practice. Did I mention thorough in his assessment of your problem&#63; He will follow through on your care.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	Dr. Petteruti is a really down to earth guy who you can  talk to and not feel judged. He has been very good to me and I would recommend him to anyone looking for a family practioner.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	Great doctor, could work a little on his punctuality but that's what makes him so unique and special he takes the time to get to know you inside and out. Very fortunate to have him .  	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
39	1	A most wonderful physician. Extremely knowledgeable, patient, answers all questions, and has a wonderful personality.  He genuinely cares about his patients - A rare find! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
40	1	Dr Hilton is AWESOME&gt; he has stuck by me through the best and worst of my disorder. I am grateful to have such a knowlegable Doctor.  Thanks DOC! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
40	1	Dr. Parmentier is genuine, caring and kind. He is also very thorough. I know he wants what is best for me and he listens well. Everytime I've called him, he returned my calls. I'm glad I found a good Doc close to my home.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	he is great at his job and knows his material.  he has been my doctor for about 2-3 years know and i know that he does a good job in explaining to you what is really going on with you and he has the cutest little dog named nick 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	-1	This man has serious psychological problems himself. Those of you who said he only cares about money are correct.  He also treats women in a ****, controlling manner.  I would definitely not recommend anyone I cared about going to see him. 	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	Dr. Parmentier is a good doctor. I like a doctor who I feel comfortable talking to, and who I don't feel like withholds what he is thinking or his opinions, and doesn't talk down to me. He is smart and kind.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	Dr. P. is excellent. I have had the misfortune of going to another South County psychiatrist who was atrocious so I'm so lucky to have switched to Dr. P.  Thanks to him I have gotten appropriate help and appropriate follow up care.  One year later I am now off all meds. and just seeing him as follow up. He still continues to be caring and compassionate and pushing me to the next level of being a healthy person.  I never feel rushed and his staff is friendly and caring as well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	-1	He's a jerk, I would never go to him again. Hard to get a hold of AT ALL TIMES, rude, disrespectful, unhelpful, and doesn't listen.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	Dr. Parmentier  has helped me out soo much. He is willing to listen to me and will try anything that is helpful. He is always avaible during a crises.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
40	-1	I was rushed through my initial consultation with very few probing questions from the doc and was handed 2 scripts.  when I came back for refills or for a change in meds I was rushed in and out in 2-3 minutes that left me with my head spinning. It appears to me that it all about the collection of the most money and NOT about being dedicated to providing the best care possible...Alas, he is a big disappointment...and potentially a very dangerous one...  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	Great Doctor Pleasent and Easy to talk to. I have feel very happy with direction of the treatment I have reseved up to this point and have had made great progress under his care. His office personel are wounderful and always do what they can to help.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	I love that one can leave a confidential voice mail for Dr. Parm. He has always gotten back to me in a very timely fashion. The office staff are all amongst the friendliest and helpful as I have experienced in any doctor's office! I am never worried about calling to change an appt or ask to be on a cancellation list.  Highly recommended practice! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	I think Dr. Parmentier is wonderful! I have been going to him for almost a year now, and I am very satisfied. His secretaries are kind, accomodating and upbeat, and he as a doctor, is spectacular. He takes his time when you are in his office, and he really gets down to the bottom of the problem. He has referred me to a therapist that I love, and he doesn't force medications upon me. If I want to take a medication, and he thinks it's appropriate, he'll prescribe it. If I don't want to take something that he has prescribed, he does not push it on me. He's intelligent, knowledgeable and has great bedside manner. I'm thrilled with him, and I would encourage more people to give him a try.  A++++ across the board!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	I found Dr. Parmentier's approached to be helpful and productue.  His insightful and ability to listen and return with meaningful feedback was immensely felt. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	Not impressed. We have a shortage of pschiatrists in south county so i decided to try Dr. Parmentier..Don't get me wrong he's a nice guy but we spent only fifteen minutes talking and he wrote me a prescription.. I had a bad reaction and called the next day crying and the receptionist was rude and not helpful. I went back and he told me to try another prescription which also didn't sit well. I wasn't impressed.. And I feel like he gives prescriptions out without fully evaluating the patient. I will not be going back. I hope in the near future south county gets an experienced Psychiatrist..  		3	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
40	-1	This doctor is the only psychiatrist in South County. I recommend going to another area of the state. He rolled his eyes several times during our one conversation.  I was very disappointed and actually felt worse after seeing him! 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	-1	I HAD TO SEE THIS DR AS PART OF GETTING MY DISABILITE. HE WORKS WITH A LAWYER. HE SAW ME FOR LESS THAN 1 HOUR, HE WAS TO SEE ME FOR 1 HR. HE WAS TOO QUICK, I WAS NOT SATISFIED. HE DID NOT ASK MANY QUESTIONS i DID NOT WANT TO PAY HIM FOR THE FEW MINUTES HE GAVE ME 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	Doc Parmentier is fantastic. He always responds promptly, is very knowledgable and puts his patients at ease. Just visiting with him always makes me feel better. I highly reccommend him.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	-1	I HAD to see this doctor for meds when I was in the hospital, due to a lack of psychiatrists in South County. It took him 3 days to come see me after he was called. He tried to get me to switch therapists, even though I have been successful with mine. He also told me my problems were due to family issues because no one was there visiting me. I would recommend going to another town for a psychiatrist. I was very unhappy with this man.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	Dr. Parmentier is literally the best there is. Another rating complained about him not accepting insurance. Do you realize what insurance companies actually pay doctors&#63; They don't pay the doc what he charges, but something like 10% of it! The guy's gotta eat too! Quit complaining and submit your receits to your insurance company...guess what&#63; They will reimburse you, ....an amount that far exceeds what they would have paid Dr. Parmentier! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	I am a 34 year old professional who has had experience with Psychiatrists since age 10 due to an ongoing family tradgedy. I foind Dr. Parmentier to be by far one of the best doctors I have ever visited based on the above criteria.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
40	-1	He is the only psychiatrist at South County Hospital RI. He can pick and choose and he does. HE DOES NOT TAKE ANY INSURANCE. He caters to the RICH. For some reason there is a shortage of psychiatrists in this southern RI and eastern CT area. He seems like a nice enough guy on the telephone but right up front he tells you he doesn't take insurance, so what does that tell you&#63; He wants the most money and least hassle.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:HealthPartners
41	1	. Great Doctor very professional and empathetic 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	Very caring endodontists and staff who are extremely knowledgable and take the time to explain and answer my questions. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	A GREAT PHYSICIAN. HE WAS VERY THOROUGH AND MY ENTIRE FAMILY GOES TO HIM..  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	A perfect gentleman wrapped in a caring demeanor and precise mind.  Thoroughly explains his procedures and answers your questions concerning eye problems without rushing you or belittling your concerns.  No eye rolling with this one!  The wait is a little long but he's worth it.  	3	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	Great doctor .He's very professional and knows his stuff.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	Wonderful manner - knowledgeable and explains procedures in clear and concise language.  Very busy office so wait time is a little lengthy but it's worth it. 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	This dentist saw other patients WHILE working on me! His work on me also had to be corrected by another dentist. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	I was terrified of dentists but this guy is great.He takes the time to explain everything and answered all my questions.No pain! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	Dont go to that doctor. I know of some patients who died within a year of treatment after being a patient there at RI Hosp radiation with Dr.Puthwala as the treating physician. Hes not a good doctor at all, he also works in the animal research laboratory there and with human patients. Hes disgusting. He makes jokes about putting foreign objects in the patients, he gets med. tools stuck in the patients, etc.  Very unprofessional. He gives RI Hosp a bad reputation. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	Definitely not the doctor to go to. Ive had serious problems after being a patient there at RI Hospital where he was the treating physician.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Oxford
45	-1	Definitely not a doctor that I would take any advice from.  Always get another opinion before accepting any treatments from RI Hospitals radiation dept., they're very dirty sloppy  workers there. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	My breast reduction procedure was flawless..no drains, no infection, and perfect symmetrical results.  While in pre-op, the staff couldn't stop raving about her work; fast, with perfect small stitches.  Her staff is just as proficient and kind.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	Excellent, caring surgeon.  She took time to answer all questions.  	 2/11/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	Dr. Pakula is very knowledgeable and has a wonderful bedside manner. She makes the child feel comfortable and is respectful of my concerns and feelings as a parent.  We work together despite any differences of opinion.  She goes above and beyond to make sure her patients are well cared for. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	Both my children had her for years.  She is the best.  I want my grandchildren to go to her.  Truly a loving doctor who cares about children and concerns of the parents. An individual who makes a difference in people's lives.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tufts
47	1	Wonderful doctor with a lot of knowledge; my babies love her. She is very nice and dedicated.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	1	Excellent Doctor! wonderful bedside manner, expansive knowledge base, very dedicated to her patients. As a physician myself, I'm well aware of what a great pediatrician my kids have! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	She is very sweet, patient and helpful, and she always makes her patients feel comfortable.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
47	1	Dr. Pekula is great with all of my children. She often telephones from home just to check on them.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
48	-1	Dr. Morton L Perel  Dr. 02906 (401) 861-1343  had recommended that I replace an old amalgam filling because it was getting old and replace it with a gold filling. They only recommend I only use a gold filling (cost $1,985)  The gold filling that was put in by Dr. Morton L Perel  was very poorly done; it had a serrated ridge that irritated my tongue. The gold filling irritated my tongue to the point I had problems speaking.   I had to have the gold filling completely removed from my molar; I choose to use another dentist for this.  I asked in writing three times for my $1,985 back, Dr. Morton L Perel and refused to return my money. I asked for this money back because I have had to spend so far an additional $2,000 on this tooth.  I had work done on another molar with a different dentist Six months later. I had an old filling replaced with white filling it costs me $290 and I had no complications. What a big difference in costs and results. 	5	5	3	1 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	The overall service is goo, Dr. Polanco is an incredible Dr. However, it is very difficult to get through the phone lines to make an appt or speak to a live person, this would be what they should work on. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	. very polite and respectful 	3	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	-1	Have been to better.  	2	5	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	You might wait a long time to see Dr  Palumbo but you will not be rushed.  He will give you all the time you need. Very patient, explaned the surgery and told me exactly what to expect.  Surgery was a success and in follow up visits Dr Palumbo showed the same patience and kindness.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	very nice and takes his time with you and listens too you 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	 	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	Dr. Powers is one of the BEST OB/Gyn's I have ever had. As a new patient, she came in before the exam and introduced herself and asked if I had any questions. Extremely efficient and friendly. Staff was good, nice office and great parking.  Very pleased with my new doctor! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
53	1	Dr. Powers helped me extremely before and during my pregnancy. She made me feel so comfortable on even the most uncomfortable situations... She is so understanding and caring for her patients . And I really appreciate her and her service.... Thank you so much for being so kind, gentle and lovely...  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	Dr Powers is wonderful and caring, she helped me through my pregnancy.  I had gestational diabetes and had to inject insulin daily, she would call me everyday including weekends just to make sure I was ok.  I would recommend her to anyone.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
53	1	I rated the staff and punctuality low for the reason I believe that the office needs better organazation skills if this happens I would rate this office at the best of RI and the name fits CARING for women. On the Dr. Marylin Powers note , I have met many of doctors in my lifetime but she is the first that made me feel that she cared right off the back and treated me as an old friend vs a NEW patient.  	2	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
53	1	Dr. Powers is extremely personable, knowledgeable, and professional. She always makes sure that you feel comfortable and that all of your questions are answered. She always made me feel comfortable during my annual visits, but she was even more of support during my pregnancy and difficult delivery/recovery.  I would not have made it through such a difficult time without her! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	Dr. Powers is professional & knowledgeable. She take the time to listen to her patients. She is understanding & caring. I would highly recommend Dr. Powers to anyne in need of an OBY/GYN.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	0	At my 2nd visit I waited OVER AND HR to see her. When I was finally called in all Dr. Pedvis-Leftick said, &quot;What can I say, it's been busy&quot; and no apology. People schedule appointments for a reason and it's not as if they have drop-in clients who take up other people's slots. Anyway, she met with me all of 3 minutes about my acne. When I told her the prescription she prescribed to me was too expensive she told me to try the coupon she gave me again and wrote me another prescription for the same med instead of prescribing me something I could afford. She didn't even read the back of the coupon. If she had she would've known my medication was still going to be over $50 with my insurance. She gave me free samples of the med but said, &quot;I can't keep doing this or we'll have none left.&quot; Then prescribe me something I can afford! It was just awful. Hour wait for 3 minute consult with nothing done and literally rushed out the door. Waste of $25. Will find another doc.  	4	1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	Really nice guy.  Smart, dedicated, helpful.  RateMD demands 50 characters so here is some padding.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
55	1	I love Dr. Pella...you will never wait in line. Pick Dr. Pella if you need a lung md.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	DR Pella is very professional. He helped me when I was at my worst. He's very knowledgeable in his field and he give's you straight answers.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
55	1	Dr. Pella is extremely professional and knowledgeable. Where other doctors left me helpless with pulmonary problems, Dr. Pella jumped in and has me on the road to recovery.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
56	1	Dr. Picard Cured me of my allergies.  I highly recommend her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Five of our family members went to her for 2 years so far.  She has healed everything from strep throat, UTI's, ear infections, food allergies, and many other things without using any antibiotics!  She helped our daughter, who was speech delayed and only had bowel movements every three days, to get completely better, and up to where she should be academically.  I can't say enough about how knowledgable she is, and I have recommended friends there, who also have been amazed with her knowledge and ability to naturally heal all kinds of problems.  She helps with your diet, which is the basis for a lot of the problems we have today. I will continue to go to her for the rest of my life.  The only down side is that our insurance does not cover anything she does, as she is not able to give the medical codes that insurance requires. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	Great personality. Very comprehensive exam and takes the time to discuss diagnosis and treatment. Facility in Providence is brand new and very clean.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	Dr. Pezza significantly reduced the symptoms of my chronic migraine condition. He is extremely professional and informative.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
58	1	Dr. Pratt treats our entire family and is the best Dentist that I have gone to.  Explains everything and refers us when needed.   I would go no where else 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
58	1	Very knowledgable, top-notch dentist who treats my entire family.  She will refer you to specialists if needed and always follows up. I recommend her highly. Office is well organized and staff are professional and helpful. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Switched to Dr. Pratt with my whole family. Friendly with kids and sensitive to my pain issues. 	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	I absolutely love Dr. Pratt and all of her staff.  She is always so personable and attentive.  She is always spends adequate time with me and answers all of my questions in a way I understand.  I came from another dentist who would barely make an appearance at my visits.  Dr. Pratt is a breath of fresh air and anybody would be lucky to have her as a doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
58	-1	Her work was sloppy, to say the least. I wouldn't be a repeat customer there. No thanks.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
59	1	. I brought my child to see him amd was amazed at how nice he was with children! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	-1	LONG wait time! My appointment was at 8:30, he arrived into the office at 9:35. I overheard his staff talking amongst themselves why he was late...  saying he was at the gym! Never again will I ever go to him! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	I had been to so called &quot;expert&quot; orthopedic surgeons, and I even went up to Boston.  No one could diagnose me.  Dr Brian not only diagnosed me, but operated on me.   it has been 6 months and I ran my first 5K last month without pain!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	. Great Dr, very smart and empathtic, goes above and beyond to treat his patients 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	I found Dr. Pontarelli to be very knowledgeable.  I never felt rushed and he took the time to answer all my questions.  He is a very nice man.  Also, the office staff were very kind and helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	-1	I had a bone chip removed above the base of my second toe in July, 2006. Eight months later it is still painful to put weight in a normal walking manner on the ball of my foot. I had a new xray taken of the fool in March, 2007 and one could see an oblong shape white image located next to the toe area he operated on. He said,&quot;there is something there- probably caused by an old injury&quot;. Is this another bone chip below where he previously operated&#63; I asked if I needed a full support for the metatarsal arch and he thought it would be useful. I am concerned about the oblong shaped white image I saw and he described as &quot;something&quot; and if it is the true cause of my pain and inability to walk a normal step. Am considering getting a second opinion.  Will I need surgery again and did an additional bone chip develop as the result of the surgery or was it masked by the previous bone chip&#63; 		3	1	2 	Insurance:HealthPartners
60	1	He is truly a great doc and a great person.  He saved my life when I had 6 bloods clots in my bowels.  I look forward to seeing him.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
60	1	Very down to earth.  Spent all needed time explaining things to me.  Very respectful of other staff.  Very up to date in terms of studies that have been done...i.e. &quot;The traditional view is such and such, but many studies over the last three years show otherwise. &quot;  Bottom line - I think he is great! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unicare
61	1	Dr. Picket is quite simply a wonderful doctor. He's concerned, knowledgeable, keeps in contact with his patients, and has a wonderful bedside manner.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	WONDERFUL --- Both of the Dr.Peltons are fabulous, would recommend family and friends. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
