dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
2	1	commentsDr. Campbell is a good doctor, but  I didn't like two things about her:  her staff is UNBELIEVABLY rude, and the Dr. herself tried to push me to take phentermine in order to lose weight (I'm about 15 lbs overweight).  I don't like the idea of taking speed as a weigh loss aide, but apparently she does.  She is a nice person, but should dress a bit more professionally...I felt like I was talking to a high school kid rather than a medical professional. 	1	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	 I voted punctual bad because I was placed on hold for over 4 minutes. I called this doctor because I was diagnosed (diagnosed 1 visit) w/ Auto-Immune Throid in 2007 by a Boston MD. NO action taken because my Thyroid was functioning. I moved to RI &amp; have had no follow up since, but felt I was having a problem (losing hair, dry skin, full feeling and bump in my throat in thyroid area, eyes dry and protruding). I called this doctor &amp; was told she would REFUSE to see me, simply because I had seen another doctor FIVE years ago...I tried to explain that it was just 1 visit to be diagnosed but they/she didn't care. Key word :she DID NOT CARE. I would NEVER suggest a MD who doesn't have the confidence to help a patient w/exisiting condition-especially if they've never been treated. BAAAAAAAD sign of a baaaad doctor! I have never seen this doctor--my review is simply based on the &quot;helpfullness&quot;, knowledge after explaining my issue, rudness, and call wait time.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	commentsDr. Campbell was amazing.  She was very thorough, giving many important tests and then sitting with me explaining what every test was for and thoroughly explaining the results. I don't think i have ever had such a thorough exam, testing and explanations. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	 Extremely kind, patient, and compassionate. Very knowledgeable about diabetes and associated complications. Advocates for her patients. Does a fantastic job of trying to understand a very complex disease.  		5	5	5	Insurance:HealthPartnersPaid/Co-pay:$15
17	-1	 I've been seeing Dr. Callen for over a decade. He was really good once. Now that he works for Primacare, he's a referral machine (to other Primacare physicians, of course). He just wants to get you in the door so he can bill your insurance company, then refer you to someone else so they can also bill your insurance company. It's sad when a doctor starts putting profit ahead of quality care.  	3	2	1	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$10
23	1	commentsI was rushed into South County Hospital for what I assumed was a stomach virus, the attending Emergancy Dr., realized right away something was not right. I was admitted early Monday morning April 23,2007, I had come in on Sunday April 22, 2007.   Dr. Capuano performed surgery on me and it was not good new's , I was 39yrs.old and I had to have a big portion of my colon removed! I never had any warning sign's, it all happened within 2-hour's - and then my husband rushed me to the hospital on Sunday.   Dr. Capuano came and saw me everyday, I was in until April 28, 2007. He did want me to leave until we knew what we were dealing with.   I am going to a specialist for this problem, I still suffer side affect's, but if it was not for Dr.Umberto's quick action and had my surgery moved up by 3-hour's. Well who know's&#63;   He never made me feel like my question's were dumb, I am sure he could tell I was scared to death, after surviving Cervical Cancer, this new blow really hit me 	5	5	5	4	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	 Excellent physician, kind and compassionate and very intelligent. Top surgical skills.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	 My son was just 3 1/2 when I was told he needed surgery. I was a wreck. This office w wonderful. Dr Caldamone was unbelievable w my little guy. I could not have been happier w his treatment. My son is now 7 and has had no issues and no recollection of his surgery.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	.  i love this guy , ive had so many kidney problems and he helped me 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	 I agree wholeheartedly with all the previous posts.  My son was treated by Dr. Caldamone when he was 12 -- he is now 29 and completely healthy.  It is vital to trust your MD during such stressful periods.. He is an excellent doctor and I am so grateful that we found him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	 The Best doctor my daughter has seen; extremely knowledgeable, caring, and easy to reach. Has a tremendous staff around him, also very supportive and reachable.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	 I am very pleased with Dr. Caldamone, we have seen him for the last 3 years and still are currently under his care. He is a fantastic doctor and relates well with the children to make them feel comfortable.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
28	-1	commentsthis office is chronically under staffed and habitually over scheduled. do something about it. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	commentsHave you ever heard of the &quot; I'm Sorry Bill&#63;&quot; Not that an opology could ever correct needless surgical mistakes made resulting in a bad outcome that I live with daily. I'll contact the Medically Induced Trauma Support Services to see what they have to say. 		3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	.  they were very busy but made sure i was treated properly 		2	5	5	Insurance:HealthPartnersPaid/Co-pay:$25
28	-1	commentsGet a second opinion.I should have. Terrible results after surgery.Confirmed by several other urologists and radiologists.He won't tell you the truth.His P.A.'s will mislead you and tell you anything but the truth to shut you up.Very bad experience.Wouldn't recomend him if he were the last urolog 		1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	commentsVery helpful 		2	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	commentsI will never trust this man ever again! Ever! 		1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	 I THINK DR.CARDI IS THE BEST!!! HE HELPED ME WITH A BIG PROBLEM, AND I AM THANKFUL TO BE HERE TODAY. WOULD NOT TRADE HIM FOR ANYONE. I RECCOMEND HIM HIGHLY.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
30	1	 Dr. Cardi has been my primary care physician for many years. He follows up on his diagnosis and treats me with the right treatment/medication to treat/control the problem.  	4	3	5	4	Insurance:AARP
30	-1	commentswould not recomend. 		1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
33	0	 dr canton seems like a very intelligent man, but cannot understand him...his english not very good and it was a struggle to understand everything.  always had to wait for written report to know what he was talking about.  the waiting time was unbelievable.  we spent hours, at least 2 each time we went, waiting for our appointment.  i won't go back anymore. and i haven't.  	1	1	2	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	commentsTakes alot of time with the patients and he cares alot for them 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	 Dr. Carney was very patient, knowledgeable and did not rush me.   Highly recommend her! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$35
39	-1	 VERY TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE. I TOO WAS IN DOUBLE OVER PAIN...AND HE TRIED TO PUT ME ON AN ANTI DEPRESSANT...TURNED OUT THAT I HAD THYROID CANCER AND MY APPENDIX HAD BURST..  STAY AWAY FROM HIM 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
39	1	commentsDr Campagnari used to be my favorite, was my dr for years. However, once he took over the clinic, he became alot more clinical, less personal, and you could go in bent over in pain, and he would ask if you were depressed. He has changed alot. 	1	3	3	4	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	.  Always helpful will listen to problems you are having with your teeth and makes knowledgeable assessment of the situation 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
40	0	commentsdoes not seem very knowledgeable or he just didnt want to deal with my mouth 		4	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	commentsDr. Capalbo is an amazing cosmetic, general, and emergency dentist.  His new practice, located at 9 Cherry Lane, Wakefield, is beautiful.  I would recommend him to anyone. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	 Dr. Cahill is fantastic. I began seeing him upon moving to Rhode Island. He has a great bedside manner, is always on time for appointments and spends time talking to his patients to understand what is going on and happy to make referrals to other specialists when necessary.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	 I highly recommend Dr. Carcieri without hesitation.  He is a kind, knowledgeable, and attentive doctor.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	 Dr. Carcieri is a wonderful doctor. He delivered my first baby girl 5 years ago. I had an emergency c-section. He was calm, cool, and confident. I am planing to use him for my next delivery.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Tufts
49	1	 he is an excellent doctor and does not mind being challenged. He is sweet and caring and pretty straight forward. His staff is warm and wonderful.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
49	1	 nice doctor excellent staff the ladies are very warm.  	5	3	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	-1	 I heard Dr. Carcieri making rude comments about patients he had just seen, and then It was my turn to see him, so you can imagine how enthusiastic I was to see him. He is very artificial.  	2	3	2	2	Insurance:Oxford
49	1	 After experiencing a group practice during my first pregnancy and never really having one point of contact, this casual private practice is very refreshing. Dr Carcieri ended up delivering my first child and we couldn't have been happier. He is now my GYN/OB. His staff has always been welcoming and rarely is there ever a wait time. What I like best about Dr Carcieri is his bed-side manner. After a 30-hour labor and a tired and cranky patient, he was patient, helpful, and easygoing and made a point of coming to visit us the next morning. Even in his GYN approach, he takes the time to sit and get to know you and has never rushed me through. I had many questions on my last visit about a 2nd child and he patiently sat with me knowing he had others waiting and also made sure I left with a packet of info to further educate me upon leaving. He is definitely more casual in approach as I am so he is a perfect fit but he is very knowledgeable and helpful as well.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	0	commentsDoctor is friendly, but seems rushed & a little too casual. On one visit I could hear the staff making comments about other patients (the door was closed, they probably thought no one could hear). Receptionist is very rude & snippy. I left and found a practice I feel more comfortable with. 	2	3	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
54	-1	.  does not listen, does not acknowledge you when you talk, arrogante, treats you like a number 	4	3	2	2	Insurance:United Healthcare
54	-1	 Rude and uncaring! Dr Campbell was my family members doctor for over 22 years...now that they are old and ill he has no time to listen to their  changing medical state and issues.  I accompanied them to their last visit and he actulally walked out in the middle of my questioning...saying &quot;I'm done here&quot; I was flabbergasted! He walked out in the middle of my question about their medications! We had only been in there 15 min and he did a most basic of exams and then spent the rest of the time looking at the laptop and ignoring my questions. UGH.  My family member and I have never been so rudely treated. He got up and walked out!No final question,no comment to my family memeber who he has seen over 100 times over all those years.Our questions were not out of line and we were trying to get the information straight. He was so uncaring. My family member was devastated. Needless to say , we are looking for a new doctor.  	3	3	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$15
58	1	commentsHe is an excellent doctor.     The whole staff is wonderful, friendly...He listens too all your concerns &amp; doesn't rush you out until your finished speaking about any concerns you may have. If you need to get an appt. for any problem, they get you right in. He is excellent in his in field... 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	commentsThe office is run efficiently. So far, I've never had a long wait. Dr. Cahill never gives the impression of being rushed. He offers information and takes the time to respond to questions. 	4	4	4	3	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	 I have been seeing Dr Cappuccino for years.  He always squeezes me in when I have an emergency and does great work.  I would definitely recommend him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
73	1	 Dental work is quick, precise, and painless.   Never felt a thing! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
73	-1	.   	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	 Wonderful bed-side manner and extremely knowledgeable.  I normally hate the dentist, but he let me know exactly what to expect from the dental work I was receiving and made me feel very comfortable.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
77	-1	commentsMany other primary doctors in RI are no longer accepting new patients, or else you need to wait months to get in. After visiting this doc's office and seeing how unprofessional his office staff are, I can see why there is no wait to get in!It's very difficult to get anyone to return your calls and when they do, they simply do not have the kindness or patience to address your concerns, nor do they take your concerns seriously. They stare at lab tests and if they are all &quot;normal&quot;, they dismiss you quickly and send you on your way. Since when do symptoms of illness rely solely on lab tests that are extremely fallible&#63;Further, why are office staff allowed to view patient's records&#63; Only the nurses and doctors should be allowed to do this, and yet these women, who are no more than receptionists, are allowed to make remarks about a person's tests&#63;This office needs to be reported to the department of health, since they are breaking regulations left and right. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
77	-1	 I suffered for MONTHS with a thyroid condition while he AND HIS staff discounted all my symptoms.  Had to finally find a doc smart enough to order the right test which came back showing CLEARLY what my issue was.  DO NOT see this doc if you care about your health.  He is not thorough at all and his staff are no better.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	-1	 If you want to be treated with indifference, rudeness, and EVEN CONTEMPT by his office staff, then this doctor is for you.  He'll do NOTHING to get to the bottom of any complex issues (and most health issues are complex)  If the mediocre testing he orders comes back negative, then he gives up.  He will not treat you as a PERSON.  Only a patient in an “assembly line” of patients.  Truly unconscionable treatment.  If you dare to take your health into your own hands by finding a specialist, this office will make your life hell with resistance to EVERY simple thing you need done...all while your condition is getting worse. Hours are atrocious, barely working 3 days per week, & taking long lunches.  The receptionists will practically hang up on you just to get you off the phone.  Well, that’s what you’ll get at Dr. Capalbo’s office: a THREE RING CIRCUS.  Enter at your own risk.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
89	-1	commentsNot recommended 	4	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	 Dr. Califano is not only skilled in what he does, he has a warm and comforting manner.  He is personable and respectful.  My family has been patients of his for 15years and would highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
