dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Up front problem is that I have waited 2 to 3 hours past scheduled appointment time. Good news is that it is worth the wait: he gives you full attention,all the time you want...talk about all your problems and he will help or show you the way to go next. He has given me advice, referrals, and tests and medications that were totally right and missed by other doctors.  		1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	Dr.  Opalenski truly helped me with the multitude of stomach problems I have had and I would reccomend him to anyone with gastro-intestinal problems 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	He was late be helped me out perfectly. I went to a bunch of other doctors and they couldn't help me. A very knowledgable and professional man.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
1	-1	Every appointment I had with him he was at least 3 hours late,and not even in the office when my appointment was scheduled for, helped me somewhat with my condition, my condition greatly improved when I switched doctor's, I would not recommend him.  		1	2	2 	Insurance:HealthPartners
2	-1	Dr. Oliva is NEVER on time for appointments. The average wait time for me is just under an hour; over an hour I leave. My last visit I decided to see how long it took. At the one and one half-hour point, I was called in. When I complained that this was unreasonable, she told me I was free to find a new doctor, a far cry from the &quot;I'm sorry you had such a long wait&quot; that I expected. With one exception, the staff is snarky (especially when I leave) and medically this office is so impersonal and institutional that if I didn't need my prescription I would learn more from a book or on the web. Her arrogance gets in the way of my treatment. I wish I had realized this earlier and left her care then.  	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Medicare
2	1	Dr. Oliva seems like a very good doctor to me, in the sense that she has always been right on the money when disgnosing any of my problems. However, she is always running at leas tan hour late. I cannot deal with this any more now that I have a little baby. I also was oping for my physical to be more comprehensive, and not just a CBC. I would like to know my cholesterol, etc.  	3	1	3	4 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
2	-1	I have had Dr. Oliva for years and over time the office had gotten worse.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
2	-1	I called this office 6 times to request results of a test taken IN  OCTOBER .  This is now JANUARY.  At this time she has not returned my calls.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
2	1	Dr. Oliva has been a thorough and caring doctor to me since Sara Nugent left her practice (4 years&#63;).  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
3	1	Dr. Ortiz changed my life.  After having thyroid problems for 35 years, he increased my dosage of synthroid and I began to live life like I should be.   He is extremely knowledgeable  I would highly recommend this wonderful doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
4	1	Dr. Ong is the kindest most helpful and attentive doctor I have ever had. He has truly been a pleasure to work with over the years. Dr. On , in my experience, actually cares about his patients and progress made. He is also very willing to work with you on providing an individualized treatment plan and helping you to follow through and execute said plan. His kindness and dedication to your well being is truly remarkable and should be a quality seen in more doctors in this state and country.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
5	-1	Supposedly a specialist in spine disorders, so I hoped he would be able to find an answer to help me, finally, after 5 spine surgeries and a lot of years of pain.  He's very arrogant - he reviews your records to decide if he will even give you an appointment.  I waited 2 months for an appointment and several hours in the uncomfortable chairs in his waiting room, was told I needed a myelogram to be able to find the source of my pain, so I lost a day from work for the test and another week in pain from it, and waited another several hours to have him say that the myelogram was the same as the MRI.  He then flatly told me that &quot;the deterioration is moving up your spine&quot;, and I could try injections, as he shrugged.  As I sat there crying, he handed me a tissue box and told me to come back in 8 weeks - lots of caring there!  I've called back several times to try to get to see him again to get more information but can't get a call back. Not a &quot;top doc&quot; as far as I'm concerned.  	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:BC Med
5	0	Marginal appointment. I felt that my neurologist had given me more detailed information and  explanations about my MRI. Rather disappointing. 	3	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	I went to see this doctor for a Spinal Fusion, which he scheduled and verified was needed.  However, when the insurance company tried contacting him with questions on his diagnosis he out-right refused to provide the requested information. He stated (quite arrogantly) that &quot;anyone adequately trained would understand the information provided.&quot;  However, when I got copies of my file and what was submitted he completely contradicted his own diagnosis.  First he said there was nerve compression and compression of my spinal canal then he said there wasn't.  When I asked him for clarification myself his response was &quot;I never said there was nerve compression&quot; even though I had it in writing.  When I said that this was the exact reason why the insurance company was asking for clarification and that I was also he and his office staff stopped returning my calls and said that they couldn't help me anymore.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
5	1	This doctor is professional, and one of the best in his field.  He is very thorough, and successfully operated and removed a tumor on my father-in-law's spinal cord three months ago.  This was the first time we were introduced to this doctor, and our family was cautious going into the surgery, because the spinal cord is a very sensitive area.  My father-in-law has stage 4 renal cell carcinoma (cancer related to the kidney) that is being contained where it is presently, so we were very worrid to go ahead with this 12-14 hour procedure, but in doing so, my father-in-law is now walking around and the tumor is gone!  Dr. Oyelese called us once the surgery was complete to tell us it went well and to explain what he did.  The follow-ups have been great, as well.  We are so thankful to Dr. O for the excellent work he did!  I highly recommend this surgeon.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
5	1	He is a very professional, well spoken, and down-to-earth doctor. He explained things to me in ways that were very informative and technical always making sure I understood everything before moving on. He was willing and able to answer all questions I had regarding my diagnosis and pending surgery.   He is very intelligent and is an expert in his specialty, which is cervical spine surgery. He made me feel comfortable before and after surgery. He explained to me all risks and benefits before I submitted to surgery. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	the staff was a little pushy and the doctors assistant was a little odd, but the doctor was very helpful and knowledgeable 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	 		3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Dr. O'Heelan is extremely thorough. She analyzes all body systems and is able to create a workable plan to better health. She is extremely thorough and truly cares about her patients. My previous doctor refused to address my problems for years. Dr. O'Heelan confirmed many of my symptoms and I'm on my way to better health. She is realistic in her treatment, involving the patient in each decision. She also follows up on all test results and will contact her patients by phone to discuss results without having the patient call the office first. She actually contacted me at 7:30 at night to discuss my lab results because she knew I worked until 6:00 pm. That's what I call dedication.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Love Dr. Ohnmacht and his staff, he always is availiable to answer my questions.  Is very friendly and knowledgable.  Highly Recommended.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	My family has been going to Dr. Ohnmacht office for over 15 years. We have always felt as though Dr. Ohnmacht and his office staff were beyond fantastic! Our oldest is 19 now and we are dreading the day when she is too old to go to Dr. Ohnmacht. Yes, she is in college, but still wants to see him until she has to change! Our son has had many health issues over the years and Dr. Ohnmacht has always been available to help him through a crisis, even when his office was supposed to be closing! He spent two hours after his office closed one day to ensure our son was okay, and then called us at home within a few hours, and first thing the next morning. I can't say enough about how he has helped our family! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Dr. Ohnmacht is FABULOUS!!!!  I travel from the East Bay to see him--his staff is always wonderful, polite and attentive to our needs.  Dr.  O is great with children of all ages, my children have been his patients for almost 9 years, and could not be happier!  He is a realist- does not over prescibe medicines - he treats the child patient for what is needed! LOVE the office!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	We have been with Dr. Ohnmacht for 12 years and travel 45 minutes just to get to him.  He is fabulous with the kids and extremely knowledgable and available.  As with all doctors, he may run late from time to time, but there has never been a time when I have been in his office where I have felt that he shorted me on attention to get through his schedule. He is top quality.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	He's great with my daughter and a very positive and friendly doctor.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Dr. Ohnmacht has been a wonderful Dr. to my daughter.  I can call him anytime if I have a question and he always is responsive and knowledgable.  He is wonderful with children's health as well as behaviors.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
7	-1	 	2	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	The staff in this office is nasty and rude.   I tried talking to Dr. O'Toole about it, and she didn't care at all.  She is a VERY odd woman.  I would not recommend her at all. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	Dr. Otoole gave me results of my bloodwork, saying I had a disease that I did not have, prescribed class c drugs with no abandon without explaining possible consequences. I later found out she was responsible for a newborns death due to &quot;gross negligence&quot; and only fined $500 dollars. This woman should be drug tested as she looks high all the time.    I left her like grease lightning after looking up what mark she had against her per the medical review board. If you think your childs life/death is only worth $500 she's your dr.  Unknowledgable, careless, I would never leave the life of my son in this womans hands! She shouldn't have a license to drive, nevermind practice! Please pregnant mothers BEWARE!! Do your research on med review board about her . There was also an article about the babies death in providence journal.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
8	1	Dr. O'Toole has some issues.  If you look up on the state's DOH website, it shows that she was disciplined at one point for some type of misconduct.    I would never go to her for treatment, but her NP's are very good. 	3	4	5	3 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Dr. O'Toole has been my gyn for 15 years. In that time, I have only seen her once, and she wa 'okay.'  Her NP's, however, are absolutely fantastic.  Valerie, in particular, is my favorite.  She is kind, knowledable, easy to talk to, and will spend as long as you need to discussing your problem.  She also returns calls the same day (sometimes within an hour.)  I had some problems a couple of years ago...a suspicious lump in my breast that necessitated surgery, and she was WONDERFUL.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	-1	I had several concerns and this dr did not seem concerned at all! Come to find out my baby was born disabled. Also, I had brought up how I was concerned about my career while being pregnant and she was extremely rude to me. I switched immediately after that. I would wait a long time for my appt and once I saw her, it seemed she was rushed. Overall I felt I had no relationship with the dr who would have delivered my baby.  	3	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	listed as internist but this is my neurosurgeon.  caring, gives many options for treatment, and will change treatment if it is not working.  does not rush to recommend surgery.  have had bouts of back pain over the years and always return to him for advice and got relief without seeing the operating room!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	-1	Our family has found this doctor to be highly incompetant.       He is unprofessional, gruff, and hasn't any bedside manner.  I do not understand why he is in the &quot;helping profession&quot;, when he is not capable of offering much help at all.  He was quite condescending towards my father's complaints, and proceeded to misdiagnose him which only delayed my Dad's discomfort.  Fortunately, we found another doctor who is incredibly compassionate and knowledgable - two attributes which shoud be requirements for anyone in the medical profession. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Great Dr,,,,Will refer people to his office!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	The Staff is terrible.  On the rare occasion when they answer the phone (they only accept calls from after 9 till 12, and after 1 till 4), they're grouchy, arrogant and plain mean. 	1	3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	I moved to Florida and haven't found a doc like  Oleary. I will be moving back to RI. very soon and you can bet I will want him as my personal doctor. I just hope that in the two years that I have been away he has got some better jokes.He is not only my doctor he was always my freind.See ya soon doc. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	John O'Leary is a God-send to the patients that he cares for...friendly &amp; knowledgeable, he is a great medical quarterback to have by your side in good times and in bad...the only drawback to seeing John is that he tells TERRIBLE JOKES!!!...just ask patients like Jack M. who have to endure the pain of hearing them..  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tufts
11	1	Dr. O'Leary is the best PCP ever. Knowledgeable, caring, friendly. He is the one I can count on to get to the bottom of a problem, ease my suffering and instill confidence. Works with you, does not talk down to you, and he listens. I am lucky to have such a wonderful primary dr.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
