dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	-1	This is on behalf of my father, who is not here today because of this sc****g.  My dad went to him for metatarsal surgery and came home, collapsed on the bathroom floor, he was taken to the emergency room where it was confirmed he got sepsis with listeria.  My dad died a week later in the ICU.  This doctor is NG.  My dad would always come home with bloody socks on after his appointments with him, too.  He falsified my dad's medical records after I requested them.  Why&#63;  Because he knows we are going to sue him, so that I would get spoiled evidence.  I think he should be in jail for what he did to me and my dad.  He is no good and should be closed down.  I have reported him to my state board of licensure and please ALL who read this don't go to him.  He owes my family ALOT of money right now.  He deserves to get sued for every single dime we can get.  He isn't going to get away with my father's wrongful death charges and wanton negligence that he committed.  He is a criminaland a quack.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
2	1	This office was great. Had to leave when my daughter started to feel uncomfortable with him. He could be rude at times but the staff was amazing. 	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Dr. Ghoreishi has been my doctor since I was a baby and he's great. I'd recommend him to anyone looking for a pediatrician. He's very helpful and always knows what he's talking about. The staff is great, and over all the office is great. Always smiles and knows most, if not everyone, by name. The office and staff make sure you have a comfortable time while at your appointment and are never rude.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	-1	. I guess hes ok if your young but if your older than 60 look for another doctor cause they dont want to treat you 	1	4	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
3	1	. Shoulder came back and still threw in the low 90's 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	nice guy but way behind 		2	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Dr. Greco has been our pediatrician for 9 years.  He  has always taken my concerns seriously, listened patiently, diagnosed correctly, spoken straightforward and understandably. He provides thorough care. The office staff is always pleasant. Sometimes there is a wait on the phone when calling in for an appointment. If I have needed a return call about a question the return call has been within the hour.  I recommend him highly!~ 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	Dr Greco is just awesome and always has been.  Both of my children had him (they are now 25 & 18). He was caring, patient & most personable.  He never provided a misdiagnosis throughout the years. His office staff is just the best too!! Hats off for running a tight ship.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	had him for 18 years. extremely caring, helpful and knowledgeable doctor. i was extremely sad when I became too old to go to him anymore.  short waiting time, friendly office staff, a tribute to the medical professsion 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
4	1	Fabulous pediatrician!  Responsive and follows up on issues.  	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	-1	. I have changed Doctors when my DAUGHTER ALMOST DIED AND HE WAS NOT THERE 		2	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	THE BEST PEDIATRICIAN, THERE IS... HE IS GREAT!!!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	Unskilled, and led to problems later. 	2	5	3	1 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	very kind gentle doctor  does not push additionnal appointments he leaves it up to you.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	-1	 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	Poor Service Overall... Would not Refer anyone to him. 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	very kind, gentle, and caring. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	Lack of knowledge and skill. None existent 'bedside manner' to the point of rudeness. Her biggest concern is covering her butt. Really doesn't understand what is expected. Little knowledge of regulations. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Dr. Godley was referred to me by my PCP, so I knew immediately I would be in good hands, and I absolutely was. In addition to info provided above, Dr. Godley is caring and most considerate of patient's fears and anxiety. I ended up having some surgery, which scared me, but the entire experience was absolutely comforting. I trust Dr. Godley and am confident that he his patients' wellbeing is is his top priority.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
8	1	dr.  godley and his team were great i would recommend him highly 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
9	-1	Always late and will text during appointments. Office manager is very rude. He's very arrogant and has no social skills whatsoever. Rushes appointments. Does not want to be there. Has pictures of family everywhere and always talks about them. Think he's an MD just to make money and doesn't care about anyone but himself. Not a nice man and neither is his staff. Stay away at all costs.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
9	-1	I felt that he was only in it for the insurance money, he did not care if he was a good Dr. as long as the money was coming in. My opinion. Found a new Dr.  	 12/1/11	3	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
9	-1	If there is an award for the most useless doctor... the award goes to him. He is either late on appointments, where, you sit and wait, really wait in the exam room,(my total waiting time was 50 minutes and saw him for 10 min.)he barely can greet you, sits at a mini desk and can't look at you because he is writting away, and sometimes it is not your file, it is catchup from another patient, if he thinks you cannot see this, he is only fooling himself. Don't even think of getting a sample pack from his office, and when you need a prescription, he looks at you as if you created a burden for him. He cares about his children more than your concerns and will make sure they get the finest education from your billing payments. If your a difficult medical case, he will not wish to see you, and leave you hanging. You could get better medical treatment at a local bar than from this so called doctor, take your health issues to someone who will be there for you, or you will find out the hard way.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
10	1	Dr. Goldman is excellent. She is highly knowledgeable and works well with my PCP. I would reccommend her to anyone who is looking for an OB/GYN in RI.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	I tell everyone I know how fantastic Dr. Goldman is! She has delivered all three of my children and provided top-notch care, from my pre-pregnancy appointments (and infertility issues) through post-nasal care.  I would highly recommend her to anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
11	1	. The doctor was very knowledgeable and attentive 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	Dr. Goldman was excellent to my family and I when we discovered my dad had a tumor in his midbrain.  His radiation oncologist was actually ecstatic with Dr. Goldman's work, because it was in such a tricky area that there could have been many complications but there were none.  Unlike the other reviewers, Dr. G was always available to us upon request rather quickly, and there were always NPs or Physician Assistants on the floor if we had more pressing issues in the hospital.  All follow up care was very thorough as well.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	-1	Dr. Marc Goldman was extremely unprofessional when we met him, he was late and didn't give us the time of day to explain what was happening to out family member. Come to find out he has a reputation at the hospital as a poor surgeon and is actually being investigated by the board of health. Apparently he is leaving the hospital soon and going to New York where I am sure he will operate on the wrong side of the brain like he did here in providence on multiple occassions. Please do not ever use this surgeon trust me he is should not be in this profession.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	-1	My mom had an accident and had a severe brain injury. I arrived at the hospital & our mom was already in a coma and it did not look good. We met Dr Goldman briefly in the ER but he was busy (understandably)assessing my mom's condition. After a few hours my mom was moved to the ICU. After waiting to speak to a doctor for (overnight)over 13 hours Dr Goldman COULD NOT BE BOTHERED to speak to us. We sat in the waiting room on the Neuro floor, and Dr Goldman knew we were waiting yet he breezed by the waiting room several times, casually talking and laughing with colleagues.(I know that he had rounds at that time- but a little sensitivity would have helped) He avoided us at all costs and  when he finally took the time to speak to us (after begging the nurses to help us) all he had time to say was &quot;we will know more in 72 hours&quot;. That is all he said before he walked away after we had waited with knots in our stomach for 13 hours. My mom died 3 days later. I would have appreciated some candor. 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	Loves to talk down to just about EVERYONE, and makes them feel crappy. This &quot;dentist&quot; every time I seen him all he did was complain. Trust me there are better dentists out there. Don't put up with his crap.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
13	-1	Dr.Robert Grace was very rude to me and not friendly. Worst dentist I ever met.I never went back to his office after my first visit. I found a better place to go to in Cranston on RT 5,The dentist and staff are great! Robert you no good and need to get more people skills. Telling me if I did'nt listen to you that I was not welcome back. I was my first in your office you fool. 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Was very patient and informative with answering all of my questions concerning stents and procedures. He took as much time as needed to answer everything to my understanding.  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	-1	couldnt help my close friend 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
14	0	a 		1	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	She is a wonderful Dr. Very knowledgeable, on time 99% of the time. Great personality, honest.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	-1	I didn't like this doctor all.  He has a horrible bedside mannor and made me feel very unconfortable. 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	I agree with those who say you need to understand Dr. Glinick's humor.  The first time I saw him, I was very intimidated and put off by his manner. The next time I took it differently.  I have been going there for years now.  He is very funny! Very dry sense of humor. I really like seeing him. I have had skin cancer 3 times and feel very good about his knowledge and care.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	He knows his stuff. Nice guy, he kids around , you have to understand his humor. He's well known and people go to him because he's good. If you have a derm problem he'll take care of it for you. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Glinick's for many years.He has always been very competent (in fact when another dermatologist mistakenly diagnosed acne and placed me on Accutane - a very powerful drug. I subsequently went to Dr. Glinick who immediately/correctly diagnosed my condition as a staph infection (quite serious, esp. when one works in a hospital)and provided me with appropriate medication. He always spends ample time discussing problem/solution(s)/prescribed medication/treatment(s), etc. In response to two previous comments: 1) I also have olive skin and am vigilant about protecting my skin.Dr. Glinick always provides me with the latest medical information pertaining to sun protection (his wife, Dr. Welch, has even been on the local news promoting the importance of sun protection). 2) Re: bedside manner - Dr. Glinick has a very dry sense of humor which was possibly misinterpreted. I (and friends/family) have always found him to be quite professional/caring/friendly/humorous.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Outstanding physician. Compassionate and caring. Explains things well 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	Terrible bedside manner. Very condescending. Basically made me feel like an idiot for even being in his office, since I have olive colored skin...thus I should not be concerned about skin cancer! But he supposedly has a good reputation, which is why I chose him. I would not go back.  		1	1	3 	Insurance:HealthPartners
16	1	Worst bedside manner. If you can handle his cryptic responses to your questions, he otherwise seems pretty competent. He did a good job removing a skin cancer from my arm. But if you're looking for someone who thoughtfully and helpfully answers your questions without making you feel like an idiot, go elsewhere. It also takes a long time to get appointments.  		3	2	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
17	1	Anne Garvey is a wonderful doctor.  Her staff is well mannered and wonderful with children.  We never wait more than 5 mintues for an appointment and sometimes don't even have time to sit before we're called in.  Dr Garvey has a wonderful bedside manner and is wonderful with kids of all ages.  I would recommend her to anyone.  	 10/25/07	4	5	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	. very personal, yet professional; quite knowledgeable about gyn/ob symptoms &amp;  problems; follow-through &amp; ability to put patient at ease is excellent! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	I have been using Dr. Greenlee for the past 8 years. He has delivered both of my children. He always makes you feel very comfortable. He has a great bedside manner and he explains everything that he is doing to you. He has moved to Rhode Island and I am continuing to use him even though he is 2 hours away. My 2nd child was just born 3 weeks ago. He is a great doctor as well as a very caring understanding person. He also has a great sense of humor. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	. This dr misdiagnosed me!!! he  is very nice but didnt ddo any testing on me and know i have ovarian cancer!! 	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Oxford
18	1	Dr. Greenlee delivered both my children.  I've been going to this practice for 10 years.  I've since moved an hour away and still travel in order to keep him as my GYN.  Phenomenal doctor.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
18	1	Dr. Greenlee is a wonderful doctor. Truly cares about patients. Makes you feel very comfortable. Staff is also friendly and knowledgeable. Takes time to answer all your questions. Would highly recommend him.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
18	1	Great Doctor! Spends substantial time talking before exam; very gentle, caring and sensitive. Quite knowledgeable. I have been with him for 17 years.  Highly recommended!!! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
19	1	excellent, thorough and caring  Will answer any questions and puts you at ease. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	0	. 	4	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	I have suffered from back pain due to an car accident in 1995.  I arrive in severe pain and always leave pain free. Dr Grisell is the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	-1	Dr. Grinsell is a lovely man, albeit a little judgemental.  But I must warn you that the first (and last) time I went to him (based on a referral), he took xrays and not only did he misdiagnose the problem, but when I asked for a copy of the xrays less than 2 weeks later, he told me he threw them away!  I have never heard of a doctor throwing xrays away before.  Not only that, but he said he threw them away, because another patient, who is a coworker of mine reported to him that I was fine (when I wasn't)!  I've never heard of a doctor discussing my condition with other patients, nevermind then destroying medical records because of that conversation!  Clearly, he was hiding something!  And apparently, it was a misdiagnosis.   Granted, a chiropractor may not be the best person to read xrays and honestly, I was less disturbed by his misdiagnosis than I was with his cover up.  Very unprofessional!  He has now guaranteed that I will not become a repeat patient of his. 	3	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Dr. Grinsell came highly recommended and he immediatly stopped the pain from a ski accident dislocated rib. This was after I had been to another DC 2 or 3 times. Although he does not accept insurance, his rates are increadably low for the healing services he provides and he helps by providing for insurance reimbursement documentation. His typical fee is only $45 and we usually get back $35 from United Health. He has been able to diagnose and cure a serious infection by his experience and knowledge of treatments that are non-toxic and avoid side affects of typical medical approachs. My wife was in pain and our insurace was billed thousands for test after test. He fixed it with a over the counter herbal oil. We were amazed at how fast it healed. He gets to the cause of the problem and helps your body heal itself! A Master of healing! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Dr Grinsell's chiropractic care is unlike no other. He is courteous and thoughtful. You can tell he truly values you as a patient. I have seen many chiropractors over the years for ailments that have been with me since childhood. I have felt significantly and increasingly better since my care has been with Dr. Grinsell. Highly recommend! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	THERE ARE A LOT OF OTHER ORTHADONTIST IN RHODE ISLAND WHO OFFER MUCH BETTER TREATMENT THEN THIS GUY 	3	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	After 7 years of dozens of doctors, testing, and experimental treatment, Dr. Gordon was the first Dr. to correctly diagnose my condition. He always took the time to answer my questions and talk through my concerns and his decisions. I'll never be able to say enough good things about this doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	0	Have been seeing Dr. Gordon for 7 months for Transverse Myelitis.  Very little if any treatment plan or helpful analysis.  Waited 3 months to even begin treatment of high dose oral corticosteroids with no results.  Delayed to perform CSF spinal tap until 6 months after being struck down.  That's about all that has been done to date other than the MRI's that keep coming back clean.  Finally came to a road block where he doesn't know exactly what to do but wait and see.  When I question him for details on treatment plan and approach he transfers me to &quot;a highly trained and capable colleague&quot; who took all of 12 minutes to speak with me before he begins telling me it's all in my head.  Sounds like someone is putting more effort into circling the wagons, and not trying to treat their patient.  	4	4	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	If anyone out there is looking for a great Dr., Dr.Green would be it. I lucked out getting him as a family Doctor and I have had him as my Primary Doctor since highschool. He never rush's you and he alway's listen's. Great Job !! Dr.  Green!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Dr. Green has been taking care of me, my siblings, and my parents for the last twenty years. He is helpful and knowledgeable. He's also friendly and down to earth. Wait time is usually about fifteen minutes, but it is worth it. He has a wonderful, caring staff as well.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
23	1	I have been a patient of Dr.Green's since I was 15 yrs.   old, I am now 40yrs. old. I really lucked out with such a great doctor. He is alway's caring and if he is not sure he send's me to someone else, so that we find out what the problem is.   When I realize I have been his patient for 25yrs. it scare's me , because I don't know what I will do when he retire's! Well Dr. Green , I guess you just can't!!   Your the Best Dr. Green 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Wonderful doctor, takes the time to answer your questions. No long waits in the office. Easy to talk to.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
24	1	Dr. Gilmore is extremely thorough, knowledgeable, and compassionate.  Her staff is very nice and helpful.  Dr. Gilmore has actually never been on time once in the almost 7 years I have been seeing her.  Sometimes the wait is very long.  However, she is such a good doctor that she is worth the wait.  	4	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	An excellent doctor. Knowledgeable, experienced, very thorough, and actually listens to her patients. One of the best doctors I have ever had.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	-1	. She does not listen, she is at least 2 hours or more behind, she makes rude comments and gives meds that make you very sick and she doesn't listen! 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	Excellent Dr. Knowledgeable. I am very happy!! He is very pleasant and easy to talk to. Nice location. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Dr. Gordon is a very knowledgeable psychologist who takes the time to really listen and help.  He really helped me. He has an easy to talk to style and is tough on helping solve issues. He reliably always takes his appointments on time which is a huge plus. I highly recommend him as a top notch psychologist.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	I am very happy with this psychologist! It has taken years for me to find someone who I felt comfortable with and someone I feel I can trust to understand me. This office isn't quick to prescribe medication, especially unnessecary medication. Always on time, excellent appointment times (a good variety), nice location, and comfortable enviroment. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Excellent physician, took care of my son during surgery.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	Has been my Cardiologis for over 10 years and is great.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
28	1	Excellent anesthesiologist, took care of my wife during her surgery, made her feel very relaxed prior pre-op and was very attentive post-op.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	My doctor for several years, Dr. Guttmacher (unlike most doctors) exhibits no 'ego' -- you and your concerns are treated with respect. He works very well with other health care professionals. He is very aggressive(which I liked)to push my blood sugars to normal levels(which happened within several months of dianosis)and worked as my partner the whole time. He is compassionate, and unlike almost any other doctor I've had, Dr. Guttmacher is sensitive to a patient's financial concerns. I've had other doctors brush these aside as if it's beneath them to give me the information on treatments (tests, medications, etc...)balanced against what they will cost me. This allows ME to decide the best course; but Dr. Guttmacher has never NOT advocated what is BEST for me from a health care standpoint. The only weak area is the often long wait - due to many sliding scale patients and the practice tries to see everyone it can regardless of ability to pay. Not due to greed, like most 'busy' doctors. 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Very understanding doctor 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Has been our family doctor for over thirty years.  Have always been comfortable and made to feel at ease/ 	5	3	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	I disagree with the comments that one person left about the PAs.  I had Cameron Miller when I last visited and I thought he was great.  After visiting two separate Quick care clinics for what turned out to be Lymes disease, Cameron was the only one who was thorough enough to order blood tests and ultimately found out that I had Lymes.  Since all of the symptoms matched Lymes, Cameron prescribed Doxycycline before we got the final results.  He was compassionate and actually listened to what I had to say.  In fact, I told Cameron that he must have learned from Dr. Golomb because they both actually listen to what you are saying instead of clicking the meter. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	Despite going to Dr. Golomb’s office for the better part of two decades, I cannot in good conscience recommend this office to anyone.  It must have been location that inspired my parents to choose this office in my early years because as I coast into my mid-twenties all I see now is incompetence and lots of it.  First off, it is not Dr. Golomb’s office anymore.  He is part-time at best at this stage in his career and has bestowed his office space to a couple of amateurs.  Compound this with the fact that the secretary is both rude and ignorant in person, and only sparingly returns phone calls when you choose to leave a message.  So in other words you don’t even have to be present to be negatively impacted by the staff that Galomb’s successors have chosen to negligently carry the torch.  	1	3	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	He's knowlegable, helpful, and knows the right diagnosis and tests to prescribe. I would recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	0	The secretaries who I have to speak on the phone with when I call are always curt and, frankly, rude.  They make me feel like I'm bothering them by calling and asking them to make an appointment.  I've never actually seen Dr. Golomb, but am always put with a PA, who is always nice and helpful.  But between the 'tude of the desk workers and the wait to be seen I am looking for a new doctor.  	2	2	2	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
32	-1	I switched to a new docotr because all I ever saw was one of his PAs.  The PA I saw never listened to any of my concerns and my appointments only last for 5 - 10 minutes apiece. My labs were always abnormal and I was told I was fine and there was nothing to worry about.  Well he was WRONG!! I have several health issues that are now being taken quite seriously because I could have died!! 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	I love Dr. Golomb. He is smart, but has a way of explaining things that make it easy for the lay person to understand.  Very experienced and keeps up to date. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Talks things out with you. Does not rush you through.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
33	1	Dr Gordinier battled my insurance to get them to pay for my chemo. She did my surgery and gave me chemo. I have the highest regard for her. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	Dr Gordinier performed a total hysterectomy on me because she discovered I had uterine cancer, which is the same as endometrial cancer. As I am only 27 and have no children, this was a difficult decision for me. Dr.  Gordinier made a special appt to sit and talk with me and my husband and DID NOT EVEN CHARGE ME FOR THE APPT!! She is so awesome and would reccomend her to anyone who needs a gynocological oncologist 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
33	-1	The chemotherapy treatments that Dr Mary Gordinier offers are really very harmful to people. She doesnt clearly communicate that to her patients. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Dr. Goldfarb has been my doctor for 5 years. She addresses every problem with good sense, extremely intelligent easoning, and good humor. Easy to talk to, doesn't rush and calls at home to check progress when she prescribes meds. I see her twice a year for blood work checks and have occassionally called for medical problems she immediately addressed or has sent me to specialists. Good doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
34	1	Dr Goldfarb is a kind Dr however, she's overbooked and did not have time to answer a bunch of questions i had re my dignoses. The front desk girl needs to smile more not the warmest person. Overall Dr is good but i wish she understood certain areas better. 	1	3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	0	I think that these doctor are allright. We have had a few services with them mostly yearly checkups. Nothing bad with them. If your late however they will still charge you!    I made an appointment for my mom a week in advanced, she showed up about half an hour late. The appointment was at 8AM (When the building just opens) and they REFUSED to let her see the doctor despite their was no one else in the waiting room!     What has me outraged the most was they also CHARGED her $25 without seeing the doctor(missed appointment) and they rescedual the appointment for another time and they CHARGED HER ANOTHER  $25 ahead of time also! This is an outrage!    We are currently in the process of looking for a new doctor. We have used this doctor service for 3 years now. We have had no problems with this service up until now.    If they just rescedual without implementing a fee on us it would have been acceptable.  They are pretty good doctors, but it is better to make a much later appointment! 	2	2	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Dr. Goldfarb is very professional in her manner, but also displays a sense of humor that provides a calm, pleasant atmosphere.  She is a good listener and her knowledge of medicine is evidenced by her accurate diagnosing.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	All around good MD, however not so helpfull when it comes to injuries.  		4	4	4 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
34	1	Dr. Goldfarb is the best physician I have ever experienced. She is nice, answers your questions, and is generally excellent at diagnosis and attentiveness. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	The best person to practice mediciner I've ever experanced 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Dr. Goldberg is a very kind, experienced physician who i trust completely.  He has treated me for over 20 years and I can honestly say i've never been disappointed in his care of me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	Does not listen.  Acts like patient has no input and he knows everything.  Also treated me like I was stupid.  	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
38	1	Dr.Glod saved my foot,following a mis-diagnosis by another facility. He is the most wonderful doctor I have ever had take care of me and have total confidence in every procedure he has taken with me. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	My daughter was having problems with her toes, but was afraid to go to a foot doctor due to a VERY BAD past experience. A friend recommened Dr, Glod and boy am I happy she did!!  He has restored our trust.  He is so nice and great with kids.   Would be happy to recommend him to everyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	I had a charcot foot deformity that was not diagnosed by several other doctors.  Dr. Glod was able to diagnose the problem and spent a lot of time with me and my family discussing what charcot foot was and treatment options.  I had extensive surgery to correct my foot with a halo frame to protect my foot while it healed.  He spent as much time with me as I needed, he never rushed me, and he saved my foot. Sometimes you would have to wait to see him, but it was worth it... In my opinion, he is the best!!!! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	Had &quot;2&quot; total knee replacements (different knees) and pleased with the results... I've recommended him to others considering knee replacement(s).  His PA is also excellent !!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
39	1	He can cure you with his enthusiasm. He likes his job and likes his patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	Stephen Gross has taken care of me for years.  He is polite and on time and has helped me through a number of painful times in my life.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	doctor is very pro active. Will always try to find a solution to problem. I have been seeing this doctor for 19 yrs after a serious illness and do not take any daily prescriptions.  He always asks what can I do to help myself feel better 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
40	1	Been with Gorelick for 10+ years, I find him extremely good.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	Dr. Gorelick has been my primary care physician since 2000. He has a great sense of humor, deals with you as a human, takes time to listen to your concerns, and seems to have a strong knowledge of best practices. He's led his medical practice's move to electronic medical records and other innovations that will help with patient outcomes. I was pleased when he suggested, out of the blue, a move from a pricey  cholesterol control med to a generic one that was 80% cheaper. As mentioned in another review, nurse Jane is excellent.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	I've been going to Dr. Gorelick since 1996. He is a doctor who listens and takes his time with you. I have never felt rushed through an examine. His nurse Jane is awesome, she will always get back to you if you are unable to get intouch with him to make an appointment. He also uses a state-of-the-art record keeping system. I would highly recommend him as a primary card physician.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	Dr. Gupta, I comend for the BEST care my three year old son,during his ruptured globe incident. Dr. Gupta has been the most helpfull and most attendent to the needs of my son and even myself. I highly recomend him!!! He is not a Pediactric Dr. but he is amazing with kids and put my son first.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
42	1	Dr Galkin is a great doctor/surgeon.  But needs better bedside manners 	4	4	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	-1	Dr. Gaines mumbles, talks in a very low voice, and is turned away from the patient most of the time, as he makes notes on a side table. So he is hard to hear and hard to talk to. I can only guess that he is extremely shy, but this makes it difficult for a patient, esp. anyone with middle-aged hearing, let alone anyone elderly. Doesn’t explain enough. Warwick office is ramshackled and chaotic.  		2	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
44	-1	If you are already a patient, you get excellent care from Dr. Greenier.  If you are a new patient in need of a doctor, it's impossible to reach an actual human being and the uncaring staff can't even be bothered to return your call. Wish there was a way to let the doctor know patients are going unhelped. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	I've been a patient of Dr. Greenier for two years, and I'm so glad I switched from my previous physician.  She is thorough, asks questions and listens to your answers and has a wonderful, warm personality.  Her office staff is helpful and efficient.  I can't rate this practice highly enough.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	I have been her patient for 5 years now. She is by far the best doctor I've had. She has a sense of humor, is kind, and caring, and most importantly, intelligent. She never makes you feel rushed in an appointment. She takes time to talk and answer your questions. She is good about seeing you if you have an emergency. I have referred many friends and family members to her and they all liked her too. Her office staff (receptionsts) can be rude and unprofessional at times- but it's worth getting past them to see Dr. Greenier.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
44	1	Vanessa has referred me to specialist for various treatments. Each time the doctor she selected was superb. She is frank and listens to her patients. She knows her patients. I would highly recommend her without reservation.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	Vanessa is bright and intense and really is well informed. I like the fact that what she does not know she freely admits and gets you the help you need.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	-1	This person is the worse person to see for any services, he was rude and cold, if you can searchfor someone else.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	Very nice doctor.  Bilingual 		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
47	1	Dr. Guillette is very kind and understanding. She explains everything before she actually does it.  She has very kind eyes which is compforting. I would recommend for adults and children.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
48	1	Dr. Gaines is a wonderful doctor who always takes the time to fully inquire about my health. His approach is careful and unobtrusive. His sense of humor and quick wit are just a bonus! Highly recommended.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
48	1	Dr. Gaines is a very caring, knowledgeable doctor.  He listens to my health concerns carefully and thoughtfully and is very thorough with my examines.  He has been our family physician for many years and we are very happy with his consistent care.  His sense of humor is an added bonus to the visit.  I will continue to recommend Dr. Gaines to family and friends.  	5	3	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	Dr. Gaines is very thorough in his exams.He uses his wonderful sense of humor to put patients at ease. He will not prescibe medicine unless it is truely needed and will explain all the benefits and risks to the patient. He stresses good health through healthy diet and exercise. He truely cares about his patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	-1	Condescending and arrogant.  Doesn't believe patient illnesses.  Poor incomplete exams.  Attempts comedy, but is really just rude.  Stay away at all costs.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	Dr. Gaines is always nice and upbeat. He is also funny, and has a good sense of humor. I usually do not have to waite long in the waiting room. I think that he pays alot of attention to what you tell him and is very thorough when he feels there might be a problem. I have CFS/FM and although he has referred me to a specialist for the FM, he is a non-believer in CFS. I do like him as my GP and I do know that some people drive a long distance to see him. 	4	4	4	3 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	He replaced both my hips - one in 2002, one in 2007.  I play over 100 rounds of golf every year, walk 95% of the time and have a 6 handicap.  This guy is a great surgeon who has changed my life.  Also, the experience I had at Miriam Hospital for both surgeries was top-notch.  I highly recommend Dr. Goldstein.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	Dr Goldstein has done a few surgeries on my knees.  He explains everything, what the issues are and exactly what he is going to do during the surgery.   I would recomend him to anyone 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
50	1	Exceptional physician; listens to patient and spends time explaining condition and medication/treatment options.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	0	Dr. Goldhaber is not a nice doctor. She presents herself as cold and stuck-up. For some of my husband's appointments that I accompanied him to she was unprepared, not being sure if test results she had sent him for were back and having to go look for them. Even though my husband had a scheduled appointment to see her once, she came out to the waiting room and said there was no need for the appointment since she did not have the results of his MRI yet.  I asked if we could could still come into her office since my husband had some concerns/questions for her and she said that unless he had new symptoms she wouldn't see him because she had to see other patients. Mind you, my husband had a scheduled appointment that he already paid his co-pay for and was anxious about his possible diagnosis. She could have relieved his anxiety by answering some of his questions! In fairness, I can't comment on her medical knowledge, because my husband ended up firing her after this incident. Never again! 	5	5	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	Very intelligent doctor. took time to listen to me. gave me a diagnosis. although she was not able to help me with my issue so much, she did gave me advice on what to do next. i would recommend her though. very nice doc.  	3	4	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
51	1	Dr. Goldhaber is on time . She does not rush patients out. She is compassinate and knowledgeable. Trust her fully.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
52	1	great experience. I like her no nonsense approach. I know I can trust her and she won't make me worry about something unnecessarily but she'll be clear when there are things I should be doing differently.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tufts
53	1	Dr.  Gaintanis is the best neurologist! He's very very knowledgeable and has taken very good care of my daughter khloe! I recommend him for anyone that is looking for a great neurologist! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
54	1	Dr. Girgenti has been my optometrist for about 8 years now.  He helped me (before I even was a patient of his) when my glasses broke and he called me back himself.  He always takes his time to give a thorough eye exam and answer any questions.  He cares.  His secretary is also very nice. I would recommend Dr. Girgenti to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
55	1	I like her a lot: she is very thorough and pleasant and correctly diagnosed a recurring digestive problem which several other doctors had ignored. Her receptionists are rather unfriendly and bad-mannered unfortunately.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
56	1	I love Dr. Garg.  He's always so helpful and answers all my questions.  I'm very comfortable being 100% honest with him.  I'm always seen quickly and I never feel rushed when we're talking.  I really couldn't recomend him more.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	Excellent clinician, always thorough with a bedside manner that promotes a good rapport with the patient.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
57	1	Office staff in Lincoln is impossible to get on the phone.  Dr. Grande only works one day a week in the office so Rx's are sometimes refilled late because pharmacy can't contact her.  She's very friendly and knows what she's doing but comes off a bit spacey.  She walks outside of the exam room a bit too much during visits.  	1	3	4	5 	Insurance:Aetna
57	1	 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Went to a walk in Clinic where she was the doctor on call, I have never met anyone who was so helpful,and so caring .  She was thorough ,and I left feeling very confident that I had the best care ever!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
59	-1	She's supposed to be the doctor on call tonight, but the answering service could not reach her in three tries in over an hour.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
59	-1	Shrew. She's fortunately not my doctor, but unfortunately has to cover for mine. Went to the lab on a Saturday morning to have Coumadin level checked. Called service in the afternoon to get results. She called back and told me I should have gone to the lab sooner, wouidn't call Roger Williams lab to get results, as she had done in the past, and told me to take same amount of Coumadin I had been taking without knowing current level. I had been having a period of erratic levels that could have been lethal but she didn't do anything to find out. I called the practice Monday morning and reported her irresponsible, unethical, and potentially endangering behavior to the practice. I got a call back from Dr. Treger and told her what happened. Every time I see her in the office now she gives ME the death stare. She's lucky I didn't report her to the RI Medical Board and the AMA. I avoid contacting the office on days I know she's covering for my doctor.  	5	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	 	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	Awesome Doctor! He does his research if he is unsure and has always been kind and caring.  He's the best doctor ever! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
60	1	Took his time to explain everything, he was funny and always made me felt at ease.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	Doctor Gonzales is the best doctor I have had in 64 years. He listens and explains everything, and he is very knowledgable, and his staff loves him also.  My family and friends all say the same, what a doctor!!!!! Roger 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	DR. GONZALEZ HAS ALWAYS BEEN OUTSTANDING WITH HIS BEDSIDE MANNER AND ALSO IN HIS DIAGNOSIS. I WOULD RECOMMEND HIM TO EVERYONE. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	-1	Scared me by saying various things were wrong that weren't, culminating in erroneously telling me I had cancer. The oncologist said there was nothing to indicate I had cancer. Constantly consults his hand computer before discussing things.  		2	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	Dr. Gutierrez is an excellent geriatric internist.  He is personable, skilled and sincerely interested in the welfare of his patients.  He takes time to listen.  His office staff will always find space for an extra appointment if I need one unexpectedly.  Dr. Gutierrez knows when to refer to other physicians who have a specialized area and does not hesitate to do so when it is warranted.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
62	1	I MUST THAT DR.GARTMAN WAS THE BEST DOCTOR I COULD HAVE. I AM GREATFUL TO HAVE KNOWN HER.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Providence
63	1	My son was one of his first patients when he came to RI.  My son needed his tonsils out &amp; he did the surgery.  He took his time to talk to him &amp; answered any questions my son had, along with mine.  We have another surgery coming up with him and I feel very comfotable with Dr Groblewski.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	-1	Found him to have preconceived bias regarding the removal of my son's tonsils. Even after a positive sleep study  for apnea he was still looking for reasons not to consider the procedure that I and my son's pediatrician  feel is needed. Found his manner to be condescending. No longer pursuing treatment with him for my son. His initial exam of my son was so cursory as to be non exsitant .  	4	4	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
63	1	Dr. Groblewski is a very great, highly recommendable doctor.  He made me and my child feel comfortable and gained our trust.  He has a very attractive intelligence and is very dedicated to his patient(s).  He performed a life changing tracheal reconstruction on my son and followed up post operative religiously and I couldn't be happier with the results we received.  Thank you is a understatement, but thank you Dr. Groblewski.    8)  Regina 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
64	1	I have been going to DR.Gettinger for about 8 yrs, the staff has always been friendly and knowledgeable. When I had surgery on my gums Dr. Gettinger called me up at home, on the weekend to ask how I was doing. This goes above and beyond what most MD's would do.   He cares about his patients!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
64	1	Dr. Gettinger went to the extreme to take care of my teeth. If you or anyone you knows needs a periodontist, he is the man you need to see!                Lisa 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	0	My wife had peridontal surgery that took 35 minutes and the charge as you can see is $755.00. That works out to $1294.29 per hour. 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	I recently had implant surgery with Dr. Gettinger and am completely happy and satisfied with the entire experience. Dr. G. demonstrates a great deal of knowledge about implants, about the history, and about the most current methods of this procedure. Prior to this surgery he takes all the time needed to carefully explain what will be happening, and during the procedure he explains what he is doing which I find so very helpful. I had a lot of apprehensions before meeting with him, however after consultation meetings I became comfortable about proceeding. I fully recommend Dr. Gettinger, and would absolutely return to him for future help.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
64	1	I wanted to thank you and your staff  for a pleasant experience this past Monday/Tuesday.  I can't tell you how nice it is to enjoy a meal today. It is the first time in months that I have been able to chew without discomfort. Although, I am not sure what lies ahead of me and the longevity of my teeth, I am trying to remain hopeful. To think three dentist later, including one who was going to sedate me to do the scaling and to have the procedure performed without needles, is remarkable.  Your hygienist was sensitive, comforting and professional. I have been brushing, flossing and gargling  3 times a day and hope my next visit will be positive. I have even cut back to 1/2 a pack of cigarettes and hopefully by the time my next appointment rolls around (11/30) I will be free from this addiction.     THANK YOU!!!!!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
64	-1	This periodontist did not diagnose my fractured tooth. He blew me off when I told him my symptoms. He was rude, arrogant and stated that my bite was off and proceeded to sand down my teeth a bit. I had an abscessed tooth,which was fractured. I was on an antibiotic for it and he said I could stop taking it. It was a good thing I didn't. I went to another DDS who said it was an obvious fracture which resulted in pulling the tooth. This resolved the problem.I'm waiting to see the bill. Would not recommend this dentist.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
65	1	I highly recommend Dr.Georgeu. He is knowledgeable, patient and personable.  Dr Georgeu and the staff really do care about you! Outstanding office in every way!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	I have been going to Dr. Greber for over 14 years and she is the most wonderful chiropractor you could ask for. She listens, truly CARES, she is an angel in this world. She has always been there for me.  I started out with so much pain I had tears in my eyes and now it is like I do not have a problem at all practically.Your going to love her. She will help you! Ginger 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	Good experience after shoulder surgery, no pain at all.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
67	-1	He gave my wife more Anesthsia that required and he spends less time (That should be problem) She did not come out on time .    He is not a good doctor to got to 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
