dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
4	1	commentsThis is the fist Dr I found that listened to what I had to say and not tell me what I was feeling. I had no money to pay and she saw me anyway. She is awesome. I like the fact that she makes sure your not a drug abuser. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	 Dr. Yanni is by far the best provider I've ever encountered.  I've been with her for about 4 years and consider her a staunch ally as I battle add and depression.  She even treated my mother for free before she died.  She posesses all the best characteristics of a great dr...  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
4	1	 Dr. Yanni is a kind and responsive doctor who really LISTENS to what you tell her and always answers her phone calls the same day.  I've had PTSD for 6 years and she's the first MD (and I've been to several) who doesn't force me to try or stay on meds that I don't feel are working for me.  She is from England so don't expect her to act like an American.  But if you want someone who is kind, polite, and truly wants to help you get better and will take the time to do so, she really does care.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
4	-1	commentsSought another physician immediately after leaving her office.  New MD made me feel validated.  Did not like her manner 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	 This woman is a robot. She has no personality and makes you very uncomfortable. She misdiagnoses and her prescribing methods are horrible. She will leave you in the air if you can not pay. She was a waste of time.  		5	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
24	1	 Dr.Yoburn is punctual, professional, and comprehensive in his up-to-date treatment approaches. He and his colleagues work together on difficult cases to provide best treatment protocols and drug combinations to benefit the patient and keep side effects at a minimum. I'm very happy with him...particularly with his knowledge about most rest &quot;trials&quot; and &quot;Tests&quot; and medical journal articles. He's on top of his game and I recommend him highly.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$10
26	1	 I've been going to Dr. Yousuf for over a decade. He's always been very friendly and courteous to me and his staff is always attentive and helpful.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Delta DentalPaid/Co-pay:N/A
27	0	commentsI had to take my child to another doctor because we waited two plus hrs. For her.  My son has anxiety and doesn't love doctors.  She was kind to him but waiting two hrs is unacceptable.  So I moved to an am appt. and she was 45 Min. Late and we were the first appt. 	5	1	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
27	0	 I'd say she is a good doctor but not knowledgeable enough to know that her husband fools around.  	4	4	4	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
27	1	 Dr. Younes is very personable and friendly. I feel that she really cares for the well-being of my child and she goes above and beyond in her services. She took the time to fill out applications for my child to be a part of the Make a Wish Foundation and we got a free trip to Disney World.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
31	1	 Very professional, respectful, caring physician with current and up to date medical knowledge. Takes great care to see his patients at the exact time their appointment was scheduled for giving full attention and explanation of proposed plan for diagnosis and tretament. I no longer live in RI, but remain Dr. Yess' patient for the quality of medical care he provides as well as for comfort and trust I have in his practice.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
31	1	 I have had doctor yess now for over two years.He is very efficient,personality a plus.he doesn't leave anything to guessing.I am 73 years old and have health problems and if it is not in his field,he will send you to the right doctor.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
32	1	.  I have moved away from Rhode Island but he us one of the best doctors you can find today 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
36	1	 Dr. Yipp is a very good psychiatrist. I have been with him for about three years. His practice is extremely organized and convenient. He has great availability and I feel secure within the Butler network.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$25
40	1	commentsCan not say enough good things about Dr. Yasigian. I have been going to him for my children's care for many years. Whatever illness they have come down with we could always count on him to make them well again. Thanks Dr. Yasigan. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	 WONDERFUL PEDS DOCTOR!!! I saw him until I was 19! Now I'm pregnant and you can bet my baby will see him too.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Harvard-PilgimPaid/Co-pay:N/A
40	1	 Always makes himself available day, night, weekends.  Has been there for my children always.  	3	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
40	1	 Great doctor, not too hip on antibiotics, no one likes to overuse them in this office which is great!  Very intelligent and personable.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
40	1	.  they are very good at getting back to you even after hours and hollidays 	4	4	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
44	-1	comments 	3	3	2	1	Insurance:Unknown
