dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	The best doctor I've had since separating from the Armed Forces, prompt, friendly, and caring. I would trust him with my life takes the time to figure the underlying issues. Knows when and what treatment is necessary. I never feel like a appointment is routine.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	0	rude staff .... felt only # on slaughter line, was more interested in discussing none issues related to appt. 	2	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	He's simply the best!  I drove 3 hours there during college (hometown), and now my husband goes there, too.  Dental assitants, reception, &amp; hygenists are all fantastic. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	Everytime you need to call a nurse they send you to a machine and the nurse never calls you back. In order to get a referral i had to leave several messages for the nurse, after receiving no phone call back. I then had to call and talk to the office manager. To get a appointment with belinksi you have to call months ahead. She does not see patients the same day no matter how sick you are. I had flu and strep and still had to go to the after hours clinic because she couldnt get me in.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
6	0	this doctor was very unperfessional. during the exam i caught him making faces behind my back.  		2	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Dr. Benjamin has always been helpful dealing with my illness for 8 years. When I needed surgery outside of his area of work, he gave me referrals and helped me with absolutely anything I needed. He always answered pages from the emergency line within 30 minutes, but usually within 5-10 minutes. He was always available and I never had trouble getting in appointments at his office. Yes he moves quickly, but he will talk to you if you want to talk. He is incredibly smart and thorough, and one of the best doctors I've ever encountered.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
7	-1	In our opinion, this doctor isn't willing to go the extra mile to diagnosis.  Patient had issues w/ severe dizziness since very young (sometimes preventing them from getting out of bed).  Symptoms didn't  fit standard causes.  This Dr. was unable to diagnose &amp; didn't take any time outside our short visits to consider the case.  When asked for a letter to excuse the patient's absences (from work/school), this Dr. could have said he was not comfortable doing that, but instead he wrote a damaging letter that all but called the patient a lier, saying there was nothing found to be wrong and the patient shouldn't be excused.  Meanwhile, a lot of research on our own has lead us to believe the patient has Migraine Associated Vertigo.  I am not a dr. but if I can discover this, why couldn't the doctor trained in that exact area&#63;  He needs to stay current with what is going on in the world, be professional enough to not write accusatory letters, and put a bit of thoughtfulness into the practice. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Dr. Benjamin is simply the best. He diagnosed me with MS in 2008. It was devastating with three small children to care for. Through it all, he has been a great source of valuable information and comfort since. He TRULY cares for his patients.  Good doctors are hard to find and I am so blessed to have found the BEST! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	-1	this doctor was very arrogant, does not feel for the patient as well as does not care to listen, will continually interrupt you and rushes through the exam.  and just leaves you there until someone comes and tells you it is time to leave.  	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Anthem
7	1	I have migraine HAs, had MVA with disk rupture c4-c5.  Dr. Benjamin has been outstanding through it all. He listens well and is attentive.  He calls me with results of tests and I don't get the &quot;run around&quot;. He seems to do what's necessary but doesn't order tests by the boatload. I'd recommend him to anyone.  A++ 	 9/15/09	5	4	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
7	1	I highly recommend Dr. Benjamin. He has treated my MS with the utmost compassion and professionalism.  Absolutely one of he best! 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Dr. Benjamin was extremely helpful with my migranes.  He read my MRI and returned my phone calls immediately.  He gave me a whole bunch of sample prescriptions to try for free, and when we found the perfect one, he made the effort to get it pre-authorized with my insurance so I didn't have to pay an arm and a leg for it.  When it was time for me to relocate, he made the extra effort to type up a letter for my new neurologist so I wouldn't have to go through everything again.  I never waited more than 10 minutes after I walked in for my appointment.  He is very friendly and personable.  His staff always returned my phone calls and were very helpful.  I have recommended Dr. Benjamin to many people.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
7	1	May 2003 changed oour life-Dr.Benjamin was the best thing to ever happen to us!Diagnosed my husbands MS,got us QUICK help and at the same time helped us through a tough time.VERY caring,knowledgeable and willing to give his time! Without him I don't think we would be here today to say...Thank you Dr. B for going above and beyond and putting up with my medical researching and questions on everything ! J. Creasman 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
7	-1	. Had to beg him for a MRI, then he left a message on my answering machine right before a long holiday weekend that he got my MRI results and they were &quot;bad&quot; to call him back asap 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	My daughter has severe migraines and Dr. Benjamin has been very good with her as far as making her laugh and feel comfortable and not afraid. Everything he has done for her has been helpful. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	Very bad attitude. I left in tears. very unhelpful! 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	Arrogant. 		4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	I SO appreciate a doctor that runs on schedule.  Not perfect, of course - how many of us are&#63;  But over several years of visits, I find she's generally on time.  She listens to concerns, thinks about my ideas (like, &quot;is this related to the problem my husband has&#63;&quot;), and generally seems to care.  I wish she worked every day, but the other doctors in the practice cover for each other when they're out.  Never had a problem getting in when I'm sick, even if they're full up.   The office staff could stand to be a little more friendly, but the nurses are the BEST! 	3	5	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	This is the best physician expereince EVER!  Thanks for being so kind &amp; understanding... wanting to know what the problem is! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
9	1	The best gynecologist anyone could ever ask for!  Dr. Dach is caring, interested, and personable. The office staff is friendly and helpful. I can't say enough how comfortable she made me feel after some scary health issues. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Wonderful doctor and staff...have a lot of female issues and they are very helpful and empathetic.   Wonderful practice! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
9	1	Dr. Dach is the BEST OB/GYN I've ever had.  She actually listens and cares about her patients' health.  She has a wonderful bedside manner and always greats you like she's missed you since the last visit.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	I have had personal care and family care with Dr. Bagwell for over 12 years and I rely on them for great dental care.   A+++ from our family experience! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
10	1	Still the best. You do not need to go any where but Clemson for the best 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Great Dentist. Very intelligent. Great work. A true perfectionist. Not bad to look at either. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	I like him as a doctor but every time I have been there I have had an hour and a half of waiting or more.  I'm looking for a doctor who values my time.  	4	1	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	I went to Dr. Behrens a year ago and he immediately ordered an MRI and I was found to have an Arachanoid Cyst around the 7th and 8th Cranial Nerve he refered me to an excellent Neurosurgeon who removed the cyst. I want to say that he is a very compassionate and professional Dr. he explained everything to me. I also just went back to him for some concerns and he agained ordered an MRI and the MRI showed normal. He also did surgery on my husband (he had a benign tumor below his right ear. The service he got from Dr. Behrens and his staff was excellent. I would highly recommend him to anyone needing an ENT Dr./Surgeon.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	dr. behrens treated me and my daughter with respect and talked to us in terms we could understand. the entire staff smiled and made us feel comfortable the day of surgery. everything went just as they said. the anesthesia doctor came and checked on my daughter in the recovery room several times and told me what to expect regarding the anesthietic recovery she was going through and that her experience was normal. just knowing exactly what to expect made me feel so much better. everyone was real sweet. dr. behrens is someone i would recommend to my friends for their children.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	Dr. Behrens' group owns the facility - Surgical Center of Charleston - where we had a negative experience at the end of 2006. He fell short in assuming responsibility to the patient... who was discharged while still in a very unstable condition. she was throwing up when they wheeled her out to the car ... and continued to throw up to her home... this after stating this as one of 2 her concerns (to 3 staff members- including doctor) before undergoing surgery. He also needs to accept responsibility for the anesthesiologist, Dr.Rusty Daniel, who, it appears, neglected to include an anti-nausea ingredient in the anesthesia... despite the patient's serious concern for the inclusion of such an ingredient.  		2	3	4 	Insurance:Medicare
12	1	Wonderful MD! Great bedside manner and very knowledgeable. So grateful that he actually cares about his patients &amp; does his job well. I've been a patient at his practice for 15 years &amp; would recommend him to anyone who asked.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	This is the second year his nurse has gotten my meds incorrect.  Since I do mail order for my 90 day prescriptions, this is quite inconvenient.  Dr. Berglind is very nice and quite knowledgeable. Also kind, caring, and compationate.  	1	3	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	Been a patient of his for over a decade and in the last 18 months or so the quality of service has dropped severely.  He seems to have taken on way more patients than he can comfortably handle.  You used to be able to call early in the morning and get an appointment for that afternoon which is useful when you are sick.  Now you call on Tuesday and are offered the following Monday appointment times.  Unacceptable. 	4	1	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Dr Berglind is a wonderful doctor and I would recommend him to anyone.   Overall, his office is good, but his staff occasionally has a problem with following up on items 	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
12	1	This doctor really cares about you. He will spend the time needed to make sure you understand the diagnosis and the treatment. Kind, gentle, good &quot;bed-side&quot; manner. Have been with him for 14 years. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	AWESOME!! Best in the WORLD!  Love Dr.  B &amp; his wonderful staff! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	Dr. Barron has always been super helpful to us and has always went above and beyond to help my husband with all that he has going on medically (my husband is a harder case and it has taken a while to figure out the medical mysteries there). We are SO THANKFUL to Dr. Barron and I refer him to others every chance I get. Thanks again. The Kaisers 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	I to ad issues with this man less than two months ago. I asked him abou the numbness in my hands. He immediately said it was carpal tunnel and PRESCRIBED a splint! Well, I told him the splint would be useless with a one year old. Imagine chnaging diapers. He siad to try it. And it was useless. I went to Rueben Orr a chiropractor and he says its not carpal tunnel its irritated nerves. Pops my back and i havent had numbness in my hands at night ever since. I also asked him about putting me back on ritalin since i was experience adult add symptoms, he told me to see a shrink for depression, that nobody in the office would even treat me for such a ridiculous thing. I told him &quot;I cant remember where my bank card is to pay you, so whoses sad now&#63;&quot; Never will he get 350.00 from united healthcare or myself again. 	4	4	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	I chose this doctor as my primary care physician. I filled out the health questionnaire as required and listed what was wrong with me as long term illness. When I stayed home from work for the week and called for a doctors note I was given an answer not for what I had. When I asked them why givien my long term illness which can compund a strep throat, sinus infection, etc, they called me back. They said yes I did fill out the form but I should have told the doctor of my long term illness. Funny, but I thought a doctor was suppose to review your chart before treating you&#63; I have a problem with blaming the patient for something the doctor should have done. Also when I went back (I needed the note) they said there was other information I should have filled out, but upon review with their own nurse there wasn't I did fill everything out completely. Extremely dissatisfied. Your doctor should be someone you can trust and not someone that degrades you on the phone as I felt.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
15	-1	I had a terrible encounter with this doctor. I perceived him as angry, disrespectful, and defensive when I questioned him in the least little bit about the treatment he recommended. 		5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Dr. Beckstrom is a brilliant anesthesiogist. I would highly reccomend her to anyone having surgery in S.C. She is as competent a doctor as I have ever seen. Hats off to Dr. Beckstrom!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Dr. Beckstrom is simply the BEST! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr. Belden is patient,observant, and interested with your concerns and/or questions regarding your health.   I am very pleased with having him as my primary care physician 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
18	-1	Dr. Barefield is an ok doctor at best. Her staff is among the worst I have encountered. There is absolutely no communication between doctors, nurses and staff, and their staff is often quite rude and dismissive towards patients. I have complained several times after being met with callous disregard when trying to make appointments, and the same people are always there. They will randomly require me to drive out to the office to pick up perscriptions that they have faxed many times before. Do NOT go to this practice unless you want to be treated like a nuisance, as if the staff and doctors are doing you a favor by seeing you at all. Dr. Barefield could be the best doctor in the world and the staff would still be a reason for me to see another doctor. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
18	0	Yes Dr. Barefield is a great Dr, HOWEVER, the staff is horrible.  I used to go to her but dropped her because of the staff, she informed them to refer me to a specialist, they failed to do so, I had to call back numerous times, and finally went to another CPC to get help, and a good thing I did, because by this time, my gallbladder was only functioning at 8% and could have stopped at any time and killed me.  Also, even it you have the first appt of the day, you are going to be there for like 3 hours, they over book her, which rushes her all day.  They do not follow up there are too many patients for the entire group, not to mention way too many for a single Dr, no matter which one it is.  	1	1	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	. have personal supplement for all deductibles  exceptional interaction with this patient 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
18	1	Br. Barefield is an excellent physician.  She's caring,compassionate and very knowledgeable.  If she feels your illness is out of her scope of expertise she does not hesitate to refer you to a specialist.  I would highly recommend her.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	Amazing physician, terrific bedside manner.  Best Doc I have ever been to. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Extremely knowledgable and very thorough. 	3	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	He is does very well, and is very interested in his job. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	-1	Very arrogant HE thought he was a great doctor. That is not the case at all. He thinks he knows everything. At my first apt they neglected to tell me they don't do labs (draw blood) or admit to the hospital and are not affiliated with any hospital.  Treats his Nurses disrespectfully in my opinion. The whole ordeal was a mistake for me am now looking again for a Good Doctor. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
20	-1	Bragged about how great he was the entire time.  Prescribed medicine that created numerous allergies, when told about it he said &quot;that drug doesn't have side effects&quot;.  He was wrong, it's known for severe side effects, They were life threatning.  If you don't worship him as  the great doctor he thinks he is - you might as well leave the office.  Fortunately I was able to find a doctor who corrected his mistakes. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
21	0	 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Dr Bailey is the best! Absolutely the best, he did a wonderful job delivering my baby.  I would recommend him (and the other wonderful doctors in this practice) to anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	I have been a patient of Greenville ObGyn for over 4 years now and there aren't enough words of praise I could use to do this practice justice. I have heard incredible stories of all the doctors, but I personally see Dr. Bailey. I am a nurse and have been blessed to have worked with many fabulous physicians, but there is no one better than him. I have also had the pleasure of getting to know Dr. Chasedunn Roark and Dr. Price and I think they are amazing as well. My mother in-law sees Dr. Gower and thinks the world of him and my sister's favorite is Dr. Stamm. Dr Ellison is a legend in Greenville and is known to many and as for the other doctors, I know they are each extraordinary and have heard praises of each of them. I met them all in my first pregnancy and never once had a complaint. The nurses are wonderful too and I absolutely love OB coordinators. I believe each of the three offices has a coordinator and this nurse is your contact person during your whole pregnancy and is never more than a phone call away. To be fair in this review, I will say that their phone service is slow  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	I would gladly send my family and friends here.It is refreshing to find a doctor that cares about his patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Assurant
23	1	everone was great, the doctor explained evrything and fixed my tooth quickly and painlessly --nicest dental office in charleston 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Dr. Barrett is very knowledgeable, friendly, and helpful. He really helps with diabetes, high blood pressure, heart disease, and related family medical problems. And he takes the time to manage all active problems each visit. There is a recognition certificate in the exam room from NCQA recognizing him for excellent diabetes care.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	Great Doctor. Patient, Checked all key symptoms. Though Diabetic, helped restore my health. Cared about my weight and lifestyle. Helped me make changes. Great Doctor, great LM Family Practice.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	He may be a great doctor, but if you're overweight that will be the cause of all your problems.  If you have a cold, it is because you are fat.  Headache&#63; Fat.  Allergies&#63;  Fat. If you are at your ideal body weight, he is the doctor for you. 	4	5	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	Doctor is OK, office staff is horrible. No one seems to know anything, billing and questions not handled properly. Just a very disorganized place. You can see it the minuter you walk in or call. 	1	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
26	0	For several years I went there. You have to wonder. So many changes n staff. Staff with no knowledge. Multiple billing errors. Wrong contact lens perscriptions. And no record of activity when your trying out your contacts. I couldn't meet my deductible because my insurance has yet to be billed in a timely manner. So last years is too late to be billed. So know I must seek good service elsewhere.  	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	Our family has been using Dr. Bansil for almost 8 years.  We are very pleased.  While the other rating is clearly reflective of the patients experience, I don't think the negative rating left by the other patient is reflective of what the vast majority of patients should experience with Dr. Bansil and his staff. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	Multiple billing errors.  Repeated attempts to bill beyond the pre-arranged reasonable costs with Aetna.  Avoid at all costs unless you enjoy spending hours on the phone with your insurance company only to have the MD office go &quot;oh we must have made a billing error&quot; repeatedly.  Then insisting that you never paid your copay/co-insurance even though you have the reciept from them proving that you did.  The level of care is ok, but they positively have unethical billing practices.  	1	1	3	1 	Insurance:Aetna
27	1	Use MetLife insurance which covers 100% of my cleaning. Insurance paid $165. I love the staff here and the receptionist is really knowledgeable about insurance. This doctor keeps it real, I will continue going to him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	She was in and out before I even explained all my symptoms to her.  A week later, I'm still sick and she hasn't even given me any treatment options.  I will find another doctor! 	2	4	2	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
28	-1	very quick...like some of the other's said, she is in and out in a flash! i've also thought before that i could just see the money signs in her eyes, and that she is not compassionate in the least. i've been going to this office for 8 years now, and have seen three other doctors that work in the same office, who are all GREAT: dr. cayelli, dr. hurray, and dr. cianciolo. when i have to schedule an appointment, unless it's a dire emergency and she is the ONLY one i can see, i specifically requess one of the other doctors. the staff are very compassionate and knowledgable. i highly recommend the office, just not this doctor.  	5	3	2	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
28	1	Well, I waited a while. But she took me as a new patient for Hypothyroidism and that was good because I already knew what was wrong with me.  Now I am trying to see her for additional probelms like possible RA, MS, Lups or just Fibromyalgia.  We will see how my appt. goes on Dec. 22, 2008.  I'll update this then.  However, my momma pays upfront for her visits with her and she sees Dr. Dorton for about 5 minutes and that is it...  In and out in a flash just like the other person said.  But her staff is very nice and friendly.  I guess it makes up for her impersonaly treatment to her patients.  	5	3	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	-1	if you are actually sick you better schedule with someone else, she could care less and has money signs in her eyes. you get 5 min for 140.00 and walks out without so much as blinking an eye. 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Dr. Bailey is a warm, caring professional that really gets the job done. She is a pleasure! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	He is a great doctor and I look forward to seeing him in the future. 	4	3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	My son has been seeing Dr. Beckish for 7 years now. I have never met a more honest, caring doctor. He has been there for us from day one no matter what time of day or night, or even the state. We followed him from Georgia and would do it again in a heartbeat. I highly recommend him to anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Dr. Bagley has been a real blessing to our family!  I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE her bedside manner with my baby and my pre-schooler!  Looking forward to my teens having their 1st well check with her soon! They think it's neat that she already knows them by name and they've yet to be seen by her, other than when with the little ones at their visits!  Dr. Bagley was extremely supportive after the birth of my first living birth child and all the breastfeeding issues I had.  She encouraged me to make it work, kept a close eye on his weight gain and was sympathetic when she had to admit him at 2 weeks for lack of weight gain.  Through it all, I felt that she really cared about the well-being of my baby, and she shows that she actually loves him more than just a number earning her money!  With my 3 yr old, she has a sweet rapport and truly KNOWS her personally!  Having fostered some-50 children through the years, I've found Dr.  Bagley to be the most caring and personable pediatrician I've met!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
31	1	Dr. Bagley is a WONDERFUL pediatrician.  I have a already been through 3 pediatricians with my 16 month old son, and I feel as though I have finally found the right doctor for my child and future children.  She is quick to see your child, and you do not have to wait forever like at some other offices.  She has a wonderful bedside manner and made my child feel so comfortable, when he usually feels somewhat scared of the doctor's office.  I would highly recommend her to any parent for the care of their child.  She takes time to answer each of your questions and is extremely nice and caring.  She seems to treat her patients as if they are her own family.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
32	1	Absolutely amazing dentist! He did phenomonal work on my teeth and so quickly, too, No sensitivity either, which was a first for me after fillings.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	I've seen Dr. Beard for 15 years and would not dare go anywhere else. He IS a perfectionist in every sense of the word and always puts his patients FIRST. His staff is first class, as is he, and you could not pay me to go elsewhere. On top of being a darn good dentist, he is patient, kind, gentle and good to my entire family. What more could you ask for&#63; Dottie Johnson of Spartanburg, South Carolina 	 5/14/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	Went in for simple filling, and I've had nothing but pain and discomfort since.  I've called the staff and they've shown very little concern, told me to reschedule another appointment after the holidays. Since my appointment on 12-21, I've eaten ibuprofen like candy to tone the pain down.    In addition to the pain, I paid the amount that they told me I owed, and now three weeks later, I'm receiving a bill for even more.  I will not return to this dentist.  (My husband refused to go back to this dentist after his appointment in 09.  Now he drives 35 miles to a different In-Network dentist) 	5	4	3	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
32	1	Awesome dental practice! Was cared for as if I were part of their family. Will definately return here. The staff and the doctor were all very knowledgeable and caring. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Dr. Beard has the best of the best working for him because he is the best (nobody else touches my teeth)! My family couldn't be more pleased with what we have experienced at his office. His staff is fantastic and he has a wonderful way of making you feel at ease when in the dental chair.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
33	-1	My husband had a medical concern, we called and got his service and he NEVER returned our call.  	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	The best children's doctor ever... Friendly Down to earth... Good Doc...  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
35	1	Dr. Baker did my first lymph node removal in my initial diagnosis of lymphoma and I was then transferred to the MUSC unit that specializes in that type of cancer.  She was gentle, caring, and produced an accurate diagnosis.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
35	1	She was wonderful, caring and a dream to deal with 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Dr Ed Behling is caring,knowledgeble and was a Pharmacist before becoming an MD...and has just won the DEHEC Award for being a superb Doctor. So glad he is mine.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	Dr. Ed takes his time and listens.  He does not hesitate to send you to a specialist or for test if needed.  Great doctor and staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	without a doubt Dr. Behling is the most caring and concerened doctor in florence his knowdledge and compassion is awesome 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	Dr. Ed is a great doctor who cares and shows it. There are times when he runs a bit late and you may have to wait beyond your appiontment time to see him. I attribute it to the amount of face-to-face time he spends with each patient. I have never felt rushed to leave or been cut short. His staff is also wonderful-from reception to appointments to nursing, it has always been a great experience. I recommend him and his practice to everyone.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	Very friendly 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	-1	When I last saw Dr. Bauknight, he revealed a side of himself I had not seen.  Suddenly, in a raised angry voice, heard by many outside the examination room, he berated me for about 10 minuets, letting me know he had never believed me when I told him how bad my allergies were and how careful I had to be.  I had no way of knowing this since he never made any comment or asked any questions about the allergies.  In my opinion, Dr. Bauknight was uncaring, very unprofessional and uninterested in finding out what I was dealing with.  One simple telephone call to my allergist would have clarified everthing.  Dr. Bauknight had not been honest enough to even give me a clue as to what he was thinking. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Dr. Bean is a very caring Dr. who even ask about the rest of the family. He takes care of you not just your illness. He takes the time to answer all of your concerns and makes sure you understand whats going on with you. I like the fact he talks to you and not at you like some doctors do.As a family doctor I couldn't think of anyone I would ever trust as muchas I do him. His staff is allways friendly and helpful. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Been a patient of Dr. Bean for 25 years.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	Smart,astute,kind,listens, he is the best, 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	Dr. Babecki has completely changed my life! I used to struggle with migrane headaches, and now, with his help I have not had one in over 3 months.   He has helped me get HEALTHY!  I am so grateful! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	Dr Barnhill is my Mother's doctor and has been for years.  He is not only knowledge and up-to-date in the medical field he refers her to specialists when she's had a problem.   My family loves and respects Dr Barnhill 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
43	1	AWESOME DOCTOR AND STAFF!!!  I have been a patient since 2006 or 7 - gets to know his patients not a 5 min script and out - very personable.  Answers emails, staff most helpful in efficiently running the practice and helping you get in when it's urgent.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	I totally DISAGREE with the previous rating. I understand that not every visit to the doctor is a pleasant experience and that's at any office. But Dr. Barnhill is a very caring doctor and his office staff is hardworking and willing to help the patients in anyway. Compared to the staff in the rest of the building I would rather deal with them when it comes to my and my family's care. The nurses are very caring and willing to help with anything I need. And the front desk ladies are very hardworking also. When I have billing/insurance questions, they help me and if its something they can't help me with, they give the info I need to contact someone that can. I recommend this office with HIGH STANDARDS! 	 5/21/10	4	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
43	0	Runs patients through rooms like cattle through a shoot. There is no possible way he can analyze a patients medical needs in 10 minutes. His &quot;good ole' country doctor&quot; values and care a obsolete. Current staff is the worst I've seen.  	1	1	1	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	Dr. Benoit is a great chiropractor - very helpful, practical and not into making you go in for unnecesary visits.  He also listens to his patients.Can't say enough good things about him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	I was assigned to Melissa Bennett. She scheduled surgery without any explaning the severity, cause, or possible outcome of my condition. I naively assumed she would address the severity  and risks/expected recovery of this surgery.  It did NOT! Instead, she continuously ignored my questions. I  received no information to questions I asked and wanted/needed to ask. After the surgery, I had a hard time healing.  When I came to my appointments asking her questions about what I should expect and how hard I should push myself, she ignored them - and even walked out the door as I was asking her information!  In short, post surgery, I was in pain constantly despite reporting my condition to her; I had to take extra time off work despite asking her advice on balancing post-surgery work-load and rest (and exercise); I had 1/2 a year of unexpected lower activity level that Dr. Bennett didn't tell me about even when I asked. Hindsight, I don't think my surgery was even necessary.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
45	1	Melissa Bennett is absolutley the best. She is caring, knowledgable, punctual and she listens to me. I would never see anyone else. She has taken care of me and my children for about ten years. My daughter who is in college about one hour away told me today that she wanted to come back to Greenville to get her medical care from Melissa Bennett. Melissa is thorough in her physical exam. She asks lots of questions and does not mind telling you what you need to hear. She is the gold standard for quality healthcare. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	was kind to us when newborn was in hospital. didn't talk down to me, was knowledgable and compassionate toward me and my child.  	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
46	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	-1	This practice and this facility are a nightmare to deal with.  This doctor cannot remember you or anything about you.  Very rushed in and out, cannot understand what he says since he mumbles and talks so fast.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	0	Went to this dentist for convience sake bc i live close by, wont be back. I needed a recement on a crown. The person who scheduled my apt was curt to the point of rudeness, and also didnt think to tell me that teeth shift very fast so i should come on right away. When I arrived for my apt, right on time, there was a roomful of people waiting, including a delivery man, and phones ringing. A sign said it was lunch break...evidently they take lunch more seriously than clients. Felt especially bad for the delivery man standing there for 15 minutes. The dr was cordial enough, and the offices were nice inside, but i never felt like i was treated warmly or kindly. Thumbs down.  	3	4	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	very good 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	I have been utilizing the medical sevices of Dr Bailes Family practice for approximately ten years and my experience with this family practice has been nothing less than pleasing.  I drive a distance of twenty miles to visit this facility, even when there are medical facilities close enough  to my home that I could very well walk to the nearby medical practices.  Nevertheless, I will continue to rely on Dr. Bailes as long as he practice medicine for I find he and his staff always very patient and concern with my medical condition. To be blunt Dr. Bailes is a great physician in my opinion based on my experience with other medical facilities including surgeons and specialist.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	0	I agree with almost every other reviewer here and have experienced many of the same problems with this doctor. I found him to be dismissive of my concerns and quick to conclusions. He seemed eager to medicate but appears frustrated by real discussion. His nurse is even worse. Every time I have ever spoken with her made me feel uncomfortable - as if I was a bother. On my most recent, and last, visit I was literally talking to Dr. Bailes as he was half-way out the door of the examination room. I've found him to be uninformed about the severe side-effects of the medications he was prescribing. 	2	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	At first I loved this dr, but the older I get the worse you are treated here. This dr also has a problem with women.  He treats my husband with much more respect than me.  He treats you like whatever is wrong with you is your own fault.  I've been on a rx for over 20 yrs and he's never changed it despite the lab results being different everytime I go. He also makes you come back every 4 mths or you can't even get your routine rx.  His staff treats you like you are such a bother and like you've ruined their day.  They say they are a Christian practice, but by their attidude they give Christians a bad name.  It has gotten worse in the last couple of years.  I am looking for a new family physician.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	I have been going to him for almost 20 years and I think he is taking less time listening to my problem and answers to quickly, he listened more when I first started going to him 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
50	0	All this man does is type on lap top computer......I felt like I was interferring in his day.  	2	2	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	Plan on being in the 1st waiting room for a hour or so and then the 2nd waiting room for 1/2 - 1 hour and then in the actual room for maybe 30 mins before anyone sees you. The doctor only spends a few minutes with you and then you pay and leave.  	2	1	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	been seeing Dr. Bailes since 1995...love him very much...he is a Christian and knows the scripture..he is also very caring, through and knowledgable and cares about me.  I trust him and his practice... they are a busy practice but good sound Christian MD's you would expect them to be right&#63; 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
50	-1	THIS MAN DOES NOT LISTEN TO YOU AND HE JUDGES YOU BY WHAT MOOD HE IS IN.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
51	-1	He mocks his patients when tey tell him they are n too much pain to work. he`ll send you to back to work only to be sent home again. Waste of time.... 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	Dr. Ball and staff are very friendly!  We were treated with respect and left with a lot of help and anwers. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	Takes a lot of time with patients. Great nurses very smart and caring. I would recommend to anyone with difficult problems who need answers. Up to date with recent medical issues. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	Very good with children and adults. Answers all questions and takes time with his patients. Would recommend him to anyone with allergies or asthma. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	Great Doctor and staff. Wonderful with adults and children.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	0	I want to make it clear that Dr. Bass has been my Doctor for a long time. Once upon a time, he was a great Doctor. AND, he is stll a very caring and compassionate man for his patients. The problem is that his office is REQUIRED to see &quot;x&quot; amount of patients each day by the SYSTEM they work for; so with the rushing you in and out of the office, like &quot;herding cows,&quot; now he dosen't have time to LISTEN to his patients anymore. Also, you can call the appmnt. line, an it ring and rings,and no one answers. You ALWAYS have to leave a mesage for his nurse. You NEVER speak to her. I recently went to him because I'm very ill, and don't know the cause. THIS illnes has been going on for a year and a half! I can't go on like this! He was literally walking back out the door while I was still trying to tell him... &quot;THIS is not the same old problem!&quot; I'm sicker now than ever and on my own trying to find a specialist before I die! 	2	4	4	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	-1	terrible judgemental doctor, asked me why i even got pregnant and if it was planned.   i am married with a good job and pay my own bills, she was just awful, ive had 2 other children, she is by far the worst ob ever 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	-1	This doctor plays at helping patient while refusing to understand thier limitations and obstacles due to painful neuropathy... his staff is polite but very Nosy and sensitive,,, they get too personal and I asked to speak to Baxley who instead terminated our business because I was uncooperative with his staff... My request had been to speak to my doctor, not his lackies multiple times.  My issue is personal and my right to privacy must be honored which apparently is a foreign concept to mr.  Baxley 	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
55	1	My husband has been a patient for 6 years or so.with a Parkinson's related condition.  I go with him to appointments, so I can say that Dr. Baxley is very interested, compassionate, and helpful.  (There was one unfriendly, unhelpful receptionist for a while a few years ago, but everyone is nice now) 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	The doctor was helpful and knowledgeable.  The problem that I have is responsiveness from his office and nurse. 	2	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
55	0	The doctor and his staff showed no concern for my elderly parent in pain, and would not see her for three weeks from when the need arose.  	2	2	2	3 	Insurance:Medicare
55	-1	Took a long time to return results of tests. Three weeks for an MRI. Never returned phone calls, even when I was in distress with pain. Misdiagnosed my condition twice.  		3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
56	-1	he removed a cyst and he forgot the antibiotics after surgery. then he blamed me for the infection after admitting he couldn't get it all out.  not worth the time and money 	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	He has done a beautiful job of repairing two hammer toes and three bunyons through surgery.  He doesn't engage much in casual conversation because he is focused on your foot health.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
57	1	Dr Bell has been taking care of me for about 5 years.  When it is time for my next visit, I get a letter in the mail asking me to call for an appointment. I have always been treated by a respectful and caring doctor and staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
58	-1	she was the worst Dr. I have ever talked to - she was the dr. at the hospital in Spartanburg for my mother and the most belligerent dr I have the misfortune to talk to - she needs some lessons on talking to the elderly! 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	I would like to commend DR.Baveja for his exceptional care and professionalism in helping me deal with my situation. Thanks once again.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
59	1	I am happ yto know we have ahand full of physicians who actully know what they are doing and not just ordering multiple labs and testes on the patient. Dr Baveja is a one of the FEW I respect and commend 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
59	1	. Dr Baveja is a very thorough and complete physician with great bed side manners! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HIP
59	1	I have multiple meical problems and was seen by doctor Baveja recently, he takes time to explain each and every detail of my problems and treats eveyone alike!!I am very happy with him and would reccomend him without any hesitation.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	I would like to thank Dr Baveja for the excellent care he has given me and helped me through such a difficult time in my life. He is very kind and compassionate. We are lucky to have him in Greenville. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	-1	Symptoms were dismissed. She acted as though her diagnosis was mae before she saw me. Used information from Emergency Room patient file to make judgement without all of the facts. Explained the purpose of an emergency room and what they can treat. Encouraged me to stop using an important medication my specialist had prescribed and told me take one that gave me more of the symptoms she suspected me of having. Saw my PCP next day and she refuted the diagnosis. My PCP listened to my symptoms and did not make a quick judgement. CT Scan showed aspiration pneumonia. If I had followed the advice of this Doctor, I could have ended up in serious trouble. I spent an entire evening feeling like a dumb hypochondriac. I'm glad to know everyone isn't looking for a quick answer.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	-1	dr treated patient with disrespect because in  ER with no ability to pay. Ignored questions and walked away while patient was trying to ask a question. went in on call room and did not come out until patient was discharged. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	Dr. Battisti is very knowledgeable, has a great bedside manner, professional. I wish all docs could be like this! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	0	Dr. Barksdale's office and nursing staff are the least professional individuals that I have ever experienced.  It is not unusual to wait more than 45 minutes past your appointment time, and the office staff is rude.  if you have time to wait and don't mind being treated poorly by non-medical personnel, then he's your doctor.  	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	I think Dr B. is the best, very caring and easy to talk to, great personality, lots of medical knowledge. Great nurse. Very helpful staff...  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
61	1	The most caring Doctor I have ever known. He always has a smile and remembers your name, even if you meet him at Lowes or wherever he stops to talk with you. He is very knowledgeable and sympathetic of your aches and pains. I travel 30 miles one way on my visits to him. He also treats my husband and mother.  You always have to wait, but the extra wait is well worth it, because I know he won’t leave a patient until all their questions are answered 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
61	1	Dr. Barksdale is one of the best doctors around this area. He is very easy to talk to and is a very caring doctor. I think the world of him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
62	0	He was really nice but I ended up having to get a tooth pulled because he did a bad root canal on me. He missed a root completely. By the time I went to another dentist and she figured out the mistake it was too late to save the tooth.He should have sent me to an endodontist. It ended up costing me a lot more money and of course more importantly my tooth.  	2	5	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	I found my office visit to be very pleasant.  All of the staff couldn't be more accommodating. They were great.  Veronica, Doctor Benner's wife was amazing.  She explained everything that had happened to me, my future recovery.  Fantastic, my wife was very pleased as well.  Thanks to all.  God Bless.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	the best Heart Surgeon in the area.  Very dedicated and kind.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	this doctor found my cancer and had an oncologist for me the same day.he's a wonderful doctor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	This doctor seems very interested in dealing with my problems in a concerned fashion. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	Didn't want to see Dr. Aragon or Dr. Oliver. Last Dr. to try was Dr. Banks. What a good choice. I would have left the practice if he hadn't of turned out to be a good doctor. I really liked him. I will go back to see him. He was very thorough and knowledgable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	Had been a patient here for awhile and current doctor was absent so I was switched to him.  I liked him a LOT!  Nice bed-side manner, did NOT rush me to leave.  Very knowledgable of topics discussed.  (Mainly arthritis and joint and muscle pain.) Would use him again. 	 1/8/08	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	very thorough and unrushed.  Capable and up to date with newest drugs 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	I was diagnosed with asthma when I was 40 years old and had been using Advair twice daily for 13 years. I had developed a productive cough that had been going on for 6 months and no amount of antibiotics were helping. I had just moved from New England so I was tested for allergies which was negative. dr. Beller prescribed sinus nebulizer medicine to be used daily. Within two weeks my cough was completely gone and I was able to stop my asthma inhalers. I have been using the nebulizer medicines daily for about 6 months and have had no relapses and no wheezing. He explained chronic sinusitis very well and it appears that his diagnosis was quite accurate.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	It is a shame that Dr. Beller specializes in Allergy and Asthma and is not a GP.  He is awesome.  Finds the root of the problem quickly and solves the ailment just as quickly.  He is the best, and I am a much better person for dealing with him, and i feel a lot better also.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	I been treated for allergies for over a year by other dr.s but Dr. Beller tested me and found out I do not have allerges.  He started me on other treatments for my chronic sinusitis and I'm doing better.  Very knowledgeable and quick to respond to phone messages.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
66	1	Dr. Beller was awesome! He explained my problem very thoroughly and inspired me with confidence.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	-1	He seems more interested in controlling the doctor patient relationship than controlling patients health.  		3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
67	1	Dr Barker is a wonderful pediatrician.  My children love him!  My only complaint is how the office is operated.  This has nothing to do with Dr Barker, just the disadvantage of being part of a large practice.  If you can get past the negatives of the practice then Dr Barker will be well worth it! 	 4/20/09	3	3	5	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Both of my children see Dr. Beavers. He is an incredible doctor, he listens and my kids feel really comfortable with him. I highly recommend this doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	-1	I'm surprised by all of the rave reviews, because we had very bad experiences with this doctor. He always seemed in a big hurry, and did not take the time to really listen and answer my questions. Once I even had to stand between him and the door, and tell him I was not finished. He also gave my child a vaccine I specifically said I did not want, and in a seperate instance, talked my husband into getting another vaccine for my son, pointing out that he would give it to all of his kids....of course...turns out...he doesn't have any.  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	Dr. Beavers has been our Pedatrician for 10 + years now. All 3 of our boys love him. He is an amazing doctor, and really cares about his patients. We were so blessed to find him, and refuse to see any other doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	Dr. Beavers is the epitome of an excellent doctor.  He has seen my children for 7 years and I would not go to anyone else.  When my son had medical problems, he went out of his way to help and called me at home HIMSELF to relay lab results.  Dr. Beavers is kind, caring, and truly dedicated to his profession.  He never disregards anything you are worried about, no matter how slight, he listens and responds.... a mommy's dream come true! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	Our girls have seen Dr. Beavers on several occasions and he is always easy to deal with and great with kids. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	The first time we saw Dr. Beavers my children opened up immediately to him. It was as if they had always known them and that has been a blessing when it comes to visits. He has always been very patient with them and has also taken time to explain things to me in great detail. I couldn't ask for anything more in a pediatrician.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	Troy Beavers is not only an incredible doctor but an extraordinary person. He has treated my children for over four years and have proven to be dedicated to his profession and his patients. If you are looking for a trustworthy pediatrician, look no further. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Dr. Beavers is a wonderful pediatrician. I highly recommend him to anyone looking for an excellent pediatrician for their children. His knowledge and his attitude are among the best 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	I am a 62 year old Disabled Veteran from the Vietnam War. Dr Bell is my primary care Doctor. Due to her Professional and Caring testing of me, I have been diagnosed with Cancer at a very early stage. Dr Bell was very thorough in referring further testing of me. I have no symptoms and had no idea I had Cancer. Thanks to Dr Bells Professional Care, I am now seeing an Oncologist for treatment. I have non-hodgkins lymphoma due to exposure to Agent Orange while serving in Vietnam. I give Dr Bell full credit for me being diagnosed for Cancer at a &quot;very early stage&quot;. I would highly, highly recommend Dr Bell to anyone and everyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
69	1	Dr. Bell spent an inordinate amount of time with me. Cited many ongoing studies related to women's health to assist me in making decisions. Dr. Bell is an excellent doctor.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
69	1	Dr. Bell is in her early to mid thirties. She is patient when discussing why you're there. Very thorough, doesn't make you feel rushed. Very easy to talk too. Would definitely recommend her to anyone. Great bedside manner! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	-1	Horrible bedside manner. Abrasive and uncaring.  Limited knowledge with current regimens and obviously doesnt research current updated treatments.  Has a reputation for being rude to patients, family memebers as well as other staff in the medical field.  Would not recommend.  Would actually encourage to avoid! 	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
70	0	Not sure I would recommend for geriatric patients.  Wait time for the elderly is excessive.  	2	2	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	-1	Terrible staff.  Everyone in the waiting room was 70+ 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	-1	 	2	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	. Interested , smart , informative 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:AARP
71	-1	 	5	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	My son was born 14 weeks premature. When he was released from the NICU I entrusted his medical care with Dr. Baggett. I have never doubted choosing her as my son's pediatrician since I made the decision five years ago. My son had numerous medical conditions and she cared for him thoroughly. She gave me the encouragement and support I needed through difficult times with my son's health. Dr. Baggett is a phenomenal physician who cares deeply about her patients. She listens to your concerns and never hurry you through an appointment. She has changed offices once and we followed her, driving a hour to and from her office. I would follow her to the ends of the earth if I had to. I wish there were many more &quot;Dr.  Baggett's&quot; in the world!!!!!!!!!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
72	1	We have been patients of Dr baggett for 6 years now, and we love her. My son and daughter ask often, mom when are we going to the doctor. Most children dislike their annual visits, but not mine. I know that this is from the quality care and professionalism we recieve everytime we visit. I would recomend this physician to any parent especially new moms to be. She is just great with kids.  I hope she will still be practicing when my grands come along! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	We love Dr. Baggett. Our little boy was very sick the first 2 years of his life. Dr. Baggett helped us through everything. We drive 2hrs to take our son to her. We wouldn't use any other pediatrician. Our son is now 4 and is in very good health. He loves Dr. Baggett. We would highly recommend her. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	Dr. Baggett has cared for both of my children for over 10 yrs now & is fantastic! Very caring, tolerates lots of questions, gives specific, clear answers & info, very professional & calming to a worried parent. We would recommend her to anyone! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Dr. Vickie is the best!  I feel very comfortable talking with her.  She is informative, and will answer frankly and honestly.  I wish all doctors were more like her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	What an awesome doctor! To have a doctor actually listen to you, and be very open and frank, is unheard of today. Dr. Vickie is all of these things.  So glad I found her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	this is a good and caring doctor on time heres what     you say works with you 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	I have had terrible experiences with dentist.  Some felt like they didn't even care about me.  I felt as if I was just another patient but Dr. Bayme is very good dentist.  He really cares for the patient and is very informative.  If you have any questions he is willing to go over and beyond to answer them.  He was one of the BEST dentists I have ever been to and I will continue going there.  Highly recomend to anyone who is looking into investing into there teeth.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
74	1	Fantastic Cosmetic dentist. Highly recpommend. Great saff. Beautiful office! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	-1	I hate this dentist!!! All he cares is money!!! Dont't you ever go to this dentist. It's frustrating...ugh!!! It's better to be careful next time or else you'll gonna pay more /out satisfaction. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	Fantastic doctor and staff. Wouldn't go anywhere else.  Y. Murray 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
75	1	Dr. Baliga was one of my husband's transplant drs. He helped in his liver surgery. The drs. do not pick who goes on the transplant list. There is criteria that has to be met and then a committe makes the decision. He did numerous abdominal surgeries(14 in 8 years) on my husband. He was sleays very concerned and helpful.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	-1	Dr. Baliga was one of the transplant drs. that refused to put my husband on a transplant list till it was too late for him. When they finally did put him on the list and he came thru the transplant they let him throw up in a breathing machine and he died. I got many bills from Dr. Baliga but I have yet to meet the man. And as for as I know the only time he seen my husband was when he was unconscious.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	-1	 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	I trust Dr Bates. He hasn't ever given me a reason not to.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	-1	nothing good to say at all about patient's experience. 	5	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	My husband and I love Dr Bates.  He is knowledgable and eager to assist.  If we have an appt he's on time but if we walk in we have to smtimes wait a while... so what&#63;  He's super and recognizes what is important 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
77	-1	Dr. Bates misdiagnosed me.  After the most excruciating and humiliating rectal exam, he told me I had a fissure when I actually had a perirectal abscess.  He told me the reason I had fevers, fatigue, and weakness along with my rectal pain was strep.  He gave me just enough antibiotics to make me better for about a week.  I ended up in the ER with sepsis.   He was more concerned with talking me into getting the HPV vaccine than he was with my actual problem at hand--which ended up being LIFE THREATENING! 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	-1	The office staff is almost always rude-especially when you call for an appoinment-they always sound irritated. I had to go back twice before I felt my contact prescription was correct. Not a great experience overall but they did get me back in quickly to fix the prescription each time.  		2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	1	Great doctor. He is very concerned for his patients and has a great bedside manner.  Ver attentive 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	This is one of the finest dentist I have ever used.   He cares about people.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	Was referred to Dr. Baker from my insurance company. I drive 60 miles to see him and it is well worth my drive. Receptionist very friendly and knowledgeable about insurance coverage and services. Nurse kind and compasionate. The doctor GENTLE and all around Great guy.  Will continue to see him til he retires! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
80	-1	This dentist did work on a family member who ultimately had to seek out another dentist. The new dentist couldn't believe the poor work done on her mouth. I also stopped going there. I didn't really care for the staff at the time and the pain they put me through, just for a hygiene exam. He's a super nice guy, but I not been impressed with the quality of work. This was over the course of 20+ yrs. 		3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	. Great dentist! Cares about his patients and talks to them as people, not just teeth in the chair! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	Old-fashioned caring with modern procedures. He's a caring, classy doctor who doesn't believe healing has to hurt! If it's teeth - this is the doc who makes them all better.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	I am power of attorney for my elderly dad, who has dementia and cannot speak for himself.  Dr. Beasley saw Dad in the ER when his regular physician was on vacation.  He was extremely kind, compassionate, and competent, listened empathetically to family concerns, and exhibited exemplary professionalism in his diagnosis and treatment.  I highly recommend this doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
81	1	I think Dr Beasley is great. He has been my Doctor for years and extra good Doctor and nicest person.Always walk in room with smile.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
81	1	Can't say enough good things about this doctor. He's not only a great MD, but he's also a good person. He's extremely knowledgeable, personable, professional, thorough and prompt. A rare find thesedays. Thank you John! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	Dr. Beasley saw my son (age 30 at the time) on an emergency basis.  The whole family was impressed with Dr. Beasley. I had been a patient of another doctor for years, because I have had kidney problems since I was 20 years old.  I immediately changed doctors, and I have been very pleased with the out-patient procedures performed on me and the visits made to his office over the last several years.  He is a great doctor.  	 6/3/08	4	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	I had a bladder control problem. Dr. Beasley did a TVT surgical procedure and the results were wonderful (no more problems, after several years). I would recommend this physician to anyone. He is very kind and knowledgeable.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	I found him very helpful and very ubderstanding did more than he had to do calling me himself with results still see him and would not change for any reason.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
81	1	Very understanding, ran a series of tests, and was very cautious before prescribing medications. The office personnel were very pleasant.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	0	I had a very poor experience with Dr. Barlow. I was extremely ill when I saw him and was unable to speak. He had to perform a procedure and would not allow me to have all my questions answered for before doing so.  He was very rough and did not ensure that I was numbed before the procedure.  After he recommended that I have my tonsils removed I promptly searched for a new surgeon. 	3	4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
82	-1	This guy has a horrible bedside manner and he is terribly rough with the instruments.  His hand SLIPPED while he was looking into my ear, my ear with a ruptured eardrum. &quot;Sorry&quot; was what I got. He talked to me in strictly medical terminology while he incessantly flicked an instrument he later used to shove up my nose, which seemed unnecessary because my eardrum was the problem.  He talked over me while I tried to ask questions about my recovery and concerns I had.  Once he responded, &quot;I don't know&quot; when I asked why I'm feeling pressure in my well ear.  And this is the person who would potentially operate on my ear! I left the office in tears, immediately called my primary care doctor to refer me elsewhere.  I would NEVER go back again.  	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	Dr. Bennice was very caring and knowledgeable. Highly recommended! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	he is frank and compassionate. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	I was very unhappy with Dr. Beaudrot's &quot;bedside&quot; manner.  During the third month of my pregnancy I began bleeding heavily and I immediately called his office.  I was given the first appointment for the following morning that happen to be with Dr. Beaudrot.  He was completely unsympathic, dismissed me when I asked questions, leaving me in tears and my husband furious.  After that horrible experience, I refused to schedule any of my remaining prenatal visits with him.   After the horrible experience, I never saw him again! 	4	2	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
85	-1	Dr. Beaudrot is a skilled surgeon, and very good at cesarean delivery.  However, he has said things that indicate he is not familiar with the current research on when a vaginal trial of labor is warranted, and prefers to c-section patients even when they are good candidates for vaginal birth.  Some of his ways of getting patients into compliance with his wishes border on bullying, and he has a very overpowering, bulldozer-like bedside manner.  It's often his way or the highway.  If you know you want a cesarean, he may be one of the better OB surgeons in the area.  However, if you want a vaginal birth, he may turn out to be a roadblock along your way, and a strong force against you.  	 12/6/08	5	5	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
86	-1	I was suffering from postpartum psychosis and she incorrectly diagnosed me with bipolar disorder...8 medications, 40 lbs weight gain, and 1 hospitalization later I finally went to another doctor who correctly diagnosed me and gave me the right meds... 	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	He takes time to explain things, knowledgable and kind 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Very helpful and knowledgeable, alway fast and curtious. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	-1	Dr. Bang's office was completely disorganized.  I went for an eye exam in september 2010 and by the end of october, my glasses still hadn't come in. Every time I called to check on my order, they gave me some story about how they had fired everyone in the office and only had one person working so thats why my glasses were taking so long.  When I finally went in there to try and get the glasses I needed (and had to place the order twice in the first place), they were rude and gave me different excuses about how much it costs for Dr. Bang to send out orders to be filled! I finally just got my prescription and they didn't even apologize! Dr. Bang saw me come in and appeared to recognize me but said nothing to me. They knew who I was when I gave my name. I had been a patient of his off and on for years. I will NEVER go back! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
90	0	 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Placed mind at ease with medical concern; very informative and resourceful.  I know I made the right decision seeing Dr.  Bell 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	1	It is my pleasure to reccomend louis ell M.D., F.A.C.G.who is Board Certified.He gave me superb care during my recent illness.His professionalism and positive attitude were essential in my recovery. He always saw the shinny side of the coin giving me the strength to meet many challenges.  Barbara Yergens 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
91	1	He had a genial staff and did not keep you waiting for long. Unlike other doctors I have seen in the past, he was more interested in your outcome than his income.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	1	This doctor's #1 priority is his patient.  He even called us at 10:30 at night with pathology results he knew we were waiting anxiously to hear. He is very straight forward, professional and clearly seems to know his specialty very well. I would highly recommend Dr. Bell to anyone with gastro issues, and though I hope we won't need his services again, I would return there without hesitation.  He is the type of doctor we &quot;used to have&quot;...not the hit and run type of the younger generation...the heal, mend, treat and show empathy and caring kind of doctor we all crave, especially when facing serious issues, as we were.  God Bless Dr. Bell....certainly one of the top docs in the Hilton Head area.  The only negative is that he is affiliated with Hilton Head Hospital, but unfortunately, that is the only game in town.  I hope he expands his practice to include being on staff at other better facilities in this area.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	1	Was very helpfull when I was away on vacation and provided important medical care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
91	1	Dr. Louis Bell saved my wife's life. He is the most effective and caring doctor we have ever had. He follows up on everything, is caring, a great listener, and most importantly, is laser perfect in his diagnosis and treatment.  He always communicates when there is a concern or to soothe the worries that accompany life threatening and routine situations. He has a staff that share his service beliefs. As a plus, he has a great sense of humor and personality.  We are thankful that we have such a wonderful caring doctor for all matters involving heath.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	-1	TREATED ME OVER 2 YRS., NOT HELPFUL.  HAVE LITTLE USE OF MY ARM WHICH HE SAID WERE TREMORS.  NOT TRUE. 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	After meeting with a different neurologist I met with Dr. Benz. I went to his Murells Inlet office and felt the staff was friendly. I have called a few times and have no problems talking with someone and they were always polite. My nurse was great and the phlebotimist was good too. Dr. Benz definitely was not on time but that is because he does not rush his patients and takes the time to get the full picture. I did not feel rushed, so I did not mind the wait. Dr. Benz listened to me and decide to try a couple of other options with me. He wants to follow up in 3 months which is a little bit of a wait but if there is an issue with blood work or the study he is conducting he will see me sooner. Overall I think he is exploring avenues my other neurologist neglected to do. Definitely give him a try. He may not be for everybody but I think he knows his stuff.  	4	3	4	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
92	1	Very Good.  Really cares about you.  Very knowledgeable in every area. Considerate of your feelings.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	0	The staff is not friendly and if you try and call be prepared to wait a very long time to speak with someone, that's if anyone decides to answer. If you leave a message, you do not get a call back. Very frustrating. The several times I've been in the office, the girls at the desk were just chatting so not sure why they don't answer the phone. Also be prepared to wait. My last appointment I waited in the waiting rm for close to an hour and then 50 minutes in the exam rm. Totally disrespectful to patience and their time. I've almost walked out. The Dr is the most uncaring, unfriendly Dr I've ever met. I'm not looking for a friend when I go in at least he can look at me when I talk. He does try different solutions to your problems but doesnt listen to first find out what they are or what you have already tried. He is VERY arrogant, so if you are ill dont expect compassion. Would never go back. 	2	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	Dr. Benz has become my new Neurologist since I moved to S.C. He is very attentive, knowledgable,& caring. I wish there were more like him. He is also not afraid to get a 2nd opinion, & see what other specialists have to say.  		5	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	1	. Very nice and called himself with test results 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	Excellent skills,, with a wonderful compassionate demeanor and chairside manner. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	I love this woman, and after I have my baby im going to continue to follow u p with her for all my gyn needs! She has a great since of humor and is very down to earth..  I would highly highly recommend her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	Cares about patients.  Pays close attention to problems and considers all methods of treatment.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	Very Helpful, Down to Earth. Knows her stuff!!!!! :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	She was the best doctor I've seen, ever.  She spoke to you, knows her stuff.  She has a since of humor.  She asked plenty of questions, and was able to answer all of mine.  Her staff was nice, and as a new patient they got me in within two weeks of calling, unlike any other office I called that were making appointments a month out.  I highly recommend her.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	I have been very pleased with Dr. Benson with how she cared for my wife with her hysterectomy.  She is very caring, competent &amp; down to earth.  She has a good way of being frank &amp; comforting at the same time.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
96	1	I love Dr Benson!  She takes time with her patients and really listens to them.  You may have to wait a bit at the office before you are seen but it is worth it for top notch quality care.  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	Dr. Benson is a very caring OB/GYN. She goes out of her way to make you feel comfortable. It does take a while to get an appointment as a new patient, but it is well worth it. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	. Excellent doctor! Very supportive! He overseen my newborn baby in the hospital and he was fantastic! I strongly recommend him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	Dr. Baker is a wonderful doctor - he truly cares about my son and my family.  His genuine nature and sincere concern are complimented by his professionalism and knowledge.   I'm so glad we found him!  Thanks for being you, Drew!  Piper, Jed, and Tooker! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	Dr. Baker is a wonderful doctor! We are so lucky to have found him when we moved here to Charleston.  His office also has extended hours which is extremely convenient! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	. Fantastic doctor! So caring and understanding! Very knowledgeable too! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	My 3 month old son saw Dr. Baker. He was absolutely the best doctor I have ever met. He was patient, nice & listened to my Husband & myself. The staff at the office was not nice.  	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
97	1	Great doctor, very helpful and kind. Seems to love what he does.  Thanks, Dan, Holly, and Evan 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
97	1	Drew Baker may be the best pediatrician I've met. He's very knowledgeable and caring. He has a brand-new office in the Village at Pelham complex. They use all the newest technology. They can even send your prescription to the pharmacy before you leave the doctor's office. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	-1	This doctor missed the diagnois of a torn muscle even with the signs of swelling and pain.  He treated it as a sprain.  My intuition was that it was because I was obese.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
99	1	Dr. Barker specializes in LMC Occupational Medicine. I was sent to her due to an injury sustained at work. She is professional, knowledgeable, concerned and compassionate. I cannot say enough good things about her or her treatment of me. I would highly suggest if you need this type of doctor, this is the doctor to see.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
100	1	This doctor is by far, a genious.  Its very common that doctors have to go in surgery - if they are surgeons (as I read prior comments).  This man has done so much for me, I could never describe.  At 25, I had already had 1 spine surgery and was in an accident after that.  I had pain in my hip, leg and back.He said he wouldnt be able to fix all three, he did!!!  When I was in his office having my backbrace removed I suffered a stroke.  The man rushed to me, and made sure I was stable, sent me to the ER where I received prompt treatment.  He saved my life.  Last year, in October, at 29 he operated on my neck and I have never been better!  This man is the reason I have my life back. I spent my 20's in pain, and he's given me a second chance.  He is a true hero and I could never repay him for all the miracles he has given me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
100	1	Dr. Bailey repaired my spine after I suffered a fall. I am 100% recovered after being in pain &amp; intensive care. He also did spinal surgery on my elderly father when other surgeons refused him due to his age (even though his physical condition was good).My father had been in terrible pain &amp; Dr. Bailey removed that from his life by performing that surgery. Lastly, our good family friend had undergone a complete botch job at a local spinal facility &amp; was in so much pain he could only get up 1 x a day to take a quick shower &amp; then he lay in bed because standing made him almost pass out. He was actually wanting to die b/c the pain was more than he could take. I told Dr. Bailey's assistant about this situation;they worked him in quickly.X rays showed the pins in his spine hadn't even been secured to anything &amp; other problems. Bailey agreed to do corrective surgery (which was 16 hrs.)Today, this friend (who I saw 2 wks ago) is completely out of pain.Bailey gets my highest recommendation.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
100	1	He was never there, always in surgery or out of town!!I saw maggie his asst/a joke..I honestly can`t say i`m better or worse. But it was a ride i don`t care to ride again!!Just maybe because i was M/Caid i did`nt matter!! 	3	3	3	4 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
100	1	Dr Bailey has done three successful surgeries on me and I am about to schedule another one due to arthritis in my back. All these have been at different levels. He is the best and I feel blessed to have found him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
100	1	Dr. Bailey did an amazing job.  My back pain was debilitating but he was able to find and fix the problem. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
100	0	Very unapproachable.  Not a hands-on physician.  	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
100	0	 	2	1	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
