dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	very nice staff and very nice doc; very friendly 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Dr. Kalo has taken excellent care of my mother throuh many joint surgeries.  He is caring and compassionate! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Had a knee scope done to repair a torn meniscus. He took the time to explain the injury and the procedure to repair it. Was on crutches one day and only had to take three pain pills following the surgery. Now ten months later I have had no problems.   Thanks Doc 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
3	-1	Peg Kelsey was my husbands therapist first then mine and eventually both. I often wondered about the contact by texting and the fact that my husband called her at home. Have been seeing another therapist since the end of December. I just recently asked him about this kind of contact. He said it is 100% unethical.  	 2/20/12	3	3	1	Insurance:Aetna
3	1	I personally have needed years of psycho therapy and I will say that Dr. Margaret (Peg) Kelsey, is without a doubt the most caring, understanding, Psychologist I have ever seen.  She has been my lifeline for years.  I would highly recommend her to anyone needing to talk to someone about their life circumstances to reach out to her, because she is truly a wonderful person to work with.  I admire her extreme dedication to being there when you need her.  	 7/18/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
4	1	Outstanding Dr. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Dr. Konkimalla is one of the best doctors. She listens to the patients problems and treats well with always a smile on her face. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Dr. Kallemeyn is an amazing physician! She responded swiftly to a concern that arose during my delivery, and calmly assured me that all would be okay, while explaining to me what was happening...all with a smile on her face. Any questions or concerns I have had that come up, she responds quickly. I would recommend her to anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Great Doctor.  Wonderful bedside manner.  She did a great job with me! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Dr. John Knecht is one of the best doctors I've ever seen. Very knowledgeable about a number of different health ailments. The only times I had to wait for him was during an emergency.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	-1	I would not recommend this doctor to anyone. 		2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Very skilled surgeon.  Did Mohs surgery on me and results where excellent.  Highly recommend. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	I had the unfortunate opportunity to see this doctor. This doctor totally insulted me about my stature upon my arrival as I was not tall enough to jump up onto the very tall bed. She insulted and belittled the medical student who was shadowing her right in front of me. She told me that a fellow doctor in her clinic misdiagnosed my condition, even though the other doctor had many many more years experience. She stated my condition was simply in my head and there was nothing wrong with me after a 10 minute physical exam and no further testing. Upon exam by other doctors I can assure you she was incorrect in her diagnosis. I would never recommend this doctor to anyone I care about. Save your money and take it elsewhere even if you have to travel to do so.  	 4/24/12	3	4	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Excellent care 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Dr. Kerr is very caring and understanding of his patients needs and takes immediate action on the patient's requests.   Ardith Davis 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	Great Dr, was very professional and helpful in al aspects of my case. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Dr. Kwan was very attentive after surgery in the hospital and later at follow-up visits. I know I am in good hands. I am happy with the results of my breast reconstruction surgery. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	0	http://www.sanfordhealth.org/Doctors/Search&#63;sear... 				 	Insurance:Unknown
13	0	This doctor was arrogant, rushed and gave me all but 3 mins of his time. I was in for a lump on my neck which he quickly and nonchalantly told me he thought it was cancer. He seemed rushed and irritated that I had questions and concerns. Zero compassion whatsoever. On the way out, his nurse that was in the room when he told me he thought I had cancer said (with a big smile), &quot;have a nice day!&quot;. I was just told I likely had cancer and was being treated like I was in for a sinus infection. 	1	4	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Dr. Kenny saw my toddler for sinus and ear issues and he was wonderful.  She ended up needing surgery and he spent a lot of time explaining everything to us.  I would definitively recommend him to others.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	Very good surgeon when it comes to sinuses.  Gets to the root of the problem and helps you get past it.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
14	1	Outstanding doctor and wonderful w/ children.  Not a negative thing to say!  Sad that we are moving and now have to find a new &quot;dr. krell!&quot; 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	I have lived in lots of urban areas and was amazed to find a top notch pediatrician in small town SoDak. This doctor is AMAZING. When he first met my daughter, he noticed this spot on her ear that I had asked doctors about in the past (with no answers), and he immediately asked if she had kidney problems (she did) and started explaining how that little mark can indicate a kidney problem. If we had him back when our daughter was a baby, maybe it wouldn't have taken a huge infection for doctors to find the kidney problem!! That same child Dr. Krell felt was autistic (about a year later) and while I didn't believe it (and neither did the birth-to-three professionals at the time), time has proven us all wrong and Dr. Krell correct. My now-five year old daughter is fully autistic, limited speech and unable to communicate even basic needs. So, he saw it at 2, the rest of us saw it at 4. I can't recommend this doctor highly enough! He's also great with my other kids and welcomes my questions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
14	1	We've raised four kids, two boys and two girls and Dr. Krell is the best pediatrician we've ever had. He is very calm and in addition to his excellent medical knowledge, he uses a good dose of common sense. He is also the doctor for six of my nephews and three of my nieces. A couple of my nephews have hyperactivity issues and Dr Krell has explored every option that keeps them off meds. It's working too, as lifestyle and parenting changes have helped the boys. In my 24 years of parenting, I can honestly say, this is a very fine doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
14	-1	Seemed very friendly, but at the end of my child's session, he told me that my child was autistic and I needed to get him tested.  Testing showed he had no signs and the professionals all agreed that he wasn't.  	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
15	1	Dr. Karu is a gift from God.  She is brilliant and kind. She takes her time to listen to you and your needs. I would highly recommend her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
16	1	From the time I was met at by the front staff, to the wide varity of choices in frames.   I felt like everyone I came into contact with cared about me and my health! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Dr. Kusek is very helpful and his staff is always very friendly.  I never have to wait for him and he always tries to keep my cost down. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	I have been with her for 3 1/2 years now.  She delivered both my kids.  She is great, I trust her and she takes great care of me and my kids.  Love her. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Excellent doctor.  I am so happy she is my doctor.  She not only treats me when I am sick, but she also is good about keeping me healthy. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Has matured a lot in the last couple years.  She is a kind, smart, knowledgeable and caring doctor.  I recommend her all the time.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Tricare
18	1	I am also shocked at some of these ratings.  Dr. Knutson is one of the best doctors ever.  Granted, the first time I went to her she wasn't as friendly but after several years we have a great relationship.  She is smart and is willing to investigate things that you typically wouldn't guess are causing symptoms.  I've cried to her many times and she's listened and been respectable and compassionate.  If you don't like her the first time, at least give her another try - she is an amazing doctor. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Very caring, and takes time to listen.  My kids love her, and I feel she provides excellent care.  I would recommend her highly to anyone.  She is tops in my book. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	Always made me feel like I was an idiot for bringing my child in, even for a well baby check. She always rushed us out and usually just seem to guess what was wrong. I would never go back or send anybody to her! 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Dr. Knutson is so patient and kind, I would recommend her to anyone.  My kids are sick a lot and she never makes us feel like our visits are unjustified and often asks our opinion regarding treatment options.  I feel very comfortable with her.  Her calmness in stressful situations is soothing.  She has helped us through many illnesses and always gets to the bottom of things.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	I can't believe anyone would be unsatisfied with Dr. Knutson!  She has always treated me with respect and never acted like I was wasting her time.  I left a Dr. like that to find Dr. Knutson so empathetic, caring, and when she felt I needed a referral to a specialist, she did.   I expect that!  In my book she is tops!!!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	Don't believe the previous reviews!!  I have been going to her for 3yrs. and only think of her in high regards. She has the best bedside manner and will always take time for you no matter how bad her day has been.  She is on time, remembers you and your family members, is very knowledgable with your medical questions, and has compassion for her patients.   I would recommend her to anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	-1	This Dr has the worst bedside manner of any I have seen.  She makes you feel like you are wasting her time and your questions/concerns are a joke. Would not recommend to anyone.  	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	-1	This doctors bedside manner is not friendly. Some of the things I asked her to look at she referred to another doctor even though I had the name of the prescription I needed and she agreed with me they were necessary, but she refused to treat what I needed.  	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Coventry
19	1	Dr. Kovarick is a neonatologist.  My first daughter was admitted to the NICU at birth.  We had a different neonatologist at first but got rid of him and asked for Dr. Kovarick.  He took the time to answer our questions and even waited while we worked our way through issues and found more questions to ask.  Very attentive and down to earth.  When pregnant with my second daughter, I made sure that Dr. Kovarick would take care of my second daughter even if she was not admitted to the NICU and he did!!!  My kids really like him. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Very pleasant, professional and compassionate.  If you need an orthopedic surgeon, he's the one.  	 3/24/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	Dr. Kadrmas is compassionate, caring and very knowledgeable in his field.  We would recommend him to anyone who needs an orthopedic Dr.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Great Care and friendly personality!  I really felt that I was being cared for, and had such a wonderful experience. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Always long wait to see doctor for oral exam up to 45 minutes have walked out more than once after teeth cleaning because of wait for dr to come wont be back again 	2	1	2	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	I've had a lot of dental work done with Jay.  Overall the experience had its good points and bad points but I am very pleased with the end result.  He's late sometimes.  He's usually in a hurry.  Sometimes it would be better to give the novocaine another minute or two if you know what I mean. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	You can reach him anytime on his cell phone. Very caring and nice. WARNING, Don't go to his sister Tammy, his partner, complete opposite. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	She can be really nice sometimes not so much other times.  She can be kind of nippy with her staff.  I don't care though, I don't have to work with her.  She does a decent job on my teeth.  When I have a concern she is very helpful.  One thing about her though...she has a quirky personality.  She asks off-the-wall questions and says weird things sometimes.  You really notice it if you have to sit with her for a few mins waiting for novocaine to kick in. 	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	She is excellent and caring. I am feeling the best I have felt in a long time since seeing Dr. Koch.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
25	1	I am very thankful to have Dr Krie as my Dr.  She has put me at ease from the 1st day I met her (which is hard to do as I am an anxious person).  Very considerate and VERY knowledgeable.  I feel like she really takes the time to listen to my concerns, something you don't always get with Drs.  I would recommend anyone with a breast cancer diagnosis to Dr Krie.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
25	-1	She was very helpful and caring in the beginning of my diagnosis. By the time I started chemo she was very RUDE, UNCARING &amp; DISRESPECTFUL . She spent most of our office visits chewing me out. Her fill-in Dr treated me more then she did. This Dr was VERY Caring &amp; Concerned for me and has helped me the most during my breast cancer visits! I feel Dr. Krie overwhelmed me with kindness in the beginning so I would choose her n the facility to treat my Cancer. And I believed once Dr Krie felt I gained her trust, is when Krie's attitude twords me went negative! I thank God every day for Margret (fill-in Dr). She was  the Greatest. I just wish Margret could finish my treatments. . . 	3	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
25	0	During my visit she was more interested in discussing her kids rather discussing my breast cancer. 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	Did not find her very courteous.She did not treat me well. 	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Dr. Krie is very personable and very professional.  We as a family have been extremely happy with the treatment that we have received from her as a physician. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Dr. Krie takes the time to answer all my questions.  Very knowlegable about breast cancer and compasionate about the woman she cares for.  After seeing several different oncologists in the area for consultation, she is clearly the best. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Dr. Krie's professional demeanor and manner is extremely caring and compassionate.  She is very good about educating her patients and keeping them involved in decision making for treatment options.  Her sincere compassion makes patients feel at ease during their cancer journey. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	very &quot;old school&quot; doctor with very antiquated methods. needs to get caught up on his research.  Never suggests anything to help always have to pry it out of him 	2	4	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	-1	RUDE- ARAGONT-UNATTENTIVE-VERBAL ASSUALTING-(ABOUT NOTHING THAT PERTAINS TO YOU BACK. USES HIS TAPE RECORDED AND TURNS IT OFF WHEN HE ASSULTS YOU. HE WANTS TO PUSH YOU TO THE LIMIT. THIS DOCTOR HAS NO BEDSIDE MANNERS.  WAITED FOREVER IN THE LOBBY.  NEVER APOLOGIZED. 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	Went in to see him about my back and he pretty much told me I was too fat and because I smoked that I couldn't have the surgery I needed done.I will never go back to his office ever again!!! 	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Outstanding Doctor! He knew exactly what was wrong and how to fix it right away. He had great advice on how to handle the situation emotionally as well. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Listened to me. No other neurosurgeon would listen. I had surgery and improved instantly after 1.5 years of leg pain. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	Said i needed major brain surgery when there was no need. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Mike is the best doctor ever! He's more than just a doctor, he's a friend. He really does care. I've very far postpartum and he's still there to care about me. We would never choose a different doctor for us! He's very knowledgabe and very enthusiastic. We love him! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Wonderful and caring. Most compasionate Dr. I have ever came in contact with. Very patient! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Very professional, very kind. Loved the care and concern for my family and new baby. A doctor of faith and patient, patient, patient with my questions. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	very nice and easy to talk to. Cares about her patients. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Great chiropractor that doesn't refer you back time and again but lets you decide if you need to come in.  Very caring in all aspects of health.  Have had horrible experiences with chiropractors just wanted repeat business or supplement pushing but not with Dr. Kunz. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Great chiropractor with great skills! If u don't have insurance it's 40$ per visit. Easy to schedule appt, 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Dr Kunz was very thorough and caring throughout my visit. Would definitely visit again! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Took time to ask and answer questions. Took a complete health history. Very courteous and professional.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	Dr. Keppen is a miracle to all of his patients.  He is kind, honest and passionate in his practice.  A true professional and an enormous asset to the organization he works for.  I thank you for my life, Dr. Keppen and staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	this dr is one of the finest i have encountered in my life. i would recomend him to anyone without question. he has a passion for his patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
33	1	Dr. Kemper is the best! She took the extra time to explain things and always made me feel like I was her ony patient. She was wonderful and checked in on me everyday while I was on bedrest and had complications with my first pregnancy. She also came in on her day off to do my c-section! I can not recommend her enough....my entire family commented on how great she was.  Excited to have her introduce my next child when the time comes! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
33	1	Dr Kemper is AMAZING!!!! She never acts like shes in a big hurry, she listens and answer any questions you have.   We love Kemper 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	Dr. Meredith Kemper was amazing from start to finish during pregnancy and birth of our first child.  She is a very caring and knowledgable doctor who TOOK TIME for us.  She listened to all of our questions, concerns, and challanges and provided us with facts and opinions that may have not always been what we wanted to hear, but were truthful and direct.  Again, most importantly she took time for us, asked us how we were doing and truly cared about our mental and physical states.  We were fortunate to have Dr. Kemper be there during the birth process as well and again she was amazing during the most stressful times of labor.  We cannot recommend her enough and look forward to having her as our doctor again should we have another child in the future. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	excellent care. Takes his time.  Kind staff.  Sliding scale 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	good guy 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Dr Kooima has been our Ped for all 5 of our children.  He is so patient and considerate with us.  He is extremely gentle and our kids absolutely love him.  He respects our requests not to use antibiotics unless absolutely necessary and is open to trying alternative methods of treatment.  We are blessed to have such a wonderful pediatrician. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Is wonderful with my son and treats me with respect as a single-mom; my son loves him and is not scared of going to the doctor's office. But, on the other hand, he is VERY conservative when it comes to treating certain illnesses or performing certain studies to get a diagnosis.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
35	1	Very good with my kids.  Calm, reasonable, talks directly to the kids and they love him 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
