dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	-1	Worst doctor of any kind...ever. This man should not be in practice much less receiving patients. 	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Dr. Leis is by far one of the best qualified chiropractors that has ever treated my spinal conditions. I have never been disappointed. He is also a person of the highest standard of integrity.   Tim T., Huachuca City, AZ 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	I like dr.lawton and staff. they were very helpful to me.doctor lawton was knowledge and helpfulness was great.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
3	1	This doctor was very helpful. I liked his prompt and straight forward answers to my questions. This was refreshing to have a physician be honest and explain options in a clear manner.  I would gladly reccomend Dr. Lawton based upon the expereince I had.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
3	1	Dr. Lawton is one of the best Urologist in America. He is rated as one of America's Top Physicians. I thought he was amazing!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	This is by far the WORST doctor on the face of the planet!!  DO NOT GO TO HIM!!!  He damaged me so badly during a &quot;check up&quot;, that I had to go to 2 other doctors to repair his f-up.  It took me 6 surgeries in all to regain about 80% of what I had before I went to him.  This hack job doctor needs to have his license taken away!!!  Not only did he damage me severely during my &quot;check up&quot;, but he was also at least 30 minutes late to my surgery and nobody could get ahold of him or find out where he was at.  He never called to let anyone know he was running late.  They put me out before he showed up, so I don't know when he actually got there.  Then I was in excruciating pain following the surgery, and he wouldn't answer his phones, return my phone calls, or give me any help whatsoever.  Even his &quot;emergency number&quot; he gave me sent me to some nurse that told me he was busy and to just leave a message.  Other doctors have just been in disbelief in what Dr. Lawton did to me.  DON'T GO TO HIM 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	He was very professional explained what needed to be done.  Did the job and it turned out just like he said it would.  Came to see me each day in the hospital and he has a great office staff that is very caring and a very knowledgeable PA.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
4	1	Outstanding bedside manner. Answered questions and explained procedure in terms I could understand.  He was so nice and comforting at the hospital and my recovery has been better than expected.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
4	-1	This doctor does not follow up on your calls to his office after surgery. He let me go two weeks with a rectal infection and told me it was ok to pass blood until my regular appt in 2 wks.  	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
4	-1	After an ileostomy and six months with the doggone thing leaking and breaking down my skin, he did a &quot;revision&quot;, and I went through another six months of hell with the thing leaking and breaking down my skin.  Finally, thankfully, he left the practice, and I had Dr. Vrees from the same practice fix it.  One shot and it was perfect.  I wouldn't have Lagares-Garcia spay my dog. 	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	I cannot say enough good things about this doctor.  He is extremely knowledgeable about his field, but he is also very caring about his patients.  I would recommend him with complete confidence in his abilities.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Dr. Latzka is how a doctor should be.  Not only is he is knowledgeable, but practical and uses common sense. He is the easiest doctor to communicate with that I've ever met.  He always takes the time to talk with you and answer questions.  He is caring, understanding and very pleasant. His evaluations are good, thorough and provides great treatment. He is top notch and I highly recommend him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
6	-1	Very bad experience. Told me everything was fine, whereas in fact I have a substantial problem,, which another doctor uncovered. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	I have been going to Dr.Lindaberry for years, he is a very good doctor, he has compassion and is caring, he takes the time to sit and talk with you. I also think his staff is great. I know that some times you might have a longer wait , but he does take the time to go over things with you and make sure you are ok, this is why I dont mind waiting . I like everyone in this office. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	The doctor was fine but the office staff was not very friendly.  I found out from a friend though that this doctor uses a company called Omega Medical Solutions to do all the medical billing.  This company sends all the work to a company in India.  The company in India receives all my personal information so I will never go back nor refer anyone.  I will tell everyone I know about the billing because I think it is wrong not to tell the patient (me) about this before being seen.  Also, we do not need to send anymore jobs to other countries.   I will always ask if the billing is done within the doctors office from now on! 	2	3	4	5 	Insurance:Medicare
7	1	DR. LINDABERRY WAS VERY NICE TO ME AND HELPED ME ALWAYS. HOWEVER, HIS STAFF, WITH THE EXCEPTION OF LYNN, WAS SO SORRY I CAN'T EXPLAIN.  THEY WERE THE REASON I LEFT THIS DOCTOR.  SHOULD THE STAFF CHANGE I WOULD DEFINITELY GO BACK TO DR. LINDABERRY.  	1	1	4	4 	Insurance:Medicare
7	1	Dr Lindaberry is one of the best doctors that I have found not only here at the beach but the other places I have lived as well.  I have been a patient of his since before he opened his practice so that should say something.  I see 6 other specialists since I have various different problems and he is the center for everything.  All the doctors pretty much report to Dr. Lindaberry to let him know what is going on.  I need certain tests done on a regular basis and the staff is up on making me appointments when it is time to have the test done and then they let me know about it.  I would recommend Dr. Jefferey Lindaberry to everyone that I know.  The wait time to see him is worth it.  He is normally late due to seeing emergencies and taking the time with his patients.  He does not rush out.  He will answer any questions you might have and the office staff is fantastic as well.  	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
7	1	One of the best doctor's I've seen. Takes the time to listen and then respond openly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	doctor is great!!!!  office staff neeeds classes in customer service.  	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Dr. Lindaberry has been my primary HMO for the past two years.  I can tell you from my experience that I am very pleased.  He does take the time to listen to your medical problems and tries to give you the help needed.  The staff is helpful and a special thanks to Lynn and Kathy. For those that are complaining about wait time - well I have never had to wait too long - sometimes I am called within just a few minutes.  	5	3	4	5 	Insurance:Tricare
7	0	Three times the staff has prescribed to me a medication that gives me a terrible allergic reaction.  I am also asthmatic.  Thank goodness the pharmacist caught it.  	1	2	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	I have to disagree somewhat with the previous review. I've been seeing Dr. Lindaberry for 3 years and I have complex medical problems. He is very knowledgeable and up-to-date on the latest medical news. I will agree appointments are not the best. You can wait quite a while to be seen but since the last review, he has another doctor working with him that takes care of the walk-ins so the load on Dr. Lindaberry has eased. Another reason for delayed appointments is Dr. Lindaberry takes the time to listen to the patients complaints, and answer all questions.  	3	2	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
7	-1	I would not use this doctor for your family practice. When you have an appointment, please allow 2-3 hours wait time due to the fact that this practice takes walk-ins and over booking appointments. This practice does not have the capability to handle patients of record and walk-ins. 		1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Highly recommend 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Dr. Legerton is very knowledgeable and explains conditions well.  He is willing to say that he does not have all the answers (with lupus, no one has them).  You may have to wait for your apt. but he is worth it.  	3	3	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
9	1	Dr Legerton is good.  I do feel dismissed at times, but he does seem to care about patients and he is knowledgable.  The biggest problem is his office staff.  If you need a copy of your records, or have a question about insurance, good luck getting to the right person to talk to, much less a straight answer.  And if the office staff makes a mistake, they do not take ownership of it.  The interoffice communication is bad and it is not being corrected. It is being defended.  	2	2	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	GREAT Doctor...he has really helped me with so many issues I have encountered having lupus since 1989... I hope he never leaves SC!!! I am so pleased with him that I drive 3-4 hours one way from upstate SC(Gaffney) 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	I like Dr. Legerton, but he seemed to dismiss or ignore mine and my husband's questions.  My primary doctor has asked me to get a second opinion, as he is not pleased with some issues that arose.   His nurse is the least friendly person in the place! 	2	2	4	4 	Insurance:Tricare
9	1	Dr. Legerton is the best!!  We're blessed to have been referred to him.  Very thorough and very calming nature.  He spent a great deal of time explaining test results and showed a lot of compassion for us.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Dr. Legerton is one of the most caring physicians I have ever known.  He not only spends time talking with his patients, he listens intently to what they have to say as well.  Although I usually have to wait longer in his office to see him, I don't mind like I do in other offices because I know he is spending time with someone else who needs him too. 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Dr. Lanza is a terrific doctor who puts you at ease very quickly. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Wonderful doctor with a great humor.  Funny guy, excellent doctor and very knowledgeable.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	Used supplemental BCBS.  The doctor spends time with you and gives you a sense of caring, unlike some doctors you see.  He is bright and knowledgeable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
12	1	Thankful to find a cardiologist who will talk with you straight and to the point and not run test for the money but for need.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
13	1	Very late with my appointment.Wrote an incorrect perscription.  	4	1	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	I have seen Dr. Lipsi numerous times over the past 30 years.  He is an excellent doctor, very patient to answer your questions.  My daughter and husband have also seen Dr. Lipsi and we are all very happy with him.  Wonderful bedside manner! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Dr. Leonard is a wonderful doctor!!! He is my 3 year old son's physician and he is just great with kids, he is extremely knowledgeable and takes the time to answer questions he is very personable I would recommend Dr.  Leonard to everyone!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
15	1	Dr. Leonard is a very bright and promising young physician.  He is the best doctor I have ever been to.  He is very knowledgeable about a wide variety of medical issues.  I would recommend him to my family and friends.  He has treated me for everything from a sinus infection to my recent problem of a mass on my ovary.  He has referred me to the best physicians in their fields of practice.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Without Dr. LeBel I would have believed the first Dr who told me I could never have a baby. She worked with me and my husband for 2 years and I have a beautiful daughter now I would never of had without her. I have had 3 surgeries with her and she is extremely caring, always answers all my questions and never rushes anyone. I highly recommend her to any woman looking for a great gyn.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Dr. Lebel is very caring and professional. She takes her time and is thorough in answering all your questions. Her office is a very comfortable environment. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	She is the most wonderful doctor I have ever met!!!! I will sit her waiting and listen to her other patients rave about her. I meet people all the time who tell me she is the best!!  Sometimes I will wait but  it's because she spends time with her patients and NEVER blows them off!!! I love her and she has helped me so much! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Following a miscarriage, my husband and I waited for over an hour in the waiting room.  When we complained we were treated rudely by her assistant - she was very condescending.  These folks are unkind and rude.  When we discussed this with Dr. Lebel she was passive-agressive.  She must be burned out.  We immediately changed physicians and ended up with a great doctor Rebecca Usadi.  Her staff and fellow physcians were wonderful and professional.   Stay away from this practice 	1	1	2	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	She is a very caring, knowledgable and helpful Doctor!!! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	very,very smart man  not sure whats wrong he is the dr. you need to see no matter your age 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	I have waited for 12 years to say this.  My mother-in-law was on blood pressure medicine .  She had an awful cold and was having a difficult time breathing.  He would not prescribe any medication to help with the cold, phelgm, congestion and etc.  Her organs shut down slowly and finely...so did her heart.  If he had been more caring and aware...she might be alive today. 	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	One of the upstate's best doctors.  She is good at managing care of complex patients with chronic conditions.  She has great follow-up and will see you through whatever you are going through.  Excellent clinician.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	Always listens and addresses any concers I may have.  	5	3	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	Best Ever.  Knowledgeable, warm and friendly 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	0	Have mixed experience with FL, but will not be seeing him again.  He scares my son (16 months), and bullied us into MMR despite previous decision (with OK from regular pediatrician to delay for a few months), by inflating risk of mumps and sterility.  	3	1	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	-1	This doctor was very unprofessional in treating my children for strep throat. He told them that children used to die of strep before antibiotics (!) and that if it is not treated, it could lead to heart failure, kidney problems or rheumatic fever...!! When I told him not to alarm the kids, he said they don't understand (even tho they are 7 and 9!) and that it's my job to explain it later. He also did not fully explain the course of treatment and did not give me further follow up instructions for returning to school. His staff was VERY unresponsive . This is the worst experience I have ever had with a doctor. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	We have been going for 6 years and i have never had the slightest qualm. Always a good experience with the whole crew and the doctor is very knoledgable and good with children.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Kind, caring physician. Took care of my four children as they grew up. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	THIS IS THE BEST PEDIATRIC DOCTOR IN CHARLESTON, HES OLD SCHOOL AND TAKES TIME WITH YOU, DOESNT RUSH YOU AND DOESNT GIVE OFF THAT SUPERIOR ATITUDE ALOT OF DRS. CARRY WITH THEM. VERY DOWN TO EARTH.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	The best physician I have encountered. The staff is amazing. I recommend them without hesitation.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
23	1	He is a great physician and friend. My wife and I are very happy to be able to see him and his staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
24	-1	I went in for a consult.and this man is a complete jerk.I was interested in laser and lipo on my face and neck but all he wanted to talk about were my breast implants I had gotten 13 years earlier (not by him)were going to go flat .that they only had a fifteen year life span.when I finally got him back on the subject of why I was there,he said I need a neck lift (5,000.00)that lipo wouldn't help me.(Mind you I am 38 5'7&quot; and weigh 125lbs I have a small amount of fat under my neck and just starting to get a jowl look barely,people laugh when I even tell them I am getting lipo)then he tells me to  meet with estatician to get a line of obagi skin care lotion (500.00)before we do the laser.Any way I think he only wants to do breast but if you are looking for another type procedure I would not recommend.I can't stand him he just comes across as an arrogant know it all. 	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	I would definately recommend him to others. He was great. I had silicone implants, 350cc HP put in. He explained to me all about the pockets and how the implants fit, which helped a lot. I've seen a lot of implants bottom out from too large of implants. He is double board certified and one of only 8 doctors in the country using a study gummy bear implant. I hardly waited at all at any of my appointments. The staff always remembered my name and face. They were all great and I am very happy! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	He is an excellent plastic surgeon. I trusted him 100% and I am 100% Satisfied and happy with his work! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	I love that my breasts look completely natural.  I am very happy with the size Dr. Lettieri chose for me.  They fit my body perfectly!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Very attentive and professional. Results very natural. Staff is helpful and supportive. Great surgeon. Great results. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Neck lift: very unhappy with scar 2.25 inches, otherwise satisfied. Wait time for appt is outrageous - 1 hr to 1.5 hr every time. There is no respect for your time.  Take some work to do! 	2	1	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	-1	I showed photos to him at my consultation and I was led to believe size was a option (until after I paid in full & wanted to go larger) then he refused to do anything larger than a 315cc in the implant we were going with. Which for that amount of money I was spending that size was not worth the cost. But I had already paid in full so I had to stay with him. Then he finally agreed to switch to high profile implants just to get him to go up to 350cc filled to 380cc. Well I was not happy with the size plus one was falling down and to my armpit. He offered after MANY discussions about my unhappiness to redo them for a cost of $4800.00 and would then do at least a 650cc implant&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63; Found a new PS that listened, looked at photos of what I would like to achieve and gave me exactly what I ask for and that was for $4440.00 (silicone implants) and I am NOW happy but cost much more than it should have. My new PS is in Chattanooga, TN 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	did wrong procedure/no comunnication after procedure w/pt or family either, just left the building. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	I am on the fence with this doctor.  But my first visit I did learn he does not listen well.  I told him I had pain on my left, upon exam he felt on the right side.  Of course pushed the Colonostomy but my nurse friend says he is the best.  But when I was in a wreck his staff seem to pass the buck and did not work me in as my other doctors.  Made me wonder what it would be like for future treatment  or visits would be like.   He was nice and punctual. 	3	4	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	I trust his opinion. I've been a patient of his for several years now. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	tight lipped, won't listen...  Thinks he's God, very disrespectful, argumentative, unempathetic 	1	5	2	2 	Insurance:Medicare
27	1	WOULD USE AGAIN IF NEEDED. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	The practice is very busy but I think this doctor takes the time to talk/listen if you stop him to ask the question.  He seems committed to the job, caring, and really listens to the parents' ideas and opinions if you voice them.  I bit quirky... but we can just ignore that. 	3	1	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
28	0	 	2	1	4	2 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	 	2	3	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	. very thorough and takes time with patients and talks with 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
30	1	I really enjoy this cardiologist over any doctor I have seen. She really seems to know her stuff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	Dr Lewis is the most concerned, listening &amp; knowledgeable doctor anyone could ask for. She doesnt treat you as if you are a # or $ sign, she treats you as though you are her own family member &amp; takes the time to answer your questions. Very thorough &amp; realizes you have medical problems &amp; does her best to diagnose &amp; treat them to the best interest of her patients! An asset to our community. ! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
31	1	Dr. Lewis is very thorough and professional.  She will take the time necessary to learn about the patient.  I feel as though she is actually listening and not going through the motions.  I was very impressed when I received a follow up call at home to see how I was responding to treatment.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
31	1	Dr. Lewis is dedicated to healing and supporting each patient she see. She will spend as much time as necessary with each patient. She researches and diligently seeks to diagnose and treat the patient's ailment. She is also very compassionate but maintains a professional manner. She will work to heal the condition using the least invasive manner and using drugs only when necessary. I trust her completely.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	Nice guy; smart 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	I got a cavity filled a few years ago and it still hurts. They were talking about their swimming pool the whole time and seemed to be rushing. Also the office smelled. 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	Great dr. Great staff. State of the art office and cutting edge techniques.  Love this office.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	Dr. Lockhart is very professional and courteous. She takes time to answer questions thoroughly. The members of her staff, likewise, are courteous, friendly, and professional. I would recommend her without reservation. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	Appointments always on time. Great friendly staff. No problems with insurance being filed timely and correctly. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	Had very limited work done on my teeth and had to secure a loan to pay, even though had insurance. Then was erroniously charged another $300 and put on credit report until complained that this was an error.  Will not go back! 		4	4	3 	Insurance:Aetna
33	1	very professional and helpful staff in addition to outstanding and gentle skills in dentistry.  Exceptional knowledge of TMJ and treatment 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Dr. Leblond is a very knowledgeable, considerate, and helpful doctor.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
34	0	I was patient of the Dr. Lablond. his assistant Cristina Dixon was very unfeeling and I asked to refer me to pain specialist closer to my home, which will be easier for me. Time passed, nobody called, I received all my medical records in mail, I finished all my meds and was in terrible withdrawals, so I called back and make an appointment again. On that appointment I asked Cristina Dixon to refer me to another doctor she said, that according to patient bill of rights they CAN refer me, but NOT GOING TO. they also would not refill my Tramadol, saying that it was prescribed in another doctor’s office, but that doctor transferred my records to their clinic, shouldn’t they do it&#63; And Tramadol has lesser strength. Instead of it they gave me Hydrocodone, 10 mg, one at bedtime, and half as needed, which make me loopy, and I have to work during the day.  it's a pity that doctor as brilliant as Dr. Lablond is surrounded by people, who taint his reputation.  	1	3	3	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
34	-1	Fine doctor until he could no longer get big dollars from my insurance for injections, tests, etc. Then all of a sudden I &quot;failed&quot; a drug test. Claimed I was NOT taking them. Google &quot;false negative urine test for percocet&quot;...you'll see urine tests shouldn't even be used for this drug, only blood tests are accurate for it. Good ole doc whom I had seen for 9 years wouldn't even speak to me - had one of his girls call me to &quot;dismiss&quot; me as his patient. Refused to do a retest. Offered me 7 days worth of meds to &quot;taper off&quot; them. (Now, if he thought I wasn't taking them, why offer me a taper down prescription&#63;) Like you can taper off 80 mgs a day of percocet in 7 days. Yep - real caring as long as he's making money off the patients. Once I was just old and in pain with no more expensive &quot;treatments&quot;, I was dirt under his feet.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Workers Comp
34	1	Dr LeBlond is the best pain doctor that I have ever been too.  He is understanding and listens to your complaints and discusses your options with you.  I have never been happier than I am with him and I have been a chronic pain patient for 18 yrs,.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
34	1	Outstanding doctor,Dr.  lablond is one of the best in the upstate and his nurse libby is awesome, the whole staff is great 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
34	1	Dr.Lablond is one of the best doctors in the upstate,he listen to me,takes his time with me,he has been my Doctor for several years.He is very knowledgeable in his profession,helpful,ontime and has great bedside manner.On a scale from 1to 10,I rate him a 10 on the service he has provided for me.His staff is outstanding.Keep up the good work Doctor Lablond.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	-1	he thinks he's only doctor in the word.he didn't care about patients pain.I know he is pain doctor.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
34	1	I am a retired veteran with 30 years military service. I've seen lots of Doctors in my live and Robert LeBlond is one of the very best. He knows what he is doing and his nurse Libby is just as good and professional. Trust him completely - based on over 4 years of treatment.  	 2/19/09	5	3	5	Insurance:Tricare
34	1	I have been a patient of Dr. LeBlond's the past 5 years.  He is a terrific doctor - one who listens and has been a huge help to me.  It is not easy getting an appointment due to his busy schedule -he is working on this.  I highly recommend Dr. LeBlond! 	5	3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	My wife has been treated by Dr. LeBlond for more than 4 years and he has always done everything he could to help her.  She is disabled, but he always listens to her to determine the issues causing the pain.  	3	4	5	4 	Insurance:Medicare
34	-1	 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	very poor doctor when it come to listening to his patients 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	very good bed side mannan and always willing to help his patients 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone! I was over charged for my xray and my wisdom teeth extractions. I paid 120 for my xray because they said that my insurance company wouldn't pay. A few Weeks later my insurance company sent me a EOB  stating that they paid for the same xray. I also had my wisdom teeth extracted and dr. lawhon office told me that my balance would be 500 after the insurance paid. I couldn't call the insurance company myself because the people at the front desk wouldn't tell me all of the services that would be provided. They said that they didn't know because dr. Lawhon haven't went into detail about it. Being that my mouth was hurting and they wouldn't extract my wisdom teeth, I went ahead and paid. Then I received my EOB that stated &quot;you owe the provider 209.68. So they over charged me by about 300. I called the doctor office many times and they kept saying they would get back in touch with me and refund me but never did. I work too hard for my money. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	i broke a tooth on a saturday night and by monday morning it was killing me.  did a net search and found this doctor.  i called and they got me in right away.  i only had to wait about 30 minutes and they guy was nice and give me a shot so i could get through his exam.  with the pain gone i could think.  after he talked with me he took the tooth out and he didnot hurt me and it was over quick. i would use him again and would recommend him to anybody.  	 4/11/12	4	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
35	-1	Unprofessional, rude staff, doesn't follow up with patients when things aren't going as they should...all the negative reviews say the same thing, while all the positive reviewers act like this guy walks on water. Guess he and his staff are too busy following up negative reviews with glowing reviews to do a decent job. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Home in Florence for Christmas. Cracked molar with infection. I've NEVER had pain like this in my life. Lawhon and his staff got me in--explained my options--and ultimately pulled the tooth. This guy is excellent and I'd go to him and/or send my child to him in a heartbeat. Excellent guy. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	When I went he was running behind, but the procedure went by quickly and I am happy with results.  	3	2	4	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
35	1	i have no idea what the negative comments are talking about. i have never been to a doctor's office that bent over backwards to help me and my wife as much as this office did.  he is in network with my aetna insurance and he is really a nice and thorough doctor.  he does not have one of those better than you or i know it all attitudes.  my daughter loved him and he did a good job on taking out her wisdom teeth.  his office is top notch and completely brand new.  the negative comments i read i truly don't believe.  staff and doctor are really helpful and his is a good at what he does.  my daughter had very little pain.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
35	1	I hav read the negative comments and glad to say that my visit actually went well. When i wen in for consultation that took about an hour and a half. When I came back to get my wisdom teeth out I don't even remember a thing. The last thing I remember was them putting something in my mouth to bite on. I can't even remember how I got in the vehicle. Come of the staff is not very knowledgable and friendly, however Dr. Lawhon was very pleasant to me. I guess you'll have to go to have you own experience. My sister and I went and both had positive experiences and I would recommend him to anyone. 	3	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	I must admit after reading a few of these reviews I was nervous and sceptical about going  to see Dr. Lawhon. The wait time was long but once I got to the back to meet with him he was a very nice guy and has a great sense of humor. He explained my x-rays to me and the next morning he extracted two of my wisdom teeth. Dr. Lawhon and his staff was awesome. They even called me back a few days later for a follow up to see how I was doing that meant alot. It just goes to show how concerned they are for there patients. I would strongly recommended Dr. Lowhon and his staff to anyone who needs there services.  	5	1	4	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
35	1	i can tell you this no other oral surgeon in florence will even come close to this guy.  i normally see a doctor down the street from him because my first child went there.  well no one could see me one day when i was in pain and my dentist called him and him seen me the same day.  he is a part of my insurance and only had to pay my remaining co pay.  he did not hurt me and he was very nice.  this guy help me when no one else would and he is on my insurance.  you other people are crazy and i don't think you are telling the truth.  my other kid got her wisdom teeth out last christmas and she did fine and it did not cost as much as my other kid at thet other office down the street.   i will put up beside anybody 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
35	-1	I had to see him 01/23/09 and he performed surgery the same day. I was in pain all weekend, went in to see him and he gave me more meds and sent me home. I then called the office back 3 days and I never got to see him. I then had to go see another doctor. I went back to see him 02/02/09 & told him that I had 3 different knots along the jaw line & that I could fill a something strap in the side of my gum and inside the socket and was in alot of pain. He then stated that it was either a piece of my tooth or jaw bone and that when my body was tried of it, the body would spit it out.....(I was speechless at that point, I have never heard no such in my life I also have a witness that heard him say this). I was up all night crying because of the pain in my mouth.I called the office back & was told he could not do anything for me. I got to go see another doctor because of the pain & because he will not do anything for me. He is very rude. I feel very mistreated and ripped off.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	I have read all the other comments and I just have not had the same experience. Dr. Lawhon was very helpful and he has taken out all 3 of my children's wisdom teeth. I will tell you that he is the only oral surgeon in Florence that takes or will help you with your insurance.  some people were mad, and i heard them, but it was because they did not understand their own insurance but you can't blame him for that. He is a nice guy and i would recommend anybody to him.  where i work there are a lot of people who have been to him and really liked him and his staff.  i would use him again without even thinking about it. Oh, there was a lot of people there when i went to and the lady sitting beside me said she would only see Dr. Lawhon and would wait as long as it took but i only waited about 30 to 40 minutes after i gave the woman my paperwork.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
35	-1	I have been having pain in my jaw due to impacted wisdom teeth.I visited Dr. Lawhon last March,at the time he was very friendly and very helpful.The office employees informed me that very little of the procedure would be covered.I was advised to change my medical insurance if possible because this type of procedure goes to medical first.Anyway I did that, went back this week once my policy changed.I asked the office employee if I could skip the consult since I was there last spring and nothing had changed,I was told no.I waited 45 minutes for a 5 minute consult.Was charged 110 dollars for that and told the same information I was told last time.I was then informed that my procedure would cost 1883, of which my insurance would cover 400.  I asked to get this info broken down and in writting, so I could compare it with other places.  I was told no, there was no way I could get any of the info in writting, even as an estimate.At that point I cancled my appt.These people are very unhelpful.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	-1	Very rude at times and gets upset when asked questions. Answers you like your the dumbest person alive. Workers never ever know anything. Very unprofessional.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
35	-1	$100 for a three minute &quot;consultation&quot;. When time came for the actual service, he was unprepared(forgot to tell me about a necessary step that required a previous visit). I was anxious all night about getting my tooth pulled, and found out that he wasn't prepared to pull it when I came in. Also, I was scheduled to come in at 1:00, and there was standing room only in his office. One lady wondered aloud &quot;Did they schedule everyone at 1:00&#63;&quot; He is also a jerk. Very hostile, seems to carry a chip on his shoulder. Not the kind of guy that I would want to have near me, much less pulling a tooth. I'm glad I don't have to live with the guy. Find someone else by all means. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	Please, please avoid this oral surgeon, do not take your child to him! 		1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	I HAD A SERIOUS CAR WRECK ON 9/11/05. ALTHOUGH I HAD BEEN TO SEVERAL MD'S THEY REFUSE TO SEE THE DAMAGE THE CAR WRECK HAD CAUSED, (THE TRUCK THAT HIT ME ROTATED MY SPINE!). DR LANGLEY IS USING LASER FOR THE SWELLING AND THE TREATMENTS HAVE HELPED ME MANAGE MY PAIN. I HAVE BEEN UNABLE TO TAKE PAIN MED'S (MY BODY WON'T TOLERATE THEM, I'VE LOST 40LBS SINCE THE WRECK).ALTHOUGH I STILL CAN'T WORK, HE IS THE ONLY DR WHO HAS HELPED ME. PS I HAVE SEEN 6 OTHER DR'S. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	I truly could not say enough good about this doctor.  He is knowledgable, very thorough, compassionate, and efficient.  He is great with children and an all-around exceptional doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	He was very friendly, compassionate, and also took the time to explain things to me in laymens terms. He removed my gallbladder and he called me at home that same afternoon to check on me. Yes he called personally and not one of his nurses. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	He operated on me last summer, and did a great job.  So I requested him when my 13 yr old daughter needed an emergency appendectomy last week!  He was great!  Set her fears at ease and did a superb job! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Very personable, took time to discuss questions, treatment and was available to answer concerns for family also. I would highly recommend.  		4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	Great doctor.  Considers all options.  Listens well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	I have great confidence in this doctor.  I have emphysema and he has been instrumental in helping me do as much as I possibly can. I feel he is very thorough, and explains results of tests to me in a manner I can understand.  Punctuality is very important to me and I have never had to wait beyond my appointment time.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
40	1	OUTSTANDING! Dr. Larue is an amazing doctor. Appointment on time. Very kind staff, proffesional and helpful. Dr. Larues attention to detail is awesome. Also he takes time to listen to exactly your concerns. Above n beyond whats expected of a dentist. The BEST doctor  I've ever known. I would NOT go anywhere else. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	Dr. Larue is a professional and has a great &quot;bedside&quot; manner. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	Very professional, caring and thorough.  I have been seeing Dr. LaRue for many years and he has always been great.  HIGHLY recommend his office.  He explains all of the procedures, gives you options and asks you how YOU wish to proceed and educates you in any procedures that you will be having done.  If you have a question - ask - and he explains it completely.  His chairside manner is great and the entire staff is also very helpful.  They give you pricing information up front to avoid surprises, etc.  I can't say enough great things about Dr. LaRue and his staff. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	over many years dr mark larue' has been available to meet all of our families dental needs. we have referred our personal friends who have equally raved about the service and bedside manor of this knowledgeable and kind man. dr larue stands out like no other in the charleston medical community.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
41	1	I had been sick for over a year, and an Internist sent me to her.  She gave me test and discovered my immune system was gone.  Without her judgement I would be gone by now. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	-1	She was not helpful at all concerning my situation. She offered to research some info for me that might help my condition. She told me that she would contact me  with the info in a couple of days. After a week and a half of no return call, I gave up and did the research myself. Two weeks after my appointment, her nurse finally called with a telephone number. I have been a patient in this practice for almost 2 years and I will be looking for another doctor. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	She has helped me in finding out my allergies, and discovered that my immune system is down.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	She is truly compassionate and spends time with you explaining your situation, the treatment, and actually CARING about you (shocking by today's standards).  I've put off going to the allergist for years because I don't like going to the doctor.  I wish I had seen Dr. Lantz years ago. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	Normaly an hour late, some times close to two hour wait even with an apointment. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	. energetic, informative, staff very friendly and knowledgeable 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
43	1	very friendly and helpful; encourages many other options before surgery 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Dr. Lee has been my dentist since I was a child. He really knows what he is doing and cares deeply about his patients. 	4	3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	I waited over an hour to be seen although I had an appointment.  The doctor kept leaving the room; had at least 3 other patients at the same time.  I noticed, dead roaches in the drop-ceiling lights over patient's chair.  He didn't wait long enough (not even 2 seconds) after placing topical numbing agent to the gums before injecting anesthetic, so I felt the needle going in.  After that, I still felt the drill on my tooth and when he hit the nerve, he acted like I was faking it.  He was very rude to the dental asst who was mixing up the temp filling.  He kept saying, you have to make it look like biscuit dough, you ain't never made biscuits, have you...come on now, add more liquid...etc.  Very demeaning to her.  I also heard (when he left the room again) another patient choking on her saliva in the next room.  He said very loudly, &quot;Breathe through your nose, breathe through your nose!&quot;  I just had him put the temporary filling and left.   I will never go back there! 	3	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	-1	Absolutely horrible.  My son saw him in the hospital where he was unable to help him.  When I tried to follow up with the dr, I was told my son &quot;was not his patient&quot; even though he saw him in the hopsital.  It's bad enough when  your child needs to see a neurologist, this makes it even worse.  I am now trying to get a referal to Charleston or Charlotte.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	Always takes as much time as he needs with me, never seems to rush me out the door as other doctors have.  He listens. He will and check on me after hours if needed. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	-1	Don't really feel confident seeing him.  Does not seem very proactive in his research and care. 	3	3	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
47	-1	Dr. Lentsch does not need to practice in Charleston.   I called three times in one day and by 5pm on a Friday she had not returned any of my calls.  Finally, I spoke to a nurse who called in a prescription to my pharmacy.  I was feeling really bad from a new drug Dr. Lentsch prescribed and needed help before she went home for the weekend. I was surprised that she did not follow up with a personal call that evening to see how I was feeling. She lacks empathy and will not do well in the South.  	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
48	1	Dr. Lewis' knowledge and care for his patients was evident from the very start. He is very thorough and I feel he has my health as his number one priority. I highly recommend Dr. Lewis for anyone with neck, back or shoulder issues. He also is very helpful in the area of nutrition. 	 5/13/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Dr. Lewis is a remarkable chiropractor.  I have experienced grand mal seizures for the past 3 years and I thought that they were something I would have to live with for the rest of my life.  After being on prescription drugs and seeing numerous doctors, I decided to try a more natural route and see Dr. Lewis. Not only did he get me off of my medication, but he took the time to answer all of my questions about nutrition; the benefits of healthy eating, vitamins, and how the spine affects every part of the body.  Together we came up with a full health plan including nutritional supplementation, passive rehabilitation, and spinal adjustments.  I felt a difference after the first adjustment and my episodes have diminished completely.  I would recommend LIFESPAN Chiropractic Centers for anyone, whether it is low back pain, headaches, or for preventative care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	Great Practice for Colonoscopies.  Friendly and efficient staff.  They do lots of colonoscopies every day and have seen everything.  They have a great amount of experience for every situation.  They get you in and get you out in the most effective and efficient manner and give you very useful feedback about the results of the procedure.  I would strongly recommend anyone needing a colonoscopy use Dr Lloyd's practice. J.  Stern 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
49	1	A good doctor you can trust. He is very patient during my almost one year visit with him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
51	-1	This doctor is taking advantage of Medicaid patients or those without money.  He preforms colonoscopies, but is not a Gastroenterologist.  He doesn't even do the work himself.  His staff (most not medically trained EVER) takes biopsies.  His only training was a procedure he did on a DOG!!! I just found out that Gastroenterologists have to go to special school to do colonoscopies.  He has not had this training.  He has even gotten other regular doctors to get on board with him.  His office is not clean and he takes a long time to do the colonoscopy.  I heard it should take about 20 minutes for a colonoscopy and it took him over an hour.  He is a fake and is gonna kill somebody.  DO NOT go to him!  GO to a doctor that went to special school to do a colonoscopy! 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
52	-1	Dr. Lieberman has a one size fits all detox program that includes bullying patients into spending 2-3 hrs a day in 140-150 degree sauna and &quot;exercising&quot; on antiquated equipment. He has a billing process that appears to be brazenly fraudulent. You must scour an indeciperably coded bill to look for all the duplications. 2 other patients there at the time I was, had hundreds of dollars of overcharges on their bill and a petulent, rude office manager to deal with. I was sicker after I left and was shattered. The doctor's response is that it's the patient's fault (we're crazy if we don't get well). He didn't cure my allergies(which they adamantly promise).It was a unbelievable disappointment. As I seek more tx elsewhere, I receive yet another bill after my &quot;audit&quot; which occurred as soon as the dr. found out I wasn't returning. If you have mold poisoning, I urge you to go elsewhere. Those of us who were there together for mold tx were all tragically disappointed. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	Very good Doctor. He was caring, thorough and indepth 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	I'm a nurse practitioner who heard about Dr. Lieberman from a patient who sees my employer. I came to find out he is a leader in “complementary and alternative medicine”. As a practitioner his science and knowledge was what drew me to see him after the initial phone consult.   He used conventional and alternative methods to help me heal. He spent time with me considering all the factors that influenced my health condition and disease, including where my mental attitude played a role. He worked with me like a partnership between patient and doctor in the process. The staff and patients at the center made me feel I was part of a community.   I felt he truly recognized and understood that good medicine should be based in good science while being open to new options. He stressed the prevention of illness as well as the treatment of my disease. He used several natural, effective, and less-invasive therapies in my ongoing health maintenance. Do your homework, I highly recommend him. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	-1	After an expensive evaluation the therapy offered like the testing seemed unconventional. A subsequent opinion with a Board certified Allergist did not agree with any of Dr. Lieberman's recommendations. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	great doctor, especially in environmental medicine 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	I've seen Dr. Lindamood several times for a variety of issues. My experience with him and his nurse has been great. He takes his time with me and listens well.  He is very knowledgeable and answers all of my questions. It's very convenient to go to an office that is running on time. I highly recommend him to other people.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	-1	This Dr doesn't care anything about you as a human being... only numbers. No compassion, no understanding &amp; the last thing he told me was &quot;I have no idea what is causing your symptoms.&quot; Sent me to ENT for 2nd time, &amp; said he would wait to see ENT notes before seeing me back- then had me do labs that day. Just got told I was d/c for non-compliance due to missing lab appt &amp; lab f/u appt!!! Really&#63;&#63;!!! I do not have a thyroid due to Hashimotos/Goiter, so have to be on thyroid meds forever. Also high blood pressure &amp; on 2 meds for that! I recommend staying FAR AWAY from this Dr! He is too young &amp; too new a Dr to treat anything more complicated than a cold, or to treat patients that do not have &quot;easy&quot; dx. I honestly think he d/c me bc he can't figure out what is causing my symptoms, as he made clear at the last appt. BTW- ENT he sent me to said I have arthritis in my jaw, I have tonsil stones &amp; MAY have to take tonsils out if can't figure out whats wrong.  	4	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	0	Dr. Locke corrected my scoliosis through spinal fusion when I was 16. The surgery was scary and long. Since my surgery, I have had severe chronic back pain. His solution to this was to prescribe me hydrocodone 18 months after my surgery. I then developed an addiction. After breaking free from the substance abuse I went back to him in hopes of removing some or all of the hardware to relieve my pain. His solution then, after knowing my desire to not take pain medicine for the rest of my life, prescribed me more pain medicine. He told me I had fibromyalsia and that was the source of my pain. After seeing a physical therapist it is obvious that since the only pain I feel is along the hardware that this is the cause of my pain. I am now in the process of finding a new surgeon that cares and will help me correct dr lockes uninformed mistakes.  	5	2	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	I think his staff is top of the line. they are most thoughtful and informative concerning my daughters condition. As of yet, there are no complaints from us. My daughter felt at ease and well informed about her surgery.this Dr. has passion for what he does. His assistant Kelli, is top rate. We need more Doctors like this man.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
54	1	Our son had a 65 degree left curve to his spine. Dr. Locke was chosen after we walked out of Midlands Ortho. Waited two hours in the waiting area and another hour and a half in the room. Dr. came in and told me if I did not like it too leave he other patients to pay the bills. Dr. Locke's office and staff have been nothing but awesome. Surgery was completed, son has 2 rods, 21 screws and  clips and some wire in his back and was up and around in 12 hours. His post op care has been fantastic and every time we talk to Dr. Locke he takes the time to answer all our questions and is very upfront with our son about his care and what steps are needed for his full recovery.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	0	I had to take time off work to take my son to Dr. Locke. I anticipated a half hour to hour wait. The actual wait was more than two hours. When we finally saw Dr. Locke, he not only offered no apology, but he invited us to leave when I politely asked why it took more than two hours to see him. He then proceded to make snide comments throughout the visit regarding our  wait.  This was our second visit with Dr. Locke and both times he came off as extremely arrogant. That I can ignore. What I can't ignore is the distinct feeling I got that he spoke to me in that snide, condescending manner because I was a woman. Somehow, I don't think he would have addressed me that way if my 6 foot 3, two hundred seventy five pound husband was standing there.  His attitude reflects badly on the Moore Orthopedic clinic and will no longer go to a clinic that employs an individual who speaks to his patients/customers like Dr. Locke. 	3	1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
54	-1	Dr. Locke is a neglectful jerk.  My daughter had a severely broken arm, and needed pins(per Er doc) and we saw Dr. Locke.  He wouldn't look at the xrays or take other ones, and just grabbed her arm up and rudely told her to just move her fingers about 100 times daily, and it would help her arm heal.  Then he scared her and told her that if she didn't do as he said,he would have to cut into her arm and hand about 8 times to fix it, and it would hurt really bad. Then he was rude about anything we said or any question we asked. He wouldnt take us serious. So we found another Dr, and he took xrays and found that she needed surgery to place 2 pins in to fix her arm, because it was so bad. If we would have listened to Dr. Locke, he would have ruined her arm, and she would have limited use of it. He is a caring, insensitive jerk.  Go to another doctor. We go to Midlands. They are the greatest.  Dr. Piehl is great.  Dr.  Locke is an idiot!!! 	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
54	-1	We took our child to Dr.Locke who had been suffering for months with severe leg pain. He was VERY insensitive to her pain and would give her nothing to give her relief.He is VERY stuck on himself and does not have a great reputation with other Dr's in the area. We went one time and after being told by the nurse on the phone to tell my five year old child to &quot;Suck it up&quot; when it came to pain I was DONE!!! She has since seen another Dr and has a serious illness that is causing her pain. She is currently on THREE different meds to treat her pain. And to think he did not think she needed anything!!!! I would choose another Ortho any day over Dr.Locke.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
54	1	very helpful and very great interracting with young patients!!! :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	0	I should have left him when he was upset with me because I wanted to see a specialist for my thyroid. He would say my numbers were fine, but I knew how I felt. The Endo Dr said I was on the wrong medicine. He does not listen even when my other Dr. suggested I have an updated echo on my heart valves. I left after again I told him my heart was irregular due to my synthorid being to high, I had other sym. also. And he again said no I'm just having too much caffine. Wrong again my thyroid med had to be lowered and I'm doing better. I can not recommend him to anyone. 	5	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Dr Leventhal is my doctor for 22 years ..He is simply the best! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Dr Leventhal has been my doctor going on 27 years now and I have to say I highly recommend him and his staff. Very bright and reliable. The best Dr, Staff, and facilities you will find in this state. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Great old school doctor. He really does care about his patients and still acts like he loves what he does.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	I love Dr. Leventhal he is a no-nonsense doctor (I kinda of think of him like a Dr. House) He gives me answers before I shower him with questions. If you are looking for a Doc who will sing kumbaya with you, then move on..he won't.. but he will be straight with you.. and you will leave with peace of mind and isn't that really what it's all about&#63; 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	Dr. Leventhal is definitely a people person.  He was recommended to me by 2 friends that have been his patients for OVER 30 years and now I understand why they have remained under his care.  He is very helpful, spends the time needed and above all is simply a really nice guy.   I am VERY, VERY, VERY happy to under his care!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	Dr Leventhal is old school and is confident enough in his abilities not to cover his behind with lots of unneccesary insurance wasting tests and procedures. I am well informed,very fit, know my 60 year old body and go for advice. Why go if you are not prepared to listen. Plus I would find it hard not to talk down to people who arrived at my surgery grossly overweight, smoking,unfit etc etc etc as has been my observation.Love the followup from Ritty and pleasant office staff. A rarity.  My husband has brain cancer so know what I am talking about there! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	-1	Family use to see this doctor but found another doctor that has the time to listen and does his homework.  Dr. Leventhal just doesn't seem to be a people person and shouldn't be working with patients.  Maybe he should switch to research.  I won't use him anymore.  	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
55	1	Dr. Leventhal has been attentive to my aging parents for nearly 5 years. He has not only shown them compassion and listened attentively to them, but demonstrated professionalism/knowledge in all his treatment procedures. He has been accessible when needed for emergencies. I would highly recommend Dr. Leventhal to anyone as their primary care doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
55	1	Dr Leventhal spent more time with me than any other physician I've seen...and I've seen alot. He showed he cared about me and ensured I received the best possible care. I am so thrilled I found him and I've since sent my entire family and friends. We all agree-- Dr.  Leventhal is the best!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	0	talks bad to the patients and very abrupt with people.  considers that he knows everything and very easy to peu someone on medicine 	3	1	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	Best physician I have ever had. Incredibly thorough, profession competent staff. Well beyond my most optimistic expectations.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
57	1	Dr. Lale has been one of the best cardiologist that I have seen until now. He has been very helpful about my health and heart conditions.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	Dr. Lale is the ONLY cardiologist who was able to diagnosis my condtion. I spent 6 months going from MD to MD trying to get answer. I'm very grateful to Dr.  Lale for his help and his office staff is the absolute BEST! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	I went to several doctors and he is the only one who figured out what was wrong with me - and gave me the proper medication and guidance for continued health.  I highly recommend Dr. Erol Lale.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
57	-1	Dr Lale just does not seem to care about others. Went to him several time and he acts like he knows nothing about me. I love Doctors who care. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	This only thing that this Dr. can offer anyone is his large EGO, he is arrogant. Use cation in choosing this cardiologist, he is not available when a crisis arise! 	4	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	At my husband's 1st vist we weren't very impressed.  Dr. LaMotta must have just been having a bad day that day because he was GREAT every visit after that.  He performed surgery on my husband, repairing two of the lowest discs in his back that were completely blown.  My husband, a paramedic for 19yrs, said he is the first person that has had this type of surgery &amp; ever returned to work.  Others who have had it have either had to go out on permanent disability or find another career.  We LOVE Dr.  LaMotta! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	-1	Staff were not considerate of the pain suffered pre and post surgery. Dr. LaMotta is very nice and friendly but not a very good surgeon.  	1	2	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	Dr. Lattimore and his staff were very helpful to me and my husband while we were extremely concerned about my health. I had not had an internist at the time so I went to him scared and desperate for answers. Although I had not been seen by him for a couple of years he still showed a lot of concern and helped direct us as best he could.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
59	0	 	2	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	Dr. Lattimore has a great &quot;bed-side manner&quot; as it pertains to his patients. He was one of the few doctors who immediately gained my trust, and has retained it through the years. I have been been a patient, under his watchful care for over 10 years and could never think of looking for another GYN to take care of my medical needs. His staff, as well have a very professional demeanor and a very welcoming spirit. They are always very attentive to their patients needs. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	I just love Dr. Lattimore, he has made such a big difference in how I feel. He sat down with me and listened to what I had to say and what my concerns were.                               The one thing I do want to say is I just can't stand to read all these awful reviews from patients that are not happy with most of the doctors that seem to be listed on these type of site.  Sites like this in my opinion are just ways for people to trash doctors they are not happy with.  If you don't like what a doctor says to you, have a conversation, question the advice, don't just sit there like a bump on a log and leave mad and go to a site like this and blast the doctor.  Grow up.....as an adult or a patient you have to take responsibility.  Going to a doctor is a two way street, it is about communication....why not try it. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	0	Dr. L is a nice guy. He is quite personable, but I don't feel like he listens. He did not recommend a very good pre-natal vitamin to me, he didn't respond to my question, and he doesn not communicate well about the procedures he is going to do. Bottom line, I can't trust him and I'm finding a new doctor.  	2	4	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	Wonderful doctor.  Very caring and compassionate.  Takes his time.  He spent over 5 hours in my room with me while delivering my daughter and made special trips back to the hospital to visit afterwards.  I can't imagine going to anyone else.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	I had an emergency c-section by another doctor that used to be in practice with Dr. Lattimore.  I ended up getting really ill after I was back at home.  My hubby took me into the office and he was the only one there.  He very quickly took me back (without an appointment) and handled my case before anything else he had going.  I was immediately put back into the hospital and he himself came to check on me and made sure to do what I needed from him.  He worked very hard to make sure that I was not separated from my baby and he was very concerned with my getting better.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	-1	unsympathetic towards my wifes pain she had to go elsewhere and wound up having emergency surgery. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
60	-1	Referred to Dr. Lipsey for some inflammitory issues that appeared suddenly (leg 5X the size of my other) 1st visit was great, very thorough and she did help me.  Next ones, didn't tell me about any of the results of 10 vials of blood she took BOTH visits and was rude because I told her I wanted a second opinion after she gave me her working diagnosis based on no concrete evidence but processes of elimination.  Put me on some dangerous chemo meds at that.  Lack of communication skills and she actually yelled at me during one visit for misunderstanding about taking or not continuing to take a steroid med mixed with the chemo meds.  Walked right in while I was undressing to pounce on that issue.  Then told me &quot;you start to take 10 per day now&quot;  Uh, 10 per day, I ask&#63;  Well, that means 5 mgs two times a day she tells me in a very snotty tone.  She does NOT communicate well at all!  Good thing I care enough about my health to ASK her the right questions.   I will not be returning 	 12/3/08	4	5	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	 	5	5	5	3 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	Dr. Lasry is a great doctor and surgeon. I had a hysterectomy in August 2011. She took her time answering all my questions. I never felt as though she was rushing me. I highly recommend her, and her staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	I would give Dr. Larsy a 5+rating.  I am not sure what is going on with those who have rated her and the staff any different.  But I am ready to tell you Dr. Lasry did my hysterectomy in December 2010 and she excelled as a surgeon and has the most caring, gracious, knowledgeable, listens to every word, answers each and every question in detail, pre-op and post-op were the best I have ever experienced.  I was new in the area and chose Dr. Lasry to be my OB/GYN .. I am the lucky one to have her hands doing my surgery and the follow up was a 5+rating ... Her nurse April was of the highest quality as was the other staff.  Thanks to the most wonderful doctor and surgeon.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	-1	Very bad bedside manner!!!! Rolled her eyes at me through my exam when asking questions. Continues to INSIST on hysterectomy for heavy periods and I am only 37.  Surgery Happy, uncaring, and rude!!! 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
61	0	I have been going to Car. OBGYN for the past 6 years, and have not been overly happy with Dr. Lasry but I was always just going for regular check ups so I never really thought too much about not getting a lot of attention while I was there. But recently I went to get a pregnancy test. (this is my first pregnancy) The person I talked to on the phone told me I couldn't schedule an appt just to show up.  I waited over an hour to go back, to meet with a nurse, go into the bathroom, come out and wait in the HALL... The nurse came up to me and said yes, you are pregnant, not sure how far along, but since I had just switched over to my husband's insurance she told me that they dont accept it, but to just apply for medicaid. Then that was it, she just left. We never got to ask any questions, talk to a Dr. or anything. Just pay the bill, go and set up your next appt. Needless to say this is the last time that we will go there.  We have already found a new Dr that has amazing reviews! 	2	2	2	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
61	-1	Nurse I had as great but waited almost an hour for my appt.  Then waited for Dr. Lasry too.  Well if you want a doctor without any bedside manner go to her.  Very cold &amp; seemed uncaring.  I will not be returning there.  	4	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	0	She has minimal manners. I was pregnant and didnt feel any movements for 2 days, so I went there and saw her and she put the doppler on and said see, its there! rather rudely.... like I was worrying over nothing. Hello... I'm the thats pregnant and thats why I'm paying you! I love all of the other doctors there, her I just dont care for.... actually after that I insisted I be induced so I could choose the doctor to deliver, because I really did not want to have her. 	5	4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	Very moody and not willing to listen.  I did not have peace of mind when leaving my appointment.  In past appointments she would not give me referrals that I asked for without much argument.  	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	.  	5	3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	Dr. lasry is one of the best doctors that i have ever met and would recommend her and the carolina ob-gyn practice to anyone.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	-1	This is the worst doctor's visit I have ever experienced. I would not recommend Dr. Lasry or this office to anyone. Dr. Lasry is cold and unhelpful. My check up lasted around 10 minutes. I did not feel confident that I had been adequately checked up. The other rater's comments are very accurate and in line with my experience. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	I think it speaks volumes that at 38 weeks pregnant, I am strongly considering changing OB practices. Dr. Lasry/Carolina OB-GYN is so busy that they are unable to treat their patients like individuals, but instead you feel like a number they are just trying to process out (i.e. deliver the baby and collect the insurance). They seem to dislike patients that ask questions or have individial needs/desires for pregnancy and birth. It often feels like they just want you to shut up and trust that they are the &quot;experts&quot; so you should not voice your concerns/thoughts - especially about your body to which YOU are the expert. I constantly feel rushed through my appt's and like I am a disposable patient. Further, Dr. Lasry has very poor bedside manner. At 6 weeks pregnant, I was having complications and she bluntly told me &quot;oh, you're miscarrying...get ready&quot;. It was such a cold comment and very FINAL for something that was not certain...Consider other OB-Gyns...  	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
61	-1	**CAROLINA OBGYN**This has got to be the worst OBGYN practice I have ever been to. Every time I go, I wait at least 1 hour to be seen. Only to be seen for about 10 minutes. I called before my last appointment and told them I was running late, they said that it was ok. I showed up and waited a few minutes before they called me to the desk & told me that they were going to have to reschedule me b/c I was over 30 minutes late for my appointment. Meanwhile, I was talking to one of the ladies in the waiting room and she had been there for about 2 hours and hadn't been seen yet. After this pregnancy, I will NEVER use this practice again. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	I was extremely unhappy with Dr. Lasry and Carolina OB/Gyn. I was unhappy with every doctor in the practice. They were NEVER on time with my appointments, I was always kept waiting, their bedside manners were all extremely rude and uncaring, and when my daughter was born premature at 25 weeks and then passed away 3 days later, when I returned to Carolina OBGyn for my postpartum check-up, the practice was unaware that I have even given birth! (One of the doctors at the practice was there for my delivery!) After my daughter passed away Carolina OBGyn continued to call me every two weeks to remind me of my two week check-ups, despite the fact that I repeatedly told them I WAS NO LONGER PREGNANT! They were NOT helpful and did NOT seem to be knowledgable in their field AT ALL. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	Dr. Lessey was absolutely wonderful. I was not trying to concieve but have been battling Endometriosis for a long time. I also had a right ovarian cyst and through surgery they found I also had appendicitis. Dr. Lessey was so incredibly knowledgeable and extremely helpful in explaining everything to me. He asked me lots of questions about myself and what I wanted and then proceeded with what he thought the best approach for treatment would be based on how I felt. He made me feel so comfortable. I traveled an hour and half from my home to find him and get my surgery done. I would and will continue to see this docotor in a heartbeat! He is one of those doctors of old school thought...&quot;how can I get the patient to wear they need and want to be&quot;. Bottom line, he wants you to feel great and is very consciencious of making sure it does not become a financial burden as well.   There are not enough words to express my gratitude to this doctor and his wonderful office and surgical staff! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	Dr Lessey used to work here in NC at UNC Hospital in Chapel Hill,NC.  I saw him back in 1996, and conceived after 3 rounds of Pergonal injections.  He is awesome... he is the reason my Haley is 11 years old, and here today! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	I've been seeing him for infertility reasons for nearly a year now. He has an awesome bedside manner, he follows my lead with the invasiveness I would like IRT treatment, and his staff is helpful. I have NEVER gone a full day without a call back from the phone nurses or Dr. Lessey himself. Just virtue of the specialty, he is going to be a more expensive doctor to see, and a lot of things are not covered under insurance. You know this when you sign up for treatment.--- Though I am not yet pregnant, I am happy with my care. He is one of the region's experts in PCOS.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	0	He is an endometriosis specialist and researcher; he will try his best to connect his research interests with infertility, using your hard earn money to fund his research. Wasted about $25K with the hope of having a baby, but this careless GHS-professor failed to diagnose major endocrine disease and caused me repeated failures. I bailed out from this careless man, found another doctor and conceived on the first attempt of IVF,delivered a healthy baby. Go to him with a pot of gold. Do your research and find good doctors locally or search for the best doctor in NC. Good luck! 	 5/9/08	3	4	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	Wonderful infertility specialist. Great personality and very sympathetic. He is truly the last of a dying breed. I would reccomend him to anyone who struggles with infertility.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	Excellent doctor that is caring and compassionate. He will most certainly go far in his career. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	Excellent surgeon! Caring, compassionate, and competent. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	This doctor is absolutelyl arrogant.  He dose not listen to the patient at all.  I have had the absolute misfortune of being pushed through his doors at two different times over 10 years apart.  The 1st visit and th last visit were cookie cutter.  HIm talking and listening to himself.  Not listening to the patient or the doctors that referred the patient.  I would not recommend this doctor at all.  I requested my complete medical record after leaving this office but did not recieve a complete medical record.  Either what was released was edited or documentation was never made about treatment.  Bill collectors harrass constantly from this doctor even though all bills recieved were paid.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
65	1	Dr. lamb has been my doctor and my children's since they were born.  I used him as their doctor because the pediatrician went to initially would not return phone calls or maintain appointment times.  I have always been pleased with Dr. Lamb and his staff.  They have helped both of my children through mysterious illnesses and he did not give up until we had an answer.  When I go in to his office, he asks about my family by name and remembers little details.  I would not consider leaving. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	Dr Lamb is a wonderful doctor. I've had serious issues in the past and I've struggled to find an MD who will listen and care. I am very thankful to have found him. Also, while some of the staff is not as overly nice as others, I've never had any problems.  I called this AM with a fever, they worked me in quickly and they called in my RX  so it  was ready to pickup when I got there even though it's only about a 7 minute drive. I do not plan on ever changing  doctors. A.  Parrott 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
65	-1	I generally don't have much of a problem with Doctor Lamb but the staff is a joke other than the x-ray personnel. If you need to get refills on medication, good luck. You must call just to receive a voicemail which you leave your information and then may or may not get it called in. Then you must check with the Pharmacy to try to find out if it was called in or not. Even if it is a maintenance medication, you must go through this procedure each month. I deffinately would look in another direction before considering him as a personal Physician due to the staff.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	1	Dr. Lamb is a very knowledgable and compassionate doctor. I suffer from a rare condition. When the condition began and he couldn't figure out what it was IMMEDIATELY, he sent me to someone who could. He now treats my condition b/c the only specialist is many miles away. He has never made me feel like less of a person or has never talked over my head. He takes the time to explain everything to me and always listens to what I have to say. He is a very rare doctor in this day and time. He truly cares about his patients and takes the time to listen to them and never makes them feel rushed. You can tell he is in the profession because he cares; not for the money.  	 3/4/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	1	A doctor who is not afraid to let you know when he doesn't know and will help you find someone who does. Very compassionate.  	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	-1	Dr. Lamb is arrogant and not that terribly bright. He uses sarcasm to cover up his lack of anything resembling compassion or understanding. His staff is rude, and quite spiteful unless you kiss their butt. (for example mis-setting appointments and making intentional mistakes in billing, aftercare, etc.) I would rather go to a voo-doo witch doctor than trust this man with anything more serious than a hang-nail.  		2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
65	1	Dr. Lamb is young and generally enthusiastic. I have had no problem with his staff. Dr. Lamb seems quite knowledgable but, to his credit, is not afraid to call in a specialist if needed. 		4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	-1	dr lamb's receptionist is a pompous 18 year old girl who has never left her home town yet her opinion of a patient greatly determines the care recieved. She has purposefully and spitefully told wrong appointment times and lost records to get even with those to whom she takes a dislike. Since I am not in the habbit of being called a liar and criminal in childish entendres I am one she dislikes. The chronic pain suffering has already led me to the decision of suicide and her actions make it clear that others will have a bad day as well.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
66	1	SUPER nice guy.  Seems genuinely concerned and acts as if he has all the time in the world to listen to you.   Willing to write prescriptions for me to try new things to help my fibromyalgia.   Treats you with respect and caring.  	5	5	5	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	My GI doctor...a thorough, knowledgable, low-key, SMART, and  &quot;Nice-Guy&quot; Doctor! TRUST is SO important when choosing a Doctor...I TRUST this guy! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	-1	I was told that there would be no charge for the follow up call from a hospital stay.  They billed my insurance and Showed that I came in with a medical problem, which is a lie to collect money that they are not due. All about money.  He is no longer my doctor.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
67	1	HELPED ME WHEN NO OTHER DOCTOR COULD !!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Dr. leslie is a top notch doctor who i use for my practitioner. He has seen me in numerous situations... and ALWAYS is pleasant, listens carefully, and follows up thoroughly with any testing.  He is a VERY GOOD DOCTOR and he is very knowledgeable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Dr. Leach and his staff were so caring, helpful and knowledgable. I saw Dr. Leach for a dermatoligic surgery procedure. I was quite nervous but Dr. Leach and his staff quickly put me at ease. I also felt comforted that I had a doctor with as much experience as Dr. Leach &quot;cutting on me!!&quot; It was not a pleasant procedure but I would definately not chose any other doctor/staff to help me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
70	1	Dr. Levenson is the best, my mom recommended him with my first pregnancy, he was a saint he answered all my question, I felt like I was being heard, he let me know if things weren't quite right or if everything was perfect, didn't feel as if he was rushing me out the door, it seems like he takes the time with his patients, he is also the only person that made me laugh while I was in HARD LABOR, he is also a Dr. that knows how to get the ball rolling, he got on my hospital nurse's case for not having me on Pitocin by the time he got there a few hours later, which i appreciated, he also made the decision in mine and my daughter's best intrest to do a C-section after we found out she was breech. Would recommend him and do to everybody.  Only reason I don't have him with my 2nd pregnancy is a mix up with medicaid and my dad's insurance that i'm fighting, but def go to his office !!!!!!:D 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
70	1	He is very understanding, caring and is knowledgeable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	Pros--very knowledgeable and cautious when treating. I feel very secure in his opinions and overall health care. After by pass surgery, my surgeon  informed me he would not need to send me another dr. as DrLittlefield was a great cardiologist though I think he is technically an Internist. Whatever he is, is fine with me. I am confident his care is as good as it gets. The Cons--long wait. I have to schedule a whole day from work instead of being able to take half day off. You never know if you will wait 1 hour or 4 hours. It is annoying. His staff of &quot;nurses&quot; are just young girls whom he has trained with no real medical experience. They often give me the wrong information and I have to continually call back to make sure meds have been called in. His staff do not always get referrals correct and once again I have to call two or three times to make sue all is correct-but I would not go to another DR.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	0	Physican falsely documented on patient causeing them to be denied health insurance. Physican falsely documented 100s of pages of patient history. Physican then refused to correct documentation also caused patient to pay higher rate on life insurance. Physican doesn't speak clearly, barely understandable.  	1	1	1	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
71	1	EXCELLENT M.D. KNOWLEDGEABLE. NEVER IMPATIENT, ALWAYS PLEASANT. ALWAYS GIVES ME TIME TO ASK AND ANSWER QUESTIONS.  HE IS ALSO A CARDIOLOGIST, GIVES A THROUGH EXAM,UNFORTUNANTLY MINE HAS INCLUDED AN INSERTION OF A PACEMAKER,BUT HE HAS CARED FOR ME FOR 10 YEARS. HE HAS A VERY GOOD BEDSIDE MANNER. THERE IS A LONG WAIT FRON 1 HOUR TO 4 HOURS  THE STAFF EACH HAVE A SPECIAL TASK AND DOES IT WELL,BUT GENERALLY VERY BUSY.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
72	-1	This was one of the worst experiencing of my LIFE!! I understand that drs are on a schedule and have other people that they have to help. But I have NEVER EVER had a doctor tell me to stop telling them what is wrong with me, NEVER have I had a doctor tell me that they dont have time to hear my complaints and that I would just have to pick one or two things wrong and save the rest for another visit!!! I was never asked my medical history and considering I have a mother that has both lupus and graves disease you would think the doctor would have paid more attention to my symptoms. I would NEVER recommend this doctor to anyone I know not even my worst enemy! Thanks Dr Little for the piss poor bed manner and hopefully someone wont die one day because you didnt listen to what was wrong!! I guess she didnt take the Hypocratic Oath.  	1	2	1	3 	Insurance:Coventry
72	1	Dr Mary Little was recommended to me.  She has always taken the time necessary to talk with me and never feel rushed.  I highly recommned Dr Mary to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
72	1	I've known this doctor for 15 years.  During that time, she's taken care of my whole family.  She's always been terrific - not only a great doctor but a great person as well.  Her advice and care has always been top notch.  Excellent primary care doctors like Mary are difficult to find.  Her husband, who also joined the practice a short time ago, is also also wonderful.  I wish everyone I came into contact with throughout the day was this capable and this pleasant.  I couldn't give anyone a higher recommendation.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	I have seen Dr. Mary Little since I was in high school.  She is great for those of us that need our yearly girlie appointments but have no need for an OBGYN at this point in our life.  She has helped me with other medical issues as well (colds, planters warts, etc).  Very nice and her English accent makes the annoyance of having to go to a doctor to begin with more enjoyable.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Assurant
72	-1	When Dr.Little first came to Summerville she was wonderful, very careing.  As years go by she has become short on time and care.  I don't know why unless it is because now her husband is in practice with her.  What ever the reason I no long see her.  She has changed from friendly and sweet to rude. 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Dr Leary is as punctual as can be expected in this type field. Moreover his bedside manner is the best I've ever experienced in a doctor/patient relationship. He's very patient and listens, instead of just writing a prescription. And he offers evening hours by appointment on certain days, very accomodating! 	 3/8/07		4	5	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	I am sad that Dr. Lawson retired.  But he truly deserves it.  What a great doector he will be missed.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	Kind, gentle, a good listener and very compassionate.  Beyond his great bedside manner - targeted and effective medical care! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
75	1	. very knowledgeable, friendly and speaks Spanish 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
76	-1	spent very little time, prescribed muscle relaxer.  Let me go no follow up 	5	5	1	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
76	1	I have been going to Dr Lencke for almost 13 years for MS. He has always been very concerned and has had his staff return my calls very quickly. He is always courteous, thoughtful and extremely caring. He really thinks about your case before changing things. He carefully weighs the options regarding what is in your best interest. He has had an MS specialist consult on my case when he was in the office. I would recommend Dr Lencke to anyone who wanted to go to an intelligent, thoughtful doctor who only considers what is best for his patients. MS is a very difficult disease to diagnose and care for. He does everything in his power to do his best for his patients, but sometimes, like all doctors, it is out of his hands. Dr Lencke also has a wonderful sense of humor which always helps in all situations. I love having him as my doctor and would never consider going anywhere else.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	-1	This doctor is so insecure he cannot handle basic questions that any literate person would ask.  He is so easily offended and his remarks to redeem himself are sad and inappropriate.  Lab results are like lost treasures. When you do get an answer he acts like waiting was no big deal.  His receptionist gave me my lab results and had no idea what to do when I started asking questions. If you are a person who likes to think for yourself, forget it, he cannot handle it.  Money matters to him and that is about it.  He has no respect for others in need and seems to be annoyed much of the time.  He sets the tone for his staff because they seem to follow his attitude, immature and inconsiderate.  The times I have been there feel to me like a SNL skit and it doesn't seem like this kind of care should be a reality.  Stay away from this practice if you want to be taken seriously and treated with any amount of respect or just simply listened to.  	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
76	1	I saw Dr.Lencke today 8/15/11. The office staff was very friendly. I did not have to wait but maybe 30 mins. before I was called back. Dr. Lencke was wonderful, he was very gentle, kind, and answered all my questions. He also took the time to do a complete neurological exam. He explained in detail the possible reason for the problem I was seen for. He also referred me to another specialist to further evaluate the problem. And in the future , should I need to see a neurologist again, I would see Dr. Lencke without question. He took the time to explain every thing to me in terms that I could understand. I would personally recommend Dr. Lencke to anyone who needs to see a neurologist. My entire experience from the moment I arrived was above excellent ! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	-1	Avoid this man at all costs. He is so arrogant and rude. He doesn't listen and is not interested in your health. He acts like you're a bother and wasting his time when it's really a waste of your time and money. He's just a real jerk.  	 7/13/11	1	3	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	-1	I have been a patient of Dr. Lenckes in the past. When I was working full time and had insurance he was the kindest man and genuinely seemed to care about his patient. However, I was disabled in an accident and during a very hard transition in my life had to go on state assistance for medical for a very SHORT amount of time. When I went to see Dr. Lencke, I was in pain, I could hardly walk, and was scared, because no one could seem to figure out why I was falling down, losing my balance and why my legs would go numb for no reason. Dr. Lencke walked in like I was a stranger. He looked at my chart, told me to stand up and walk, got angry when I could not walk the way he wanted me to and then snapped my chart shut and told me &quot; I don't know what you expect me to do, you have no insurance, I can't run any test&quot;. I left feeling humiliated, and more confused than ever. I ended up having a severe neurological disease, he missed.  I paid cash for my 5 minutes and will never go back again! 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
76	-1	Abrupt, seemed to resent questions, non forthcoming regarding results of tests 	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	I was impressed both with the office staff and the Dr.  The office greeted everyone with smiles, they were constantly working, I only had to wait about 25 mins. and when I was waiting for the Dr. in the room it only took about 5 mins.  The Dr. was knowledgeable and very thorough, spending about 15 mins with me, going over medications, my prior diagnosis and scheduled me for an MRI within 4 days and my follow-up appt. within 2 2/1 weeks.  I would recommend this Dr. to anyone seeking a Neurologist.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	0	Dr. Lenke showed considerable interest in my case at first because i am a 19 year old male that suffers from chronic daily headaches and migraines with no OTC abuse or any other normal cause. The first appointment went great, but after i left, getting ahold of them to let them know my medication wasn't working and finding another new one was pure hell. The staff is worthless and rude. The experience i have had with Lenke has been ridiculous. It took me 4 days just to get my MRI result and after that they told me i have mild maxillary sinus disease and did not explain any options to me and said he would let me know what the course of action to be in 3 weeks at my follow up. That seems unacceptable to me and frankly it pissed me off. I would recommend finding someone else.  	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	I have been taking my mother to Dr.Lenke for 7 years. He gave my Mom a new lease on life. He has been amazing!! He has gone well beyond the call of duty with her, even visiting her after hours in the hospital and checking on her at home. It is hard to get in with him because he is such a good physician, but we think alot of him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
76	-1	First of all the staff are the rudest that I have ever come in contact with! They act like someone makes them work for free and the patients are a bother to them! Dr. Lencke is a jerk. He has this attitude like he walks on water. Well he's not better than everyone else I have to say! He needs to get over hisself. He was unwilling to work with me on a solution on my migraine treatment. It was a nightmare!!! I now go to MUSC in Charleston and get much better results and the people are so friendly.It's hard to believe that it's easier getting appointments and RX from Charleston than it is from a local Dr. , but it is. It is worth every minute of my time to drive there and get results!! Dr.  Lencke without your patients you wouldn't have a job! 	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	-1	I have M.S. and Mark was very unavailable when I required an appointment to treat a flare up.  The next available appointment would be 2 months out when I was having a flare up of my M.S.  When I brought this to his attention during a recent flare up he became very rude and defensive.  I was told that if I could not make an appointment he was graciously arranging for me (which conflicted with a college course that I needed to attend) that he would no longer be able to treat me and I would have to find another neurologist.  When asked to speak to Mark about this attitude I was told that he was at the hospital seeing patients.  After pressing the office staff he was suddenly put on the phone in less than 20 seconds.  Very rude and unwilling to work with me at all on an acceptable appointment time.  More interested in $$$ and definately not his patients.   STAY AWAY!! 	1	2	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	-1	I found Dr. Lencke to be very defensive. He did not like it when I asked questions about my diagnosis. He made me feel uncomfortable and unwelcome when I was dealing with an entirely new and scary ordeal.  He gave a mini mental exam and didn't even know if the answers given were correct.   Please login on the left to respond to this rating.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	I recently met Dr. Mark Lencke, and I and my family found him and his staff very professional and attentive. Dr. Lencke has a very good bed side manner, and he helped me stay in good humor about my current health with his quick wit. I enjoy having him as a neurologist, and I found that he has earned the respect of other professionals in the Columbia area.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	-1	While Dr. Lencke helped me with my headaches, his staff is very unprofessional, discourteous, rude and sullen.  You wait for HOURS to see him, even with an appointment.  They don't address you by your title or name, and are very disrespectful.  Its like being in a High School Gym Class.  Getting phone calls returned or prescriptions refilled are next to impossible.  The most important thing in the office seems to be getting your credit card swiped so they can get your payment. 	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
76	-1	I found Dr. Lencke to be creepy and defensive. He did not like it when I asked questions about my diagnosis. He made me feel uncomfortable and unwelcome when I was dealing with an entirely new and scary ordeal. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
76	-1	I saw Dr. Lenke for a facial nerve problem. He didn't know what caused the problem but sent me to get an MRI so that he can further look into the problem. I did not hear from him. I tried to call his office numerous times to get the results but the phone line was always busy. A nurse at my other doctor's office had to call to get the results or else I would not have found out the results of the MRI. I found another neurologist in Charleston who was able to finally diagnose my medical condition. I wish Dr. Lenke would have the courtesy to let me know if he knew what was causing my facial pain instead of leaving me hanging.  	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	The staff is like a bunch of high school kids, discourteous, rude, brazen.  But the doctor is great!  He found a cure for my migraines and its worked wonders for me!   Getting an appointment is hell!  Be sure to ask for free samples of drugs that he prescribes and he'll give them to you and help save you money! 	1	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	Dr. Levinson has been &quot;my&quot; doctor for over 12 years.  I'm particular about my physician choices, and I know that with Dr. Levinson, he will always provide me with the best care possible.  He's trustworthy and an excellent listener. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	I chose this Doctor after being recommended to the practice by the Lexington Medical Center and talking to the staff.  My Doctor and his nurses have been helpful and carring in every way. I have been impressed by the support of the staff from the reception to the referral desk.  Thank you.  I am glad that I moved my primary care to Irmo.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
77	1	He is the best doctor I have ever met. He is very knowledgeable andvery helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
77	1	Outstanding doctor!  I've been going to Dr Levinson for 8 years and I finally found a &quot; doctor&quot;.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
77	1	Dr. Levinson is very knowledgeable and helpful.  He has examined my husband and explained everything to him in a very non-rushed way.  He made us feel at ease.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	1	Dr Levinson is exceptionally personable for such a busy practice.  He clearly listens and takes his time in discussing issues and ensuring a through exam and clear understanding.  His computerized practice is fantastic for its versatility and the quick access to records information and helping the doctor do research.  It also provides electronically submitted prescriptions to the pharmacy, which is a great feature.  His staff is similarly highly efficient and knowledgeable, yet friendly and personable.  I've used this practice every 3 weeks for 5 years and there is none better in the Columbia area.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
77	1	Dr. Levinson is great. He listens, is open to your suggestions and questions, is willing to try new things, knows about everything, stays current on diseases and treatments, isn't jaded, is curious about your problems, is enthusiastic about trying to solve your problems, never dismisses your concerns, is friendly and funny, wears goofy ties, and is a huge Gamecock fan. What more could you want&#63; He's the best doctor I have and have ever had, and will stay with him until he retires.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
77	1	Dr Levinson has very thorough and personable in all the visits since I have been with the practice. I feel very comfortable talking to him about anything medically that,s bothering me. He has time for you. Also, my last two visits, I was cared for by Wanda Copeland and was very impressed with her knowledge and care. This is a great practice.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
77	-1	i think dr. levinson and his office staff suck. my parents go to him and they have a problem almost all the time. it's like &quot;lets see how many patients we can see&quot;. I saw his PA....carlatta or whatever her name is b/c i was having chest pains. i had an EKG, and then she took me to a room to have blood work done (of course she didn't tell me WHY i was having it, or waht kind of blood work i was going to have done), then i had that done, i was then put in a room to schedule an eccho cardiogram which would have meant not only would i have to pay my $40 copay that day, but come back b/c whoever did the eccho wasn't in teh office that day, so i'd have to pay another $40 copay and then another $40 copay the following week. This office SUCKS!!! do not go see them. they are only in it for the money and have no concern for any of their patients. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	Those are fighting words! I've been w/Dr. Ben since I was 19 & I'm 32 years old now. I've seen Dr. Ben go above & beyond other doctors. We chose to make him our family physician, when he took on the care of my grandma, who had to spend the winter months w/us, b/c she couldn't handle the extreme cold of her home. He has taken great care of my parents who have been under his care even longer than myself. Yes, he is in great demand & yes you'll find times when you do have to be seen by his PA, however his PA's are compotent & caring. Due to my work schedule I can only be scheduled for late afternoon appointments which means I see a lot of PA Padgette. Does this upset me&#63; No. She's wonderful & if I ever need to see or speak to Dr. Ben, then she'll grab him up for me. Please don't undermine a hard working doctor's office because you've had 1 or 2 issues w/the office. Dr. Ben & his crew are wonderful & you'll find it hard to find anotheroffice as good as them.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	0	has become more concerned with the new office building and less about his patients.he turns a lot of medicare patients over to the uncaring joseph gabriel who never really seems to know why hes seeing you.sc internal med seems to be gradually turning into a spa,beauty treatment facility for the higher income clientel whos biggest problem might be crows feet and denial of the aging factor.when i first started going almost nine years ago as a stroke patient i started with dr levinson,but then he passed me to the pa who left two years ago and passed me to gabriel.I have yet to get any real care for strokes,countem three.The last two years have been no more than give your prescription list,get it and go,and please dont get any new injuries or health problems not listed.it just cofuses and upsets everyone....  		4	1	5 	Insurance:Medicare
78	0	I have to state for anyone looking for true reviews, some of the reviews written, may not always be from a patients parent. Office staff does indeed get on here to comment after a bad review. I know this for a fact. Usually if there is  a bad experience, an individual will go online to write and let others know. If there is a good experience, you usually don't find individuals to go out there way to say hey, let me go online and write something(it does happen). Ledlie is nice, however I have to agree with the other mother who states, she is quick to give meds instead of looking and going above and beyond. Just because a doctor throws out meds, does not mean the parent agrees to *give* them all the time. If that is the case. when I had an issue with all of my children, I had to request referal. It was never suggested...and I mean never. despite how many patients a doc has, be thorough when their life is in your hands. That is the purpose of a doc right.  	5	4	3	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	I have always found Dr. Ledlie to be thorough and caring with all 3 of my children.  I also have a very different experience than the mother who feels like Dr. Ledlie is &quot;quick to give medication&quot;... I have found her to be just the opposite in our care.  Some of that may be because I'm always reluctant to *give* medication unless it is clearly needed, however.  The nursing staff is great, phone calls are ALWAYS promptly returned, all of my questions are always answered and if your child needs a specialist for anything Dr. Ledlie is a great advocate for her patients and their parents even when they are under another's care.   She genuinely KNOWS my children, too, which to me is invaluable and I don't know how she does it because like most pediatricians, she clearly sees a LOT of kids each day! Could't be happier -- we drive for many miles just to see her because for us she's that perfect of a fit! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	0	I'm sorry, I guess I have to be the one to give a so so bad review on this doc. I have to agree with one of the reviewers that at times she can seem a bit frazzled and it could be due to all the patience she sees. Other than that I have to say she is pretty good with the kids, no complaints there. My issue with her is that she never seems to really look into an issue that could be going on with your child. She is quick to slap medication and send you on your way. I have two girls and an infant that sees her. I had concerns with my little one that stayed in the office and she would never look into the matter tellig me it was nothing, however after taking them elsewhere I found out that the issue was bigger than I thought. I do think if she were aware something would have been done, but as I stated, she doesn't look beyond anything else. Quick to give meds. Overall she is nice if that's the only thing you're looking for.  	1	4	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	Dr. Ledlie has been seeing my daughter since she was born (Jan 08) and I absolutely adore her. She is so patient and thorough during her exams and takes the times to listen to all of my new-mom questions and worries. I love that when most doctors would end the appointment and leave, she asks, &quot;What else&#63;&quot; until I can't think of any other questions. Both she and the nursing staff are great about answering questions and returning calls.  I only wish I could find a doctor for mySELF that was this wonderful! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
78	1	Dr. Ledlie sees both of my daughters and has done so since Dr. Weston left a few years ago.  The girls feel comfortable seeing Dr. Ledlie because she is approachable and knowledgeable.  My oldest is 20 and doesn't want to stop seeing her. Dr. Ledlie is a good listener and is great about returning calls.  She even gave me her personal cell number when one of my daughters was sick so I could call her if I needed to.  I wish I could find a doctor like her for myself.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	Dr. Ledlie has cared for both of my boys;Mikie 6 and Cody 3, since birth. For almost the last 7 years she has always been there. She is knowledgable and compassionate. I would highly recommend her. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	I love Dr. Ledlie. I'm 20 yrs old myself.. and I love going to her office. She's a busy woman.. but very knowledgeable and helpful! she cares about her patients! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	I often get the feeling she is being pulled in too many directions at one time. Sometimes when I see her she is great (I'm a 21, but haven't found a G.P.), and sometimes she is frazzled and not very patient.  	 7/19/04		4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	1	I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PLACE. DR LEWIS AND HIS STAFF WERE SO VERY HELPFUL. WHEN MY LITTLE ONE DID NOT WANT TO COME INTO THIS WORLD, DR LEWIS HELPED ME ALL HE COULD AND HELPED ME DELIVER A WONDERFUL LITTLE GIRL. I CAN NOT WAIT UNTIL WE HAVE ANOTHER CHILD.  WE WILL DEFINATELY BE GOING TO DR LEWIS AGAIN!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
79	1	Very intelligent, knows his stuff and I trust his diagnosis and treatment completely. Loves to educate patients about illness/treatments and always willing to spend time discussing any concerns.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	1	I was very comfortable with Dr. Lewis, he made me feel at ease. He went over everything in detail. Very satisfied.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	1	I found Dr. Lewis to be very kind, courteous, and attentive to my needs. He was able to help me out right away.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
79	1	. Good guy, we work together and he is my doctor -- great to his patients 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	Dr Landry is great. Getting an appt. is tough. I don't like the policy of never calling in a perscription. I went on a Monday and explained my chest pain and when it got worst by Wens day, they wanted me to come back in and pay another $40 copay. no call in of perscription is a way to get more money out of people. I guess the new office will be paid for soon thanks to this policy. I am looking for a new office.  	2	2	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
80	1	Dr. Landry is wonderful.  No matter how busy, she makes you feel like you are number #1 with her.  The office is horrible though.  I would have left long ago if it were not for her.  The wait is long, the nursing staff rude and lazy, the office, old, dismal and just dirty looking and cramped and their system there is terrible.  Dr. landy deserves a much better place that would compliment what a wonderful doctor she is.  	2	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	I have been seeing Dr. Landry for 15 years. It takes a long time to get an appointment for regular visits, but if you have an emergency and call her nurse Dana, you can get in right away.  The wait time in the office is extremely long, but well worth the wait as you never feel you are interrupting her day.  She makes you feel like you are the most important patient she will see all day.  No matter if you are her first patient of the day or her last. Simply, the best doctor I have ever seen.  	4	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	This doctor is exceptional and consequently VERY hard to see. She is like a good friend and you just love being with her. She shows sympathy and is an exceptional listener. The clinic she works in, however, is run horribly. I usually have a minimum wait of one and 1/2 hours. One day I waited over 3 hours. If she wasn't so good, I'd certainly not put-up with the wait. The check-in girls can be very rude too.  	1	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	an amazing physician 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	Smart, good manner, one of the best doctors I've seen in Myrtle Beach, SC.  She's treated me since 2003. I have musculoskeletal problems and fibromyalgia.  I've also had 6 surgeries in 7 years that have caused trauma and stess.  Dr. Lee's skillful direction and recommendations have saved me. She is so reliable, helpful and compassionate. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	0	She was a fine doctor until my case was too complicated for her. She then said she did not believe I was in the pain I claimed I was in. That and lack of insurance led me to not return to her. She was friendly, listened well most of the time, and did try. But, seemed to be frustrated because I wasn't responding to treatment. 4 years down the road, new rheumy, I'm still not responding, but the difference is the doctor is &quot;challenged&quot; not frustrated. Which is more than I can say for myself but that is not the doctor's fault. 		3	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
83	-1	I will NEVER go to Dr. Lafond again!! In 2006  I went to him for an apicoectomy. He charged me $50 for a 5 minute consult which I thought was stinky.  During the apicoectomy he was supposed to remove the root end of one tooth.  He cut all the way across my top gum.  The first couple of days I was healing fine--the day before I was to go back to him my gum begann hurting again.  When I got to the office he said &quot;What are you doing today&#63;  That tooth has to come out now!&quot;  I was floored--this was my front tooth.  I felt I needed more antibiotics and healing time.  My husband was otu of town--but I called him freeking out and telling him to come home.  I drove to Dr. Muscott's office crying and told the receptionist what Lafond had just told me.  Dr. Muscott thought Lafond was way premature in wanting to remove the tooth.  He prescribed an antibiotic and my gums healed.  I want Dr. Lafond to know I STILL HAVE THE FRONT TOOTH 5 years later!  I tell everyone I know DO NOT GO TO DR. LAFOND!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	. she is a great doctor and she listens to your concerns!!! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
85	1	Great doctor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	I love Dr. Legarda. She was highly recommened to me and she was the only dr. that actually listened to my concerns and took action. My son loved her as well. He started seeing her when he was 2.5 and is now 4. She has been amazing! I would recommend her to anyone who is looking for answers and who feels like other doctors are not taking them seriously.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
86	1	I was patient of Dr. Legarda's since I was 10. She was amazing!! I miss her and actually cried when I had to move from pediatric to adult neurology.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	-1	dr. legarda was not helpful in treating my child's migraine, instead, she kept giving my nine year old child medicine that she could not take for every migraine, because it would make her fall asleep at school. 	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	She one of the best doctors I have met she has been treating my niece since a baby and is very caring sad to see that she is leaving spartanburg I will never find a doctor like her anywhere 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	My son had Dr. Legarda many years ago. There is no way that I could ever put in words how wonderful she is and at the worst time in our lives she was the most compassionate incredible doctor ever ( I have dealt with alot of doctors since). I don't have the space to write all the things that she did for Josh or me for that matter. My son became very ill and she treated him at Shands right after he turned three he just turned 17 and I still think about the ordeal that I went through and how I am not sure how I could have done it without Dr. Legarda she is incredible. There is not a more wonderful or compassionate Dr. in the world. Sherry Trickey 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	Dr. Legarda is a great doctor she works really well with children and she takes the time to hear and questions or concerns. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	Dr. Lacy is very knowledgeble and understanding.  I especially loved how calm he was in the delivery room.  He set the tone for the entire room and my delivery could not have gone more smoothly.  I love how he is extremely professional and understated.   I would recommend him to anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	-1	This doctor didnt listen to a word i said. He used forceps on my baby just to make his golf game when i specifically told him not to. He always acted like he was irritated when i would ask questions(this was my first baby). He scheduled me to be induced without even talking to me to see if that was what i wanted and before my due date even arrived. He was crabby all the time and extremely short with me. He made me feel stupid the time i had a false alarm. I wish my baby wouldve waited about an hour longer to come out so a different doctor couldve delivered her. he did nothing to make me feel comfortable with him and when i would see him around town he didnt speak to me. Theres other, much better, nicer doctors at this practice so if they give you dr lacy, you should request someone else. I had a feeling at my first appointment that i wouldnt like him but i didnt wanna be rude so i kept him. and i really regret it. this guys personality is not suited to be an obgyn.  	5	4	1	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
88	1	. Palmetto Clinic of Chiropractic was the best experience I have found! They actually listen and customized a plan for my needs! I am so grateful to them, and they have a State of the Art Clinic! They also have nutrion and purification programs, Palmetto Clinic has changed my life in the most amazing ways! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	Dr. Lambert is very helpful and makes you feel at ease. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	Laverne and Susan are the best in the world.  They are constantly saving me. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	As a new patient, I was impressed with Dr. Livingston. I found her to be very professional and thorough. She spent a lot of time talking to me and personally took my entire medical history. She and her nurse were very considerate of my comfort throughout the exam. Although she has a busy practice, the attention I was given made me feel as if I were her only patient that morning. My experience was very positive and I would definitely recommend Dr. Livingston. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	-1	She did a very poor and inadequate physical exam, talking the whole time about herself and her recent vacation. 		2	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	. Excellent bedside manner; surgery proceeded exactly as he described in the pre-op visit and his follow-up after surgery I rate as superior; recommend highly! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	1	Dr Libbey is a great doctor who I trust with my life.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	1	Great bedside mannor. Answered all my questions. Lots of experience.  Office punctuality needs to be improved 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	Dr. Laurens was my father's treating physician for his emphysema.  My father was a very difficult patient, but Dr. Laurens' patience with him and his understanding and empathy for us was quite comforting and appreciated.  He explained everything very thoroughly and was very professional. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	Dr. L. as we all know him around here, is a doctor with a heart and a passion for his work. he cares for the people around here. He always keeps me up to date with all the new medicine and practices. His office is always efficient and his staff is always helpful. He does this for a living, not just a job! P.S.  - His assistant is gorgeous! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	-1	He is treating me for thyroid cancer. After several years of evaluation and I-131 treatment without result, he decided to refer me to the M.D. Anderson Clinic in Houston,TX. After waiting several weeks and not hearing anything I called the clinic. I was informed that they had attempted to contact the Dr. three times in Oct. 2006 and had not received a reply. I called Dr. Lilavivat's office and asked them to respond. After waiting about a week I call M.D. Anderson and they informed me that Dr. Lilavivat had still not answered their queries and after checking his office while I was on hold, they were told he was out of the country. I think it is despicable that a doctor would so cavalierly abandon his professional responsibilities.  		3	1	3 	Insurance:Medicare
94	1	great!!!!! should have been a plastic surgeon NO SCAR&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; thks 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	Dr was very helpful and knowledgeable. Took time explaining my options for the treatment of 2 bad knees.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	Excellent Doctor and staff.  After breaking my right shoulder, Humerus, I received excellent care and I highly recommend this Doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
94	1	Very personable.  Accurate diagnosis and treatment. Highly recommended.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	great doctor really help me at all the appointments I attended.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	. he was very sincere, and knowledgeable,explained procedure well 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	-1	Dr. Lemon seemed to care at my first surgery, but when problems arose and I returned for repairs,his staff quickly reminded me that I had signed the consent form releasing him of responsibility. I have had various related problems since the original surgery and have required two surgeries since then. I'm still suffering side effects. 	4	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
95	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	I had a good experience with Dr. Lemon.  He did great work and made the whole experience as painless as possible.  I don't understand what might have happened with some of these bad reviews but Dr. Lemon came highly recommended amongst family and friends.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	I had a broken tooth extracted and a dental implant installed.  I was quite nervous, but between the gas I was given a few minutes before Dr. Lemon arrived and the way he engaged me in conversation as the IV went in, everything was quite painless.  The implant was done well, and I had no complications.  I'm surprised by some of the reviews I read here.  They don't sound like the same man.  He came recommended by several people and I do not regret taking their advice.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	Had wisdom teeth pulled today! Went really well! Didn't even feel the Iv and woke up an hour later pain free...just drowsy! Dr lemon made me feel very comfortable ;-) thanks! I'm already feeling great! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	HE'S GREAT.  I HAD A VERY GOOD EXPERIENCE WITH MY WISDOM TEETH 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:AARP
95	-1	He is not a Dr this man is a ****.  He left my Mom a bleeding mess. He didn't even bother to put stiches in. She was severly bleeding for hours! She had to go to another Dr hours later to have stitches put in. This guy is the worst! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
95	-1	Worst experience I've ever had with a doctor.  Not concerned at all about patient, thinks very highly of himself, bedside manner is horrible.  I would never recommend him to anyone.  I could go on and on about reasons NOT to use him! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	Dr. Linfert is great. After an emergency C section with my daughter, I was left with painful scars from the incisions. 11 months later Dr. Linfert delivered my son through a C section. She was able to remove the ugly painful scarring and delivermy son safely. She is also very gentle and I would not dare go to another OB GYN. She is also very caring and honest. I don't particularly care for her staff, but would not stop going because of them.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	She wonderful like several others in their practice. I would surely recommend her and their practice. They rotate patient among doctors in their practice during scheduled visits to get you familiarize with all. This helps as everyone is familiar to you as you go to delivery for example. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	Dr. Linfert is one of the nicest doctors at her practice, Women Physicians Associates. She dresses very lady-like too (dresses), which is different from some of the doctors who show too much cleavage and body shape.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	. all the doctors at Carolina OB/GYN are excellent and very helpful! I didnt know there were doctors out there so nice! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
97	1	I wanted to rate Dr. Law and his staff, as I have been to serveral phycians over the years, and have found that Dr. Law is all about patient care. ( This is impressive to me), as it is rare these days to find Family phycians who care about finding the medical problem and treatment to get you well.  Doctor Law takes time to answer questions large or small. He is very professional and polite, I have never felt like I'm just a number to him and his staff.  I'm not one to be impressed, or trust easily. Providence Family Practice and in perticular Dr. Law deserves to be applauded for his dedication, knowledge, and great patient care.   Thank you for having this site.  Sincerely,  Jill Smathers 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	1	As far as I'm concerned, you could search the entire world and never find a better doctor for yor child. Dr. Langley is simply the best. My 3 children went to him for years(until they out grew a pediatrcian) My son had serious health issues and Dr. Langley was always there for us. He is compassionate, funny, friendly and above all he truly cares! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	Very few of the patients whose lives Dr. Lawsin has saved will bother to do this as they know how brillant she is.Bi-polar personalities are usually not able to work for a period of time.  I was almost to the point of being admitted to Bull Street with diagnosis of &quot;no hope&quot;. I fought her at first to get what I wanted but in the end I was lucky enough to unharden my heart and do as she said.  I have had worked at the same large employer for 17 years now.  I still see her as often as necessary but from where I started from earned me Voc Rehab client of the year to earning the respect of my co-workers despite suffering from fragments of my disease. It has been a long journey which I would never have been able to travel without her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	-1	Do not go here! They would put you on all types of medicine and the counsler there is very unprofessional Lori Humburg. She will tell your business. Do not go there! I have a lot to say about these people but ill have to write a book 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
99	-1	I have 2 diseases &amp; had a traumatic event 10 years ago.I have PTSD &amp; went to her for help. After my 1st visit of 20 mins she diagnosed me w/Bi-Polar &amp; put me on 3 meds, after 2 docs had taken me off 4 meds because many of my medications were causing problematic side effects.  So now I was back to taking more than 10 meds again! My next visit, I told her the meds. didn't seem to be doing what she told me they should be doing &amp; she said I complained too much!! Like she would get the dosage right on my first visit! On my 4th visit, she dismissed me as a client because I had to reschedule my appt. due to a stomach flu. (This was my 1st time rescheduling an appt. !) She called me the following week at 2:30pm and told me she couldn't see me anymore because I was sick too much (one time, out of 4 visits!), though she knew I had two diseases, and didn't even let me speak, to say I was coming that day for my 5:30 appointment!!  Her loss, this will only help my disability claim! Don't go to her!! 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
