dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	-1	my daughter got hurt and dr swift told me that she didn't need surgery - got a second opinion and he said she needed to.  I am glad we listed to the other doctor or she would have had some serious issues.  This was the third child he turned away for surgery when after second opinions they needed it after all. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	Dr asked what my expectations were from surgery. I wanted to run, bike and swim. Dr Shumaker said this would be a reasonable goal. Prior to surgery I was getting epidurals and was doing all three. At first follow up after surgery I asked when I could start running. His response was that I could never run again (I had a fusion done on lower back) He was right about that. After 18 month healing time spasms returned and have not had a pain free day since.   As a bonus I had a blood clot 2 weeks after surgery which the good doctor would not see me for as &quot;the surgery could not possibly have caused&quot;    Bottom line in my opinion this doctor may be good surgeon but he is definitely not interested in following up after the fee is collected 	4	4	3	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	-1	Not helpful when you need answers. Does not pick up the phone, leaves you hanging. He'll be there to cut though, after that he's done with you.I think he's a good dr, but only in the OR. 	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	This man ****ed my back, having my 4th surgery be a SPINAL FUSION at the age of only 22!!  I am now permanently screwed, litterally.  I have had numerous surgeons say they NEVER would have done the surgeries he did on me!  I HATE this man and plan on filing a medical malpractice case on him! 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	. 	3	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Absolutely the BEST NEUROSURGEON in the country!I have been to many, but none so helpful and caring as this one.  He is worth his weight in gold! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	I don't what to say but WOW!  I have always had a very hard time dealing with a chronic illness.  Dr. Sorensen seems to understand better than most has has so helpful and easy to talk to.  He always takes the time to listen and doesn't get impatient when I start to freak out.  He is alway very courteous and willing to work with me to keep me as healthy as possible.   I just can't enough good things about him, except for thank you so much! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	I happen to think that Todd Sorenson is one of the best doctors. My two kids trust him very much and he is in fact the only doctor that they do trust.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
3	1	Dr. Sorensen is one of the best family physicians I have ever received care from. He truly cares about the patient as a whole. He recognizes that medicine is multi-faceted. He takes time to ask questions and he listens!  When seeing his patients for physical illness he also recognizes the mental/emotional dynamics that go along with chronic illness. As a family physician he is attentive to how the other members of the family are impacted by chronic illness of a family member. Dr. Sorensen's bedside manner is great and he puts his patients at ease. He is positive and reassuring which makes a big difference when a loved one is facing a long-term illness. He is sensitive to the financial burden medications place on family budgets and is willing to assist with filling out necessary forms in order to get the medications. When I or other of my family is sick we are willing to wait for an available appointment with Dr. Sorenesen. Only an real man of God could provide such attentive care.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Dr. Sorensen does more than figure out what is wrong and prescribe a medicine. He takes time to answer questions in a thorough manner. When I was admitted to the hospital he told me he would come see me as soon as he was done for the day. Dr. Sorensen is not just concerned with getting the job done and moving on to the next patient. He is personal and compassionate. I would recommend him to anyone.  :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Dr. Sorensen is very thourough. He takes time to answer any questions you may have and he listens to what you have to say. He knows his patients and he works very hard to work you in if you need to be seen. He is great with my daugther who is 14 months old and has been her doctor since before she was born. He is gentle and does not rush you out the door. His nurses are very personable and are usually very good about calling right back if you leave a message. I have absolutely no complaints about Dr. Sorensen and would recommend him to anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	I rated Dr Sorenson the way I did because he is very knowledgeable, courteous and helpful. He is easy to talk to and answers any and all questions I have for him at my appointments or whenever I call his office. He is knowledgeable in such a wide variety of ways. His nurses are also wonderful and so friendly and helpful. I would recommend him very highly. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	I had large area removed on my temple and the results were amazing. I would have to show you you where the scars are.  Friendly, kind, good man and great Doctor, 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	Dr Shields and his nurses are just amazing. It is always fun to go see them. They make your visit very relaxing and enjoy the conversations. I would recommend Dr Shields.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
4	1	Dr Shields is a very caring doctor.  Always cheers me up and has something positive to say each time I see him. He is very knowledgeable and won't do any procedure just to make money, as I have read under other docs on this site.   Dr Shields is the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
4	1	 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	He &quot;might&quot; be a good surgeon, but he rarely looks the patient in the eye. Strange demeanor, yet cordial. He doesn't tell you everything about the upcoming surgery. 	4	5	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	I felt the exact same way. I had a few question to ask, she asked me what my top 2 were.. wth. I will never go back to her. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	I had just moved ito town and called the clinic to setup a new appt.They assigned me to Dr.Smith and she was pleasant at first meeting. However everything that I wanted to talk to her about she told me to not worry so much that she's had these symptoms before too, etc. She totally downplayed what I was bringing to her attention. She ordered labs, I was diagnosed with hypothyroidism. I setup another appointment to see her less than 2 months later and I waited over an hour to meet with her. When she finally came in the room it was very very brief. She prescribed me meds for my thyroid and being newly diagnosed with this condition I had questions about it and the meds. I said &quot;May I ask you a couple questions&quot; and she said &quot;No, I don't have time for questions today. You need to schedule another appointment for that.&quot; I was FURIOUS. I rescheduled alright, but not with her. I left feeling like this was about money. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	. She's a great doctor and the nurses/staff are wonderful! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Tells it like it is-I feel we are in the best of care when we see her.  Great Doctor!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Is old school but knows his stuff. Obviously cares greatly about his patients. 	4	3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	He has a wonderful bedside manner but does like to talk down to you. Doesn't take the time to really listen at times he seems to be arrogant. His staff acts like they are afraid to ask him anything. I seen him berate one of his nurses when he didn't think anyone was watching. I don't have any plans on going to him again.  	5	4	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	I had at least 3 headaches a week for years. Now they are gone. I couldnt be happier. It was a bit of a pain scheduling at his old office since it was just him and i put up with it because he was helping me, but his new office location is more convenient for me and his staff is very very helpful. Highly recommended. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	At first I didn't think this type of chiropractic would work because there is not &quot;cracking or popping&quot; but after a couple times, I am becoming a believer that this works.  I can now turn my neck both ways when I wasn't able to for weeks.  I am going to continue to see Dr.  Aaron since it seems to be working! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
9	1	Dr. Skonhovd made me a believer in upper cervical adjustment. Was skeptical at first but overall very pleased with the results. I will be back. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	Was not what I expected, he was late to appointment.. just was not good at all. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Great Doctor.  Very knowledgable in upper cervical adjustment. I would recommend to others 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	Very unprofessional and did not help one bit...even seemed shady. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	very caring; thinks out of the box; excellent for second opion.  I love him 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	terrific; very compassionate. Only Doc that is willing and able to work with Chiropractors and other specialists. Always keeps my interest the right and center.  We are fortunate to ahve him in Sioux falls 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	-1	Husband saw dr.be careful with this guy.he charged us for a follow up call when he had told us he wpould call with results. Results were 2 months late. When asked for records they where never sent. This is true about not able to go to other facilities. The nurses at sioux falls surgical center have also had issues. Will not go to this man again.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	After seeing many doctors and no one could find out what was wrong with me, he realized I have celiac disease.  I'm allergic to wheat etc!  I lost a lot of weight over the years without trying and I had severe pain.  He did a colonscopy and endoscopy at the Surgical Center and did a biopsy.  I did not have any complications.  I am pleased with him overall.  His staff is helpful.  He does run far behind schedule.  The biopsy report that I got a copy of said there was a portion of the biopsy that was not easily identified and was not what the dr thought it was.  He does suggest more of the same tests but when I asked to wait since I'm doing so well, he was fine with my decision.  I continue to be his patient because he found the problem when so many other could not including Mayo Clinic.  	1	1	4	4 	Insurance:Delta Dental
10	-1	As stated below, this physician does not have privileges at Avera McKennan or Sanford; only the Surgical Center. After only one office visit, I knew this physician was not for me. He wanted to instantly yank me off all medications I was on and admit me to the Surgical Center as he knew I'd have complications from doing so. Then, also stated below, if there was an emergency I'd have to be taken to one of the other hospitals and see their doctors. This doctor is way too radical. I will never go to him again and I don't refer any one to him either.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
10	-1	This doctor has lost hospital privileges at Sanford and McKennan Hospitals.  He also was fired from the VA.  If you have complications from a procedure of his at the Sioux Falls Surgery Center (the only place in Sioux Falls that allows him to do procedures) you have to be tranfered to McKennan Hospital and be seen by their gastroenterologists in the ER.  If you had a good outcome with this doctor then you were one of the lucky few.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	After going to numerous doctors for 2 1/2 years I went to Dr. Singaram and he finally figured out what was wrong with me. He spent alot of time with me and was very very helpful and very sympathetic.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	-1	Told me all my back x-ray said to him was how old I was. Later that month a back surgeon showed me a lot with same x-ray and I did have numerous problems with my spine and did have surgery. Doing well now. I would not recommend Dr. Seibel to anyone! 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	He told me arthritis was &quot;to be expected&quot; as i WAS &quot;on the other side of 50&quot; Very condescending and poor bedside manner 		4	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	He went out of his way to be kind and helpful during a difficult time in our lives. His excellent skills and caring made all the difference in a frightening and confusing situation. A doctor reaching out over and above his duty is truly appreciated! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	This doctor does not deserve to have a licence. My daughter is now 8 and her arm is forever hyper-extended because he SCREWED UP. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Very cheerful, Seemed to know his stuff. Personable.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
13	0	Good surgeon, but seems like he could care less about me after discharge. Did not seem to want to listen to the concerns that I had after my surgery and would not be proactive to ensure that my surgery would not be compromised. 	4	4	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Mr. Sorrell is outstanding! I credit him & his team w/ saving my fathers life this summer. He is professional to speak with, as well as informative. I will refer him to everyone I know. He is an &quot;asset&quot; to Sanford Medical Center, and my family. Last, but most importantly, his surgical abilities are truly a gift! I cannot say enough about him. I am forever grateful to him and his team, for allowing me and my family to spend more time with my father. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Matthew Sorrell is an amazing surgeon. Not only is he nice to work with but hes nice to look at too :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Extremely kind and caring to patients.  Wonderful bedside manner. Came highly recommended as a surgeon and did a wonderful job.  Nurses at hospital also commented on what a nice guy he is to work with.  Would recommend to anyone, wish more doctors were like him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	spends time with patients to answer any questions, very caring and knowledgeable 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Super service. Great staff. Best glasses ever. Recommend them to all my friends.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
15	1	he said if he was a mechanic and I came in with a old car and transmission trouble, I'd go home with a better transmission but not in a new cadilac.  I still have back pain but am off disability and back to work.  Explained things well, down to earth and took me time when nobody else would.  Pretty damn good.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	My back hasn't felt this good for 30 years.  If I hadn't woken up with a band aid on my butt I would not have known that he had even done anything.  Very busy but he does sit down and take the time.  I am much more functional now even 2 years older that I had been.  Very good Doctotr.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	I had severe back pain for 3 years and nobody other drs gave a damn.  Maybe they couldnt do anything.  Dr. S sat down with me amd wife several times and explaned things good.  When I woke up, I had no pain.  He wanted me teo stay overnite but I didn't need to.  I didn't take any pain pills.  I still don't have any pain.  I can't believe how good I feel and only wish that I had been seen by him 3 years sooner.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	Ahhhhh life is good thanks to Dr. Schindler. I can do things this holiday season that I couldn't do last year around this time. Praise the Lord and praise Dr.  Schindler too! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	fantastic surgeon - follow up difficult Dr. Schindler is a very skilled surgeon but it is very difficult to get to him for follow up questions and concerns. I have asked & asked for advice and information regarding my wife's illness with little success. I do not in any way believe this is unique to Dr. Schindler - but a reflection on the medical industry times we live in. I have so little medical knowledge, the Net offers to much to filter down to my specific questions - wish Dr. Schindler could be messaged, and, eventually respond to, very worried caregivers to his patients. 	3	3	2	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Excellent.  Definitely made my life better after completing my surgery.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	Thank the Father, Son and Holy Spirit for my good outcome.  A wonderful doctor.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	I had a concussion from an accident on Christmas day.  Dr. Schindler was very skilled, thorough, complete and had excellent bed-side manner.  I remember little about the actual accident. I do, however, remember Dr. Schindler spent time with me and my family explaining what had happend and was there through-out the entire process,explaining everything in a manner that we could understand. Even though it was Christmas, he took the time to sit down with us and answer all of our questions.  He never seemed bothered by our questions or the time we took. It is amazing that a neurosurgeon could put such a complicated process into such understandable terms. I recommend him to everyone.  I feel very fortunate to have him for my doctor.  I strongly believe that he was placed there for me at the right time and the right place.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	-1	Very rude doctor. Left our daughter in a hallway after surgery and did not provide post-surgical contact. Unsatisfactory surgical results that two other specialists recommended have corrective action.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	Great.  On top of things.  Could use a patient sensibility  refresher course but I was not looking for a best friend.  He saved my life. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Very sad to see the negative comments about Dr. Schindler. He was kind of rude or short once with us but he needed to get his point across and it worked. I'm sorry to hear about the unfortunate incidents with the other families but Dr. Schindler definitely did an excellent job when he operated on our daughter. No complications what so ever and we owe him big time. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	I love Dr Simmons.  She is very upfront yet also listens to parents. I have a teenaged severely handicapped child who has had more docs than you can count, so I know good from bad.  My only grief is that all three of my kids will soon be too 'old' for pediatric docs so I will have to find someone else.  Dr Simmons is very knowledgeable, friendly, up front, and down to earth.  You could not find a better kids doc anywhere, and I am speaking from experience at the 'best' hospitals in the country.  We are fortunate to have Dr Simmons here in Rapid, do not hesitate to take your children to her. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Very smart & caring dr.  The best! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	I'm having my first baby and just had my 1st appointment/scan w/ her. LOVE her. She is exactly what I was looking for. She's kind and has a peace about her that you need as a 1st time mom. She completely put me at ease and I feel so much better about my pregnancy knowing me and my baby will be in her care. I couldn't imagine a better doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Very personable and accommodating.  Loved my experience with her and am seeing her again with my second currently! 	 11/17/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Very Nice doctor Loved my experience in the hospital with her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
18	1	Best OB/GYN I've ever seen. Very caring and helpful. Goes the extra mile. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	We chose to find a different dentist when our autistic child was having difficulties with our previous dentist. We made one visit with Dr. Studer. His calm demeanor and taking the time to talk and joke with our child made all the difference in what was once an ordeal. He’s been our family dentist for numerous years now.   We find that Dr. Studer isn’t assertive on extensive dental work; he will try to save a tooth /teeth before he recommends any extensive dental work.   He doesn’t have a high turnover of staff, all of which are helpful and courteous and his billing practice is more than fair.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
19	-1	this dentist is totally disrespectful and his only concern is money. i am a single father with 2 children i have missed one appointment in 4 years and because our family is on medicaid he finally found a reason to cancel his services. does this sound fair&#63; i suggest finding another dentist. we will be filing a class action lawsuit. if you or anyone knows of this happening please contact me at 605-415-3934 thank you 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	I loved having dr stehly as my doctor for female problems and also when I had my chikd the wait time may sometimes be a little long but she take the time to make sure you understand stuff and know your options and are comfortable, and you know waiting that when its your turn she isn't going to just run out of the room but rather sit and answer your questions and adress your concerns.....she is an all around amazing doctor.... thru pregnancy and birth I always know that if I had questions or concerns that I could call dr stehly ! Wonderful OBGYN! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	Dr. Stehly is a wonderful doctor. I agree, her wait times can get a little lengthy, but it truly is because she's just that great of a doctor. I would never go with anyone else, and I have to drive over an hour each way to see her. She was recommended by my mother, and I will be recommending her to both my daughters as well.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
20	1	I absolutely love her. She has awesome bedside manor. She never tried to push me into something I wasn't comfortable with, always took the time to explain things to me and reassure me. I wouldn't go to anyone else. Waiting times may get a little long, but I will wait for her rather than pick a different doctor.  She is busy for a reason, everyone loves her! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
21	1	She is VERY sweet! I trust her advice, and she takes her time looking over my infant. Also takes her time with me when I have questions, and doesn't make me feel rushed like other doctors sometimes do. She is also very gentle when handling my baby, and treats him like a person by talking to him as well. I recommend her! She is also a very good gnyo, as I see her myself for my yearly PapSmears.  Again, she is very gentle, sweet, and has never rushed me! Does sometimes run a bit late, but I'm sure its b/c she makes sure all the questions by other patients get answered! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
22	1	Dr. Jayme is a very educated, insightful, and extremely well trained chiropractor.  His office is efficient and I am able to get in and out in no time at all.  Dr. Jayme has numerous resources to aid in my wellness journey. Good chiro's are hard to come by, but he is definitely the best I have found in the area.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	. good and compatant helped alot great staff and very nice 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	I do not have dental insurance, and costs vary according to procedure.  I go to Dr. Schmid because he is very gentle, and gives fairly painless shots.  His office is immaculate, his staff friendly and dedicated.  If I had small children, I would trust him to treat them very gently. If one of his staff didn't seem careful enough, I'm sure he would work with me to change who did my work. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	Dr.Stone gave an evaluation to my primary care doctor about my condition without ever meeting me or examining me! Horrible! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	He and his staff are very helpfull and knowlegable in all forms. He has a pleasant bedside manner and is liked by his own staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	AWESOME PLACE!  I have seen Dr. Tricia and Dr. Tracy for acupuncture and chiropractic and had great results!  The most relaxing chiropractic place I've ever been to.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
25	0	I had to wait forever & was scheduled to see Dr. Tricia but without notice I was given her husband to see who was not professional.  He basically stabed me with the needles & I was swollen & bruised afterwards.  They also made a gross error on my insurance.  Look elsewhere for care. 	3	1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Dr. Tricia was recommended by a co-worker and I'm so glad I started to go to her for acupuncture to help alleviate dizziness from my Meniere's disease.  She's very thorough and often suggests things I can do to improve my overall health.  All of the staff are very pleasant and professional. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	I LOOOOVEEE Dr. Trisha. She is the best! I am currently going for acupunture to help me with my upcomming IVF cycle. She treats me like family and is always in a GREAT mood. She makes you feel like you are her only patient. She has even come in on her days off for me and I know she has done that for several others. I would recommend her to ANYONE going through the IVF process. You won't regret it!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Dr. T is the BEST!  She treats you like you are her good friend and she wants you feeling well.  She is very encouraging and very detailed in how she works with you to not miss anything.  She makes YOU her patient smart and I always walk out feeling brand new.   I recommend acupuncture and have to many of my friends who have been equally as pleased with Dr Tricia! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
25	1	Dr. Schwartz is the best!  She is very intuitive and probes to get to the source of the problem.  She is skilled at acupuncture and also recommends nutrition and physical therapy aids when helpful.   The staff at Natural Arts Chiropractic & Acupuncture is wonderful! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
26	1	Dr. Statz was fantastic.  He was kind and patient with us, answered all of our questions and then followed up with phone calls between appointments.  He even prayed with us before the surgery, which was a great comfort.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	WE HAD TO HAVE HERNIA SURGURY ON OUR INFANT SON. CARING PROFESSIONAL AND ANSWERED ALL OUR QUESTIONS WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND HIM. ONE OF THE BEST DOCTORS WE HAVE HAD.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
26	1	Wonderful care from a very caring Dr.  Highly recommend Dr. Statz for anyone in need of a general surgeon. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Dr Smadi is very compassionate and smart. We had a great experience with him. He diagnosed our daughter with rare joint disease 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	I credit this doctor for making a huge difference in my childs life.  We saw Dr. Spangler when my son was only 2 months old, he noticed that my son was asymetric.  I was able to get help for my child and had it gone undetected, my son could have had some serious physical difficulties.  Thank you Dr.  Spangler! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
28	1	Dr. Spangler is a great doctor. He seems to have a lot of knowledge, even beyond his specialty of pediatric cardiology. He has always taken the time need to answer all of my questions and he follows up with his patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
28	-1	I would not recommend this pediatrician to any parent. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	I think Dr. Stacey is a great doctor and takes the time to talk to you if you have questions. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	0	I wanted a female doctor, so picked her. Went in for a physical, and what a joke. Now I know why people can die within days of a complete physical, because they don't take the time to check you over like they should. I went back to give her a second chance, and was more upset than I was the first time. I would highly suggest you look around. I don't think she's in it for the care! I have since found a real jewel, and she in thorough!!!!! 	1	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	He is the best of the best.  Been going to him for several years and he can give a shot that you don't even know you received a shot.  Would not go to anyone else.  Gloria Lund 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	I would recommend Dr. Schulte to anyone seeking excellent dental care. He has gone out of his way to see me in a very timely fashion  when I have had issues. Very knowledgeable and personable . Over all 1000 %. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	we were very pleased with Dr Smadi's care during our stay in the hospital.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
31	-1	Dr.Samdi pushed for many test that did not need to be done. Saying my child had a 50/50 chance of having cancer when he had nothing to back this up. Did not listen to us parents and what we were concerned about.  My child does not have cancer. Dr. Smadi was bound and determined that our son had something wrong with him and would stop at nothing, kept pushing for more tests. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Awesome Doctor!!! Very compasionate and helpful. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	I have worn eyeglasses for 48 years. I was rushed through the appointment with only 5 minutes for a full exam. The optical staff was under trained and did not listen to what I was looking for. When I returned for my glasses 2 weeks later they had the wrong lenses which I was unable to see through. They told me I'd get used to it. I refused the lenses and asked to see the doctor. They would not allow me to see him. I was made to feel that I was the problem.I was paying almost $1000 dollars for top of the line Essilor lenses and Silouhette frames. The lenses were supposed to be very thin and were close to 1/2 inch thick. I came back after they were remade only to find the lenses still thick and blurry. DR. Sayler saw me but was rude and demeaning. I contacted the lense company to inquire as to why my lenses were thick and they gave me information to share with the doctor. When I did he became irate and told me he was the best eye doctor in Sioux Falls and I knew nothing. Sad scenario. 	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Dr. Seger is very knowledgeable and cares about her patients personally. I am comfortable asking her questions, and know I am in good hands when she provides my care. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	0	I would not recommend this doctor.  She was very cold and impersonal.  She delivered my first child, so I was really nervous and kept asking what was going on and she really wouldn't even talk to me.   I realize that she was pretty busy at the time but would it have killed her to help me out and talk me through it&#63;&#63; 	3	4	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	-1	This doctor never smiles and always made me feel like I was a bother. I agree with the last post her nurse is horrible. I have never had someone be so rude and judgemental to me. She tried to play everything off like it was nothing. I would not recommend this doctor or this team just because of her nurse. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
34	0	Dr. Seger is very dry, and emotionless, comes across as crabby.  I know she is a very good doctor but she could smile once in a while.  Atleast she isnt as bad as her nurse!! 	2	4	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
34	0	Horrible bedside manner...makes you feel very uncomfortable.  I think she is knowledgeable but difficult to talk to.  	2	1	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Yvonne Seger is very knowledgable and informed on the latest issues.  However her bedside manner is horrid.  She's dry and makes you feel about as uncomfortable as humanly possible.  I don't doubt for a minute that she's a great doctor, but if you're made uncomfortable very easily she's not the doctor for you. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	0	It took quite some time to have my symptoms diagnosed. I was referred to 2 other doctors. One of which had a 3 month wait time. When i asked her nurse what to do about the pain I was having- she told me to go to the ER. I tried to explain to her it wasn't that severe. She told me she couldn't do anything until I saw the other doctors. No referral, no advice, nothing. I got farther on my own than with their help. Even with small things like sinus infections it seems like it's a hassle for them to get anything done. I have sinced switched to another PCP.  	1	4	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	I have had Dr Scott through my 2 pregnancies.  Very down to earth, always answered my questions and put me at ease.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
36	1	She is is down to earth and understands what is going on with women and their bodies.  She is amazing!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Dr. Scott was a great doctor to have. She made my entire pregnancy and delivery a wonderful experience. I am glad I found a doctor like her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Dr. Scott was very patient and thoughtful. She took time to answer questions and helped make my entire pregnancy a wonderful experience.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	Dr Scott is a wonderful doctor. I am very pleased with her and her staff. All are very friendly have no problem seeing me at the drop of a hat. She has a wonderful bedside manner and her nurse (jenn or melissa, i forget) is fantastic. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	Dr. Scott was not helpful during our conversation. My husband and I are very disappointed on how she would not explain or even answer questions.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
36	1	Dr. Scott was so smart and easy to talk to. She would always take time in her busy schedule to answer my questions and make sure I was doing ok. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Dr. Scott was very thorough in reading my medical history and applying it appropriately to my current situation. She took preventative measures to avoid postpartum depression which I had with a previous pregnancy, gave me all the information, good and bad about taking medication during pregnancy and let me decide, though recommended I think about it. She has good bedside manner and makes me feel comfortable.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	-1	This dr talks over people is not helpful and has very little knowledge. For example when I took my mother to him she cried that she was in so much pain. He told her it was all in her head. She died 2 weeks later.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:HIP
38	0	I agree...ok, not great!  He had me get a CAT scan to verify that I was having TMJ problems rather than an earache. 	5	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
38	0	OK - not great. Saw another ENT for ear drops and they commented they never use those drops post operatively. Doesn't look you in the eye, talks a bit down to you and doesn't have a connection to his patients.   Explanation of complications and what's happening during the healing process was poor 	3	2	2	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
39	1	I cannot say enough good things about Dr. Sierra. I truly feel he is my angel sent from above. I have 2 children and had numerous complications with both. He is very polite, professional, knowledgeable, and personable. He makes me feel like a very special mother, not just one of 1000s that he has worked with. He listens to concerns and addresses each item. With my 2nd c-section I nearly had to have an emergency hysterectomy, although I had no idea because he continued on with the surgery very professionally. One day later he came into my room, sat down, and told me all about what had happened. He said he didn't want to worry me because he felt very confident in what he needed to do to avoid the hysterectomy, and he wanted me to just enjoy my new baby for a while.  I could go on &amp; on about him! I have recommended him to everyone I know! Note: I rated his punctuality a little low because he usually runs late, but it is because he takes the necessary time with each patient-its worth it! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
39	1	He was my Dr for my 2nd pregnancy &amp; delivery.  He was very helpful &amp; took the time to answer all of my questions so that I could understand them. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	Very, very knowledgble about spinal/ neck injuries.   Very &quot;old school&quot; and believes in greeting patients in the waiting room etc.   Always felt like he took the time to explain.   Liked him.  Office staff NOT nice however.  	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
40	1	Dr. Seljeskot is my hero! He saved my life. His &quot;bedside manner&quot; may be somewhat lacking, but he is a gifted neurosurgeon. 	4	5	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	Took my 82 year old mother back to surgery after Dr Watt's previous surgery and when she tried to tell him she was still in pain he dismissed her with a wave of his hand and left the room. My mother has been in pain 24/7 since but not due to Dr Sekjeskog, due to Dr. Watt's incompetence.  	2	3	1	3 	Insurance:Medicare
40	-1	I cant empty my bladder too well after his back surgery and I now drag my left leg. He got REALLY mad when I asked why. He wopuldnt say what went wrong. He must be 80 years old.  HE SHOULD RETIRE!! 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	-1	Bad bedside manner. Very angry. I am in terrible pain after his surgery. He was very rude to me and is not sympathetic at all. Would noy recommend him to anyone who needs surgery.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
41	1	Dr. Sarbacker is the only doctor I've ever seen that's personally called to check in with us after a visit - just to make sure things are going okay. She's awesome!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	She is so refreshingly down to earth and such a genuine person and a very talented physician.  I just think she is the very best doctor I have in the long list of specialists I see. She is very busy and the wait to get in is well worth it because she spends time with her patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	I liked Heidi as my doctor, and then she suddenly resigned. Don't know what happened.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	She helped our daughter.  She listened to us and cultured our daughters lesion and gave us a diagnosis quickly.  Very helpful and nice. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	0	This phician may come across very knowledgeable, but he has a terrible bedside manner. I was new in town and had to see a nephrologist, he was recommended. I was told the appointement would not take more than 30 mins. I was there a total of 2 and half hours! He spoke to the nurse as if I wasn't even there. He answered his cell phone 3 different times while meeting with me. He and his nurse spoke their own medical language in front of me, and treated me like a child when telling me helpful tips to staying healthy. I do not recommend this physician for anyone!! 	1	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	He is the best nephrologist I have had!  He answers any and all questions.  He is very caring and really seems to care what is going on in your personal life and wants to make sure there isn't anything going on that could de-rail your well being.   He is absolutely great!  Couldn't ask for a better doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
45	-1	I was rather unhappy with this doctor. I was nauseous every day and throwing up (no, I wasn't pregnant), so I went to see him. He told me it was because I needed to have a bowel movement. He told me to eat fiber and sent me home. This did not work, and I was still throwing up. So I went back. He told me to take this stuff that makes you go to the bathroom all day until there is nothing left in you (magnesium citrate). I did this and by the end of the day, after I hadn't eaten hardly anything and had been in the bathroom all day, I was still throwing up. I went back. When I was there, he acted like I was a pain in the neck, and sighed like, &quot;Oh, it's you again.&quot; The next thing he said was,&quot;Well, there's always AIDS.&quot; No, there's not always AIDS. I have had one sexual partner in my life, my fiance, who is perfectly healthy. Needless to say, I found a new doctor. Turns out my throwing up was due to acid reflux.  	4	2	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	-1	I would not recommend this doctor to anyone unless they begin seeing him when they are perfectly healthy and establish their good medical standpoint with him before anything happens. Dr. Schulz really lead me wrong. I had to begin seeing him while I was having medical problems, because my prior physician retired from the family practice field. I was always treated as a hypochondriac and as though I had no idea what I was talking about. Even though I would go in with complaints of strong daily allergic reactions, he would do nothing except note that I was overweight and needed to exercise and that I was depressed. I have injuries that prevent me from doing many exercises (other Dr's had told me not to do them). He said to do them even though they caused me extreme pain. After being talked down to and ignored for long enough (and seeing his terribly undetailed and unrelated-to-visit notes in my file), I left and found a great new physician elsewhere, outside the Sanford system.  	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	Dr. Schulz is a fine physician.  Takes time to listen, and I know that can be difficult given the schedule of a modern doctor.  I would recommend him to anyone.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	I have gone to Dr. Schultz for a number of years now.  Each and every time he has taken the time to listen and address my concerns.  I never feel rushed through my appointments. This is why I don't get upset if I have to wait a bit for my appointment. I feel he considers the whole person (physical and emotional).  I would highly recommend him as a family doctor! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	-1	Has no compassion, not caring if he treats you as you know nothing.  Not wanting to try to get you to a better place with your medical problems.  I have severe medical problems with multiple medications.  Our relationship just ended up not in the best place.  So it could be that even though not good with me or my family as other family members went with me so I had a witness to the last couple appointments because of problems.But not willing to help when you really need it.  	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Medicare
46	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	Dr Suga was amazing with my daughter - My daughter fell out of a shopping cart and broke her arm.  I had another doctor tell me she didn't need surgery and we had him wtih a second opinion.  He did an awesome job with her.  My daughter would ahve some serious issues if it wasn't for the suregery.  Thanks again to Dr Suga who was willing to listen and help my little girl out.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	1	Dr. Suga did a wonderful job caring for my multiple severe orthopedic injuries.  He and his office staff have been very helpful during my recovery. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	-1	I had a 1:00pm appointment and was seen at 4:45.  Apparently I have nothing better to do than sit at his office and wait all day for him.  His staff could have offered me another appointment since he was running so late. When I did get to see him, he stated that he was tied up w/ some other emergency (this is understandable, but I could have been given another appointment); then he acted as if my complaints were minute and not worthy of his attention.  He commented that the prior patient couldn't even move his kneck - thus my knee problem I guess doesn't matter. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	Very good with my back problem. Works well with those who are trying hard to get better. 	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	-1	He is always in a big hurry to moved onto the next patient. He explains everyting very quickly and in dr. terms and then when i was unsure about scope on my knee, he was frustrated. I will never go to him again.  	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	-1	The nurse was so rude and would not allow me to go into the office with my minor daughter. He told my daughter there was nothing wrong with her and very insulting and made her cry in his office.  This man works for the insurance company not the patient!!! 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
47	1	Dr. Suga Was wonderful and caring. He is an excellent orthopdic doctor and surgeon 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	-1	Dr. Suga was very helpful to workmen's comp, but did little to help me, his patient. Workmen's Comp pay's the bill, not me. He refused me surgery saying I did not need it and I should just go back to work. I got the surgery from another Dr and it fixed a problem with my back so I can now get out of a chair, unassisted which I could not do before I had the surgery. Dr. Suga went so far as to tell me that 95% of people have my condition. I doubt this as 95% of the people can get out of a chair without help and I couldn't. He also made a statement that I was not in as much pain as I claimed I was, as if he could feel my pain. If he could he would have been more compassionate. Compasion was not something I expierienced at the hands of Dr. Suga. It has been 12 years post op now and I am still doing well with the surgery from another dr. Be sure you get a doctor that is for you, the patient, not workmans comp. If you have a choice, pass on Suga or fight for the right Dr. for you! 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
48	-1	This man will rip you off as soon as you give him a chance. I lost $12,000 because of this man. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	Steven Stokesbury died of colon cancer several months ago 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	She is awesome, but very hard to get into if not scheduled well in advance. Very good bedside manor, my daughter just loves her.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
51	1	Best Doctor I've ever had. He listens, he cares and he's knowledgeable. His nurse Amy is just as good, wonderful competent nurse.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
51	1	Dr. Stassen and his staff are amazing. I know that I am getting the very best care everytime I go to his office. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	My husband and I have been seeing Dr. Stassen for almost two years.  He is the most phenomenal doctor either of us has ever had.  He always takes the time to listen to us and explain things to us in detail.  We have never left there feeling like we didnt have a great understanding of the issue and the treatment. Sometimes the wait is a little longer but, Im sure that is due to the personalized treatment he gives all of his patients. He is very knowledgeable.  He and his nurse Amy often go out of their way for our family's care.  We cannot say enough good things about either of them.  We have developed a fabulous rapport with him and trust him totally.  Dr.  Stassen is a wonderful person and a fabulous doctor! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
51	1	I have seen Dr. Stassen my entire life, almost 30 years. He treats my entire family, including my two young children. I have NEVER felt like he will not get to an answer to a question, concern, or issue. In fact, I came on this site to give a supremely negative response about my husband neurologist, and remembered that Dr. Stassen deserves HIGH marks for his care where the neurologist completely dropped the ball. He came to the hospital to admit my husband on a Sunday when he was not on call, because the neurologist wouldn't. He gets stuff done, takes the time to get to know us, and makes us feel as we are the only patient while he is in the room. I would recommend him to anyone! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	Great Doctor with a lot of knowledge. Takes the time to get to know his patients. He has a good personality and cares about his patients.  Great Doc!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	I have been seeing Dr. Stassen for a couple years. He is the absolute best!  He spends time with his patients and get to know them.  He doesn't rush through any visits.  He truly cares about his patients and what they are going through. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	0	I would beg anyone NOT to go to Dr. Stassen. He left my husband and new born daughter in an exam room while he ran home to let his daugther into the house when she locked herself out.  He said horrible things to me as a new parent of a child in the NICU.  Please do not let him near you.  	2	1	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	AWESOME doctor!  Explained my options and let me decide. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	0	I wasn't impressed. She seems distracted and I felt like I was on an assembly line. I had hoped for some discussion of my history, but she didnt even do a routine physical for my first appointment. Addressed some knee pain, did an xray and sent me on my way. My reason for the appointment was to establish her as my Dr and address some light knee pain. I guess I will see if the next Dr will do a better job. I paid WAY to much for that appointment. 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	Dr. Sears failed miserably to answer my questions, prescribed an unnecessary (and as it turned out, dangerous) medication based on a the *maybe* 3 minutes she spent in the room with me.  Needless to say, I had to go to the doctor again (went to a different one), who immediately diagnosed and ordered the correct tests-- this was routine mono-- nothing out of the ordinary for someone in my age group.  Dr. Sears didn't even do a strep test/blood test/any test at all. And the kicker-- I was visiting family over Christmas break.  Instead of a restful time, I had to endure ill effects of what she had prescribed, only to spend even more time in a doctor's office. If your only choice is her or staying home, stay home. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
53	0	She is not very attentive. She don't read through your  chart. You want a Dr that reads through your chart and knows you. Takes time to know your systems. 	2	4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	. Pathologist- don't generally see patients in an office 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	-1	Terrible 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
55	-1	Waited for 1 hour past appt time, saw physician for about 30 seconds, second time going back for the same problem and told (again) to come back if it flares up again. 	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	After having gone through a series of tests, Doc was able to pinpoint my problem and fixed it the same day in surgery. Have not had any problems since.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
56	-1	I rather not care for this Dr. He doesn't care about helping you. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	I had pain radiating from my neck down my arm.  He said he needed to release the ulnar nerve and fix a carpal tunnel.  He did no xrays, was 95% sure this was the problem.  Wrong! He took out my stitches for the carpal tunnel and they split open.  I cried and he yelled at me.  Next visit he didn't even show up we waited over 1 1/2 hours.    Next month went to a real doctor and had my real problem fixed (I had a herniated disc at C5,C6 & C6,C7.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	Dr. Sigaty is an extremely knowledgeable, patient, kind, and thorough doctor. He is always concerned about his patients. He is always asking if the patient is comfortable or if they are having any pain with the procedure. He is very gentle and very personable with his patients. I went to another dentist for 30 plus years, so I do have a comparison. He always takes time to explain his procedure and the cost of the procedure before he begins. I feel so very fortunate to have Dr. Sigaty as my dentist. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Dr. Sigaty is an excellent Dentist. I had two crowns put in and they fit prefectly. I had no pain during the procedure and would definitely recommend Dr. Sigaty to anyone that needs a good Dentist.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
58	1	Fantastic dentist, very caring, reasonable rates, and great work! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Dr. Sigaty is awesome!  I've been seeing him for 5 years, (and also saw the prior dentist Dr. Sigaty took over for, &amp; I personally prefer Dr. Sigaty).  He is so extremely gentle-I didn't even feel the 2 novacain shots he gave me today. (and believe me, that's the first dentist I can say that of!) I think it's because he's not in a rush, takes his time, and makes a point to be gentle.  He has a very kind way about him that always makes me comfortable and at ease.  His staff is extremely friendly and conversation is so easy.  I also trust his judgement &amp; recommendations; I feel they are always in my best interest.  My overall experience with this dentist and office is fantastic - I would recommend him to anyone, hands down! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	0	My prior dentist retired and this dr took over the practice.  I have to had two teeth repaired and he doesn't do a great job.  Does very sloppy work.   The teeth he repaired look nothing like prior work I have had done.  	5	4	4	2 	Insurance:Delta Dental
59	-1	Dr. Smith's examination was QUITE brief.  At the second appointment he suggested getting an MRI.  I reminded him that we had already gotten one, so he backed off and suggested another round of physical therapy.  (which I had already done for 45 minutes daily for six weeks).   After injecting the knee, (though he still wasn't sure what was wrong) I waited a few weeks and then called as it wasn't much better.  He refused to speak with me, despite my request, preferring instead to have the nurse attempt to answer my questions.  He/she suggested more &quot;formal&quot; physical therapy, whatever that is.   I am now seeking care with another group. 	1	3	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	Dr. Smith told me that Sinvisk injections would help with the knee pain I was having. After the 3rd of 5 shots ($490.00 per shot) I asked when I would get some relief he told me a couple weeks, after that time expired he kept extending the time for pain relief. I have 5 shots and they never helped with the pain, not even for 1 day. He is a nice guy but I will not ever go and see him again.  Way to much money for nothing! 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	Pleasant doctor (to see as patient and to look at!) with knowledge in many areas of practice and diagnoses, not just sports medicine. Would recommend him to any one! Very helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	Dr. Smith is wonderful doctor! I saw her ten years ago when I was dealing with bladder issues for over 10 years. She was the first to look me in the eye and tell me that she could help me, and she has! She is amazing, and her staff is awesome! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	Excellent and very caring physician.  Has always been good with me! 	 5/20/11	5	5	5	Insurance:HealthPartners
61	1	Very pleased with the results of the mini face lift.  Staff is outstanding, Dr. Schutz delivered the results I had hoped for. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	To get rid of my acne scars Dr. Schutz was to do a simple procedure to punch my skin and put in one stich. Plan changed the day of procedure. Instead two long sections of my skin were cut out. Now I am left with two deep lines on my face that are WAY worse than the small acne scar I had. When I returned Dr. Schutz was rude. I left in tears with no solution. Just a life that I now will have with major scaring on my face that was avoidable if I hadn't had the procedure done by Dr. Schutz. Please believe me. I too did all the research to make sure this wouldn't happen to me. This is why I am writing this post to possibly reach someone who is looking to get a procedure done. 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	Had a breast augmentation in 2007. His staff was extremely helpful before the procedure, but once it was complete and they had their money...they could have cared less about me. I had complications immediately with one breast. Saw Dr. Schutz and his staff and they were anything but understanding. Other plastic surgeon in town fixed Dr. Schutz mistake. Wish I would have chosen him in the first place! The other local plastic surgeon isn't as good of a talker as Schutz, but way more knowledgeable. 	3	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	Dr Schutz and his staff are great to work with and I would go back to him again. 	5	3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	Dr. Sergeev is an excellent pediatrician. She is very personable, knowledgeable and caring. My son actually looks forward to his visits. 	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	We love Dr Spahn and his staff.  He has been our pediatrician for 9 years and we have never been disappointed.  He is very knowledgable and thorough.  He also has a wonderful &quot;bedside manner&quot;, very supportive and communicative.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
63	1	Dr. Spahn is a very intelligrent man whom comes from germany. he is an excellent pediatrician that has many years with special needs children.he takes all the time he needs in the first and every appointment there after to get to know every child he takes care of. very caring and helpful. lOVE HIM. THE STAFF IS GREAT.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
63	1	Far and away the most up to date and knowledgeable pediatrician in Rapid City.  If you want real answers and not just medications shoved down your childs throat see Dr. Spahn.  	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	-1	I would not recommend this pediatrician to any parent. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	Dr. Spahn is very supportive of alternative people/lifestyles. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	First he misdiagnosed calcifications in a mammogram. Then he was unable to provide adequate anesthesia – and was told so - before inflicting severe pain during biopsy. Staff did not follow OSHA procedures.  Got internal infection – he refused to see me - I was told to go back to my regular doctor. 	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	No wonder he is chiropractor of the year! Dr. Schwietert is impeccable, and has so much passion and information to share with his patients. If you are at all hesitant, once you meet him and see his office you'll be so glad you did! I didn't know i could feel this good! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Amazing. Dr.!! He diagnosed a problem 5 other Drs missed. He literally saved my life. I. Don't know who the last reviewer was but he sounds like a loser who didn't get what he wanted. Common with drug seekers 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	This guy should not be practicing medicine, due to his lack of care and follow up the hospital recieved a emtala violation for not giving even the basic level of care required by law.  He is very dangerous and has now had his hand slapped.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
67	1	Dr. David is an impeccable Chiropractor, he stands out in his service, and he is very passionate about living a well balanced life! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Young Dr. that keeps up with field he works in. Would strongly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	He is a great listener, is thorough, and explains things well.  He made me feel cared for and understood.  He takes his time to get things right and made me feel very comfortable.  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	-1	.  	1	5	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	-1	I made the mistake of letting this guy operate on me 3 times.  He cut up my sinus but good.  I still have constant pain &amp; frequent bleeding.  I no longer have a properly functioning sinus.  When I asked Dr. Setliff for pain medication he was condescending &amp; dismissive. A real arrogant jerk!!! Don't make same mistake I made!!! 	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Dr.  Setliff is the most knowledgeable physician I have ever been to! He answered all of my questions with out hesitation, as well as educated me on how my sinuses look compared to what a &quot;normal&quot; sinus should look like! I left the office very impressed and would recommend him to anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	Dr. Setliff is an awesome doctor.  He is Brilliant and is very kind.  He always takes time to spend with me and my family.  We never feel rushed.  He always takes time to listens.  He's helped me and my family breath and feel so much better!!!  We praise God for him!!!  Thanks Dr.  Setliff!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	-1	This old man walked into my room, bent over and hands shaking!! Very scary!!!His girlfriend that runs the office gave me a shot, and I did not have feeling in my leg for days! I will NEVER return.  	3	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	Dr Setliff was wonderful to deal with, he is easy to talk with, and very knowledgable about sinus problems.  After doing research on him and other Doctors in SF that do Sinus Surgery, I found that Dr Setliff is the only surgeon that is able to us a scope in the sinuses at all times to visualize what he is going, most other doctors need to look with a scope and then bring it out of the sinuses and do the work.  That seemed risky to me, so I was glad to have Dr Setliff, and my out come has been wonderful, I am now without sinuses infections, and my allergies are well improved.  Thank you Dr Setliff and I will send all my friend with sinuses issues to him.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	1	beautiful office.  very pleasant doctor.  great hygiene staff.  everyone was very professional and prompt.   dr swanson is a very smart, very patient dentist and does things the right way -- not a short cut, not the easy way, not the quick way.   the RIGHT way.   the first time.   always explains options and gives pros and cons of each.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
71	1	Listens and tells you what he thinks &amp; explains well.  If he doesnt know, he's not afraid to tell you.  Referred me to specialists who I did well with.  Only issue is sometimes he gets a bit behind, but he gives me all the time I need to get answers to questions, so I understand when it happens to me.   Highly recommended! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	This guy is the real deal! He has several methods of care available, and has been able to help me improve conditions that I had long written off as permanent! I receive traction therapy, massage therapy, and adjustments at his office. It is amazing how one chiropractor can be so different from the next, and I am thanking my lucky stars that I found Dr. Tracy! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Extremely helpful! My doctor recommended him when my headaches werent improving with medications. Very gentle treatments, wasn't rushed, took his time, only needed a few treatments to get me better.  Very happy! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
