dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	I don't understand the bad reviews at all. I'm very discerning and I was highly impressed with Dr. Uzomba! I was misdiagnosed several times and Dr. Uzomba finally got to the root of the problem. He is very smart and very compassionate. I did not have insurance at the time and he worked with me. He is a very sweet man, does not rush through the appointment and explains everything thoroughly to make sure you understand your diagnosis. He is one of the best Doctors I've ever been to. 	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	The staff was awesome, very helpful. Dr. Uzomba got straight to my problem and I've never felt better.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	-1	Treated for Grave's Disease.   Never had test results ready for my scheduled appointments.  Terrible patient/doctor communication.  Caused me much unnecessary grief and anxiety. Very long wait on office visits.  However very friendly and helpful staff. 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	this doctor is the best doctor in the world! he delivered mi 2 youngest sisters and mi brother who are 10 9 and 7.  we've been going to him for years! we love him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
2	0	The normal wait for Dr. Ulmer (scheduled appoinment) averages 40 min.- 90 min. in the reception area, with an additional 10 min. - 30 min. in room wait. Unfortunately, he is so over booked that by the time Dr. Ulmer is in the room with you, you are rushed and he is back out within minutes. I changed doctors because of his lack of concern. He was my family doctor for seven years. When I started seeing Dr. Ulmer at FHC, he was wonderful, but as the practice grew, patient attention was lost. 		1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Dr. Nick is the best doctor. I've been seeing him since I was little, I even shadowed him in 7th grade. He's always been very polite and just as nice as can be. The other doctors at the practice are nice as well, but whenever I find out my appointment hasn't been scheduled with him I get very, very disapointed. He tries his best to help and is pretty smart and his diagnoses are pretty much on key. I don't think you can find a better doctor. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	0	Not very personable.  Inaccurate diagnosis and not as knowledgeable as she could be.  	4	4	3	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
3	0	I have never dealt with such unprofessional office staff in all of my life. On two occasions I have been mislead by office staff. Dr Ullian is not available to speak to when there is a problem. Thanks for sending my daughters records so that I can seek another eye care provider.. 		3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	He is awful, terrible experience, he is a scam. He is not certified. Be careful. He mess with my health!!!!!!! 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
4	0	I have been to him twice both times I felt uptight.I never experienced anything like it,somethings not right with this guy.Poor bed-side manners. 	3	4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	He runs so many test for no reason. Very dramatic and he likes to just take money from the patience. Terrible experience.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
4	-1	Dr. Uzomba kept wanting to give me more and more medicine.  He threatened me more than once saying if I did not do as he said he would make sure no other doctor in town would treat me.  When I cancelled an appointment and reschedule, the next time I visited his office he yelled at me and insulted me as I was sitting in the waiting area.  I couldn't believe he was talking to me until he pointed me out.  He is crazy!  Needless to say, I stopped going to him after that. 	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	Dr Uzomba the term Dr. is used being used liberally.  When I saw Dr. Uzomba he listened well to what I had to say about my Diabetes, I am in good control and have had the desease for close to 30 years.  Actually I WAS just there for a new prescrip. on my medications. After going through many tests I returned for a second visit,  after this I was informed the tests showed no abnormal results. He did want me to start taking a anti cholesterol, I did not agree, just like others have wrote He wasn't happy I wasn't willing to pay more for drugs I don't need. After asking for prescriptions to be filled he wanted me to return for a third office visit. I would not comply (I can't afford to see a doctor6-7 times a year for no reason.  Now after 3 months of waiting his office has yet to give minimed a precrip. for the medications I NEED!!! I would NEVER tell my woest enemy to see this quack.  	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	-1	Although the staff is very nice, the doctor can stand to learn from them. He keeps you waiting longer than you should for a routine visit. He is only nice and helpful if you agree with him and he can push meds or various other treatments that you may not need or feel comfortable with. He is knowlegeable to an extent but as I just said only when you agree with him. He can be quite rude, when you disagree with him or want more information on something he says he doesn't want to argue with you (it's not arguing when you ask why a med or treatment is necessary) and he gets up and walks you to the area where you get the bloodwork done regardless if you have any other questions or concerns. This doctor needs a lesson in compassion and understanding. 	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	dr. uzomba fixed me the first visit. i have been doctoring with my primary for five years and was so frustrated at how i felt. dr uzomba is very knowledgable and listens to you. he diagnosed me on the first visit and my thyroid and diabetes are now under control. he expects his patients to be compliant and doesnt hestitate to let you know if you arent. He is a very good endocrinologist.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	-1	I have been under Dr. Uzomba's care for not quite a year. Although he appears competent on most topics, I feel it's time to look for a new doc. for several reasons.      He can be a bit arrogant, especially when challenged with a question, answer or opinion.  I felt belittled on more than one occasion.  I have used a pump for 6yrs and know the thing inside/out. On one occasion, he argued with me that I was doing things incorrectly, but did not say another word when the Nutritionist on site  agreed with me. He has also disagreed with me on what works best to treat my illness.  I've been a diabetic long enough to know what works  and what doesn't.  He is quick to write prescrip for new drugs on the market-I've rec'd 6 new prescrip all of which were never filled.  My diabetes is under control, so why fix what isn't broken&#63;    His staff isn't the brightest group.  If you're not completely frustrated when you leave, you did very well. Disorganized and clueless!! 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Nurse who removed my stitches was rude and rough! Seriously think stitches were removed early, but those were Doc orders. She then bandaged and he came in and said, &quot;looks good.&quot; Dont know how he would have known that. Dr. Ugino knows his stuff - was able to use my hand a lot sooner than predicted. Prepare to wait for follow-up visits...room was full. There were SIX of us with the exact same appt time.  	2	1	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	-1	I saw Dr. Ugino for tendinitis and he was very rude!  I must have been frowning and he frowned at me like I was a little child.  I should have left right then. 	3	1	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Doctor Ugino is excellent - great bedside manor, very knowledgeable - and I would certainly recommend him to anyone.  His office has several issues though that I have found to be typical over Midlands Orthopedic - overbooking appointments, some rude staff (not all, just some), and billing issues - they billed me for having two cysts removed and I definitely only had one removed.  Be cautious with this practice's billing dept.  But the doctor himself is very good.  	2	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Dr. Ugino is a diamond in the rough! Orthopods are busy people, so be prepared to wait. I didn't wait on surgery, just the follow up. His waiting room was FULL.  I can't even see my scar! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	0	Dr. Udani made me feel rushed and showed very little concern for my issues.  Even brushed off a potentially cancerous lesion as &quot;dry skin&quot;.  I won't be returning here. 	5	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	very kind, very knowledgeable doctor.  She really listened and took great precautions with my health 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	If you want a great family/general doctor Dr. Udani will fit this requirement.  She is very professional, takes time and listens, very proficient.  I have never waited more than 15 mins - and I can also get an appointment.  Very Very happy with Dr. Udani and her staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	0	Staff very helpful but the doctor's punctuality was very poor.  No time managment skill's what so ever! Someone buy the lady a watch! 	5	1	3	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
7	-1	She was so late to see me (almost an hour past my appointment time) that I almost left. Her staff gave me a lengthy handout about acne (I have adult acne) that included an insanely complicated routine for treatment (not practical at all) and suggested I avoid certain foods and drinks, which is very old-school thinking when it comes to acne. I found her to be charming, personally, but I didn't feel she was practical at all when it came to her suggested treatment plan. I didn't return.  	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	I have been to many dermatologists over the years. She is the only one who diagnosed my skin condition properly and educated me. She is eccentric AND very knowledgeable. Numerous family members and friends are loyal to her despite her quirkiness because she knows what she is talking about.  		1	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
7	-1	The worst dermatologist I have ever been to. First off she is very very rude. For my first visit for acne she was ready to start doing surgery on my face . She goes on and on and on non stop pretty much yelling at you for no reason. The nurses said &quot;she is always like this&quot; I could not believe that a nurse even told me how she was. Don't waste your time this lady is crazy.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	0	Poor time management skills. Tempermental and rude to staff and would make inappropriate comments to patients.  		1	3	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	I was referred by my Endocronologist to Dr. Ulrich. He has been pleasant, right to the point and a God send to me and my Sister. I was diagnosed and received relief for the pain without pain meds. My sister was referred by me due to a 2 year problem with pain in her left arm and shoulder. No other Dr. would run tests and he ordered test on the first visit to find Arterial issues that needed surgery immediatly.  He saved her life. Please listen to what he says and he can improve your life or even save it. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	There are other doctors, try them. At first nice but after a year, he does not seem to care. He makes you feel like a rat in a lab. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	This guy suppose to be the top refered by baylor hospital system Dallas. The guy has no clue what he is doing and doesn't help his patients in my personal opinion and experience. I wasted time with this guy and he had no clue what was causing the problem. This doctor is as good as it gets. Try is or take my words and look for a better Neurologist practice beside this place called DALLAS PA something. These morons are the oncall doctors for Hospital in Dallas Baylor in Downtown so don't expect much help from the hospital or doctor affiliation. Total of my time waste. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
