dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	They were very busy and still managed to check up on me often to make sure I was doing alright. When Dr. Young met with me, she was very sweet and friendly, assured me they would take complete care of me. My stitches were expertly done and they are healing beautifully. I would recommend her to anyone.  :) 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	Very good doctor, knowledgeable, polite and experienced. Helped a few members of my family. Highly recommend her clinic. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Fantastic doctor and staff.  All my family are seen at this clinic. Dr. Young has removed multiple dysplastic moles on myself and caught a severely dysplastic 2mm nevus early. I am a local physician and highly recommend Dr. Young and her staff to all. Also only dermatologist in town who sends all biopsies directly to a dermatopathologist to read.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	-1	Called them a month before we went in-asked questions about them accepting our insurance, the lady put me on hold, came back, said yes, no prob--talked to her like 10 minutes to make sure could be be seen for severe body acne...no problem.  Asked if they need anything else, was told no.  Showed up for appointment and was told I need a referral card--drove 90 minutes one way to get there.  Asked them why I wasn't told I would need a referral--they said &quot;everyone&quot; knows you need one....If &quot;everyone&quot; is supposed to know, how come I wasn't told when I called and asked a month ago.....They just kept saying, It's your insurance, you should know---well, THEY knew, clearly, but no one said a thing, despite me asking several questions when I booked the appt.  Finally got seen, was rushed through &amp; dismissed. 	2	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Wonderful doctor...My daughters love her, she has removed several moles from my youngest &amp; then laser surgery to help &quot;hide&quot; the scars. Very nice job! We will continue to see her for ALL of our skin care needs.            Thank you Dr.Young &amp; staff 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	-1	Had problems with my legs, she wouldn't even look at them, handed my a prescription and said she's seen rashes before.  Very unprofessional! Spent less than 1 minute with me.  	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	-1	Not recommended 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	he is awesome! he is very knowledge and is very good with kids 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	learned doctor with good manner. helps with children.  Takes care of problem 	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
3	-1	 	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
