dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
3	1	commentsI was very satisfied with the care i got. I had a problem no one in town could diagnose,  Dr. Wadee listened, comforted me and had an indepth knowledge of what my problem. the next time I saw him i had forgotten how much pain and sadness i had from this problem i had for almost 2 years 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	commentsleft his office and waiting after waiting over 3   hours. he refued to rewrite blood pressure script 	1	1	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	 Dr. Walkup is a patient doctor who gives his patients time to talk without interupting.  He is very knowedlegable about the medications available to many types of mental health disorders. Dr. Walkup will not push his patients (myself included) to take medications you may not feel comfortable with using...especially if taking other meds as well.  He is up-to-date with the latest research in the psychiatric field.  I have been a patient of Dr. Walkup for around 10 years, and have always been comfortable working with him to help me stay &quot;a happy me&quot; instead of living with depression/darkness/despair.  I hope this was helpful.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	 Dr. Walkup has been very patient over the years and has never stopped seeking solutions. Finally, he recommended a vagus nerve stimulator after it came out for use for depression. It's taken awhile but I am doing better now and staying out of hospitals! Dr. Walkup is open-minded and innovative. He's a fine doctor.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
11	1	 Excellent quality service, I felt better after the first visit and my pain was completely gone a few days later.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	 Dr.  Durant is a very professional dentist and has an excellent staff 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	 I had much better experience with Dr. Durant than a much more popular pediatric dentist in town. She was good, some of her office staff was new and didn't know some things, but was still helpful and didn't stop until she found the right answer.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
19	0	 staff was inexperienced- went there 2 years ago for a few different appointments for my children- cleanings, cavities, etc... Dr. was friendly one minute, crass, the next... unpredictable mood...  and seemingly unprofessional 	2	3	2	3	Insurance:Delta Dental
19	-1	 ignores phone calls. promises to call back but does'nt.  	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$300
22	0	 Just didn't seem to care too much about me. More of a business to him... Which I guesss it is...  		3	3	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$3500
22	1	 Great doctor, wonderful bedside manner. He always displays interest in our whole family's life and health. I always recommend him.  		5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
26	1	comments 	3	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	 STAY AWAY.  Makes snap judgments and ill-informed diagnoses that can do serious damage to patients.  	3	3	2	2	Insurance:Aetna
32	1	 Dr.  Wachtel is good but his help/receptionist is NOT! 	2	3	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	commentshe's very knowledgable, honestr &amp; kind. very respectful &amp; curtious. very admirable. alot of clinincal on hand experience, makes others learn &amp; understand &amp; feel confident in his medical expertise. HE's GENIUINELY A COMPASSIONATE DR! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	 He is gracious, patient, courteous and if he doesn't know the answer to the problem, he will be the first to tell you.  I'm 68+ and love him as a doctor.  I TRUST HIM, and that is a very important element between doctor and patient.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
33	1	commentsDr. Wallace is a very kind, interested, and knowledgeable doctor.  I wish there were more physicians like him.  Some of his staff are rude and abrupt, but I called this to his attention and he took care of it. 	2	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	 I went to Dr Wadud as a new patient in June 2012. Dr Wadud did blood tests on me and suspected from my test results that I had hyperparathyroidism. After sending me for more blood tests, it was confirmed. I had had this disease for many years and previous doctors had missed it over and over again. I have since gone to Dr Norman in Tampa Fl for surgery and am cured. I will be forever grateful to Dr Wadud for her thoroughness &amp; exceptional knowledge.  	2	1	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
37	1	commentsThe woman who greets you is not friendly. Never smiles. Very abrupt. The nurse is fantastic. Dr. Wadud is fabulous! The wait time is terrible. Everyone in the waiting room complains. Never enough chairs to sit on in the main waiting room. Smoking is allowed right outside the door you have to enter. The nurse and Dr. Wadud are wonderful, they just need to replace the office staff. 	2	1	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
37	0	commentsTime management to decrease office wait time needs to be improved. 	2	1	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	commentsThe absolute rudest front desk staff I have ever encountered.  Once you get back to see the doctor it is fine but the office staff makes you really want to find another doctor. 	1	4	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	 Dr. Walker is a great family Dr and I highly recommend him.  I have been going to him for YEARS.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
42	1	 I think alot of Dr. Walker and his staff. He has taken care of my parents and was there and informative when my dad had a massive stroke. Very compassiant man.  I will continue going to him until he retires which I hope he never does 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	 I have gone to Dr. Walker for over 10 years and have been well cared for.  He does work at a fast pace, however has always had time to answer questions.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	-1	 Both of the times I've been to him, he gives medication in a 5-10 minute period, doesn't really examine, and then leaves without telling you what you have!  He actually leaves to write the prescription, and a nurse brings it in.   It has left me going hunh&#63; 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	 I believe Dr.  Walker is very compassionate and knowledgeable- I went in one day to talk about my elderly mom- I was upset - he sat and listened- NO CHARGE!- was quick to offer solutions to help me as a caregiver- got me the necessary home care we needed and referred us to a specialist who was just as wonderful! He's a general practioner and refers - if and when he finds it necessary! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	-1	 the office manager  I think her name is shenell is very rude when ihad questions Bout my insurance.   No one wears name tags 	2	3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	-1	 Poor excuse for a dr.  breezes in and out of exam room only to refer, refer, refer.  Spent less than 10 minutes w/me.   When I rec'd bill for $150.00 I thought this had to be an error.  Not at all, that's what he thinks 10 minutes of his time is worth.  Huge disappointment.  	1	2	1	2	Insurance:Medicare
42	1	commentsFrom the minute I walked in the office, I was treated with respect and kindness. Dr Walker does work at a faster pace than most other doctors I have been to, but he is very knowledgeable and helpful. You could not ask for a better doctor. 	4	4	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	 Seems like all he cares about is the money he gets for an office visit. When I went for my annual pre-mammogram, he refused to do a breast exam, saying I should get the mammogram first and then if they found anything, then he'd check. He just didn't want to waste the time when he could get in three more office visits in the same time. Also, he also prescribes just about anything you want. When my brother heard that, he went, seeking narcotics. My sister and I even warned him that our brother was an addict and begged him not to prescribe any narcotics, but he prescribed narcotics to him anyway. Needless to say, we found another doctor.  	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$20
42	-1	 Dr. Walker was very dismissive with my condition.  Because he was so quick to shrug off my condition, I landed in the emergency room soon after.  All of which could have been avoided with proper basic medical attention.  	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Humana
45	1	 Dr. Walker changed my life.  I was unable to function before I saw him.  I had been treated at the Diamond Headache Clinic and I still suffered from daily chronic headaches, migraines, and cluster headaches.  My pain is much more under control and I can function and experience daily events without worrying about my pain level.  :) 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
45	1	commentsExcellant doctor, knowledgeable and good bedside manner. I went to 4 other neurologists in the Chas area, they were of Little or No help at all. Very good with diagnosis, and getting the facts and information needed. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	commentsDr.Walker saved my daughters life.  She had been miss diagnosed by neurologist in Cola. SC Dr. Walker took the time to listen and believed in her. She was bed ridden for 21/2 years before we found him.  He diagnosed her on the first visit and was correct.  As her mother I will always be grateful for him.  I know Taryn would not be here today if we had not found him when we did. 	4	3	3	5	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	 Service and punctuality used to be bad, but it was great last time I went. I commented and he said they were really working on that. Love Dr. Walker. I've been seeing him for about 8 yrs for migraine and he has really helped me. Before him, I spent about 15 years going to roughly 6 doctors that treated me like a whiner. I was having about 15 migraines a month, which greatly affected my job and quality of life. Now I have 2 or 3. He made me feel emotionally better, like I at least had hope at the very first appointment. Even though we had to try allot of things to get where we are. But that's normal. He doesn't rush and it's an enjoyable visit, for having to go to the doctor.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	-1	 The staff is the worst imaginable. Walker did not find what was wrong with our daughter but a neurosurgeon did a neurological test and found the problem very quickly. We sat in a hotel room waiting for him or his office to call us with MRI results and instead of calling us (he knew we were waiting to hear the results) he left for a 2 week vacation. It took us 6 weeks to hear from him and he still didn't figure out the problem.  	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	 Super knowledgeable with a great bedside manner.  An expert in Psuedo Tumor Cerebri.  I was sick for 3 months and saw several doctors including another neurologist who failed to diagnosis or treat me correctly.  I am know sympton free and would highly recommend this doctor.  Is actually a neuro-opthalmologist which means he is an opthalmologist and neurologist.  He has just decided to specialize now in neurology.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
45	-1	comments 	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	commentsBest dentist ever. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	 Doesn't have an on call Dr. number. I was in pain and just wanted to speak to a dentist that knew me, and let them know what was going on. I had to go to an urgent care to get antibiotics sbd pain meds that didn't work.  	5	4	3	4	Insurance:Anthem
61	-1	 Unprofessional, terrible results. Would not recommend him to anyone. Doesn't careabout patient, only your money.  	3	2	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$200
72	1	 Dr. Wagner and staff were very cordial and helpfull.  I have never been rushed through a visit.  Dr. Wagner explained my treatment very well and I have been pleased with everything she has done for me.  I was taking far too many medications by my previous doctor and she is helping me get off of so many of them.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
72	-1	commentsStaff leaves a lot to be desired and if you have to deal with crap before you get to the a decent doctor, it ain't worth my time. 	1	3	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	 What a wonderful dentist and human being! Really caring, patient, and understanding. The best quality dental work you could ever have! He also happens to be president of the SC Dental Board.In all by 71 years, I've never had a better dentist. I've been his patient for about 20 years.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
84	1	.  kind, compassionate, and knowledgeable---truly is emotional vested in the well being of his patients 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
84	1	 Very knowledgable and stays on the cutting edge of what's happening in his field; He's  compassionate, respectful of your dignity and competent in specialty.  Instills hope and allows you to be a part of the treatment team 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	1	commentsthe best doctor that will come across your life 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
91	-1	 Each time (4 visits) I waited about hour or more over the scheduled appt. time.  Did not take my  concern about med. side effects very seriously.  I did not feel he was listening very well as he said &quot;What&quot; very often and was very loud.  	5	1	1	2	Insurance:Medicare
