dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
2	1	 Dr. Dib takes his time to make sure that you thoroughly understand your diagnosis and does a great job of answering all of your questions. He's very thorough and has followed up with a number of my other Doctors. Most importantly, he genuinely cares about you as a patient.  I would highly recommend him! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	 Very knowledgeable.  Took all the time I needed to be sure I understood my situation and what it was going to take to be on the mend.  Very gentle spirit and is very caring.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:HealthPartners
2	1	commentsI have known Dr. Dib for over a year beginning with my diagnosis of non-Hodgkins lymphoma.  I consider myself fortunate to have him as my oncologist.  He is caring, considerate, intelligent and well-spoken with a great &quot;bedside&quot; manner.  Not once did I feel rushed when in an appointment with Dr. Dib and there were times that I asked a lot of questions.  I would recommend him highly to anyone being treated for cancer. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	 DR DAVIS IS THE BEST OBGYN I HAVE SEEN.  SHE IS SO CARING, ANSWERS ALL QUESTIONS. I WAS IN PRETERM LABOR FOR 3 MONTHS AND SHO WAS GREAT. RIGHT MEDS, KNEW WHEN TO HOSPTALIZE ME AND SHE WAS SO CALMING. LOVE HER AND RECOMMEND HER TO EVERYONE. MY DAUGHTER IS NOW SEEING HER ALSO.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:HealthPartners
4	1	 Dr Davis is the best dr I have ever been too.  She is very caring, always trying to get to the root of the problem, asks and cares about your complete wellbeing.  She always takes time to answer any questions.  I would and have recommended her to anyone 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	-1	commentsdoctor should do his job and not accuse me of taking pain meds. Than the doctor found out I just had surgery. NO SORRY... All that he had to say was don't ask me for anything... wichI never did or was going to. I highly do not recommend this doctor! He will Judge you the minute you walk in. as well as I have been sitting here now for three hours. I wrote this while waiting.. 	4	1	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
16	0	commentsMy experiences with this doctor fluctuate hugely; I thought he was a great family dr. at first, then there was a billing dispute and he became incredibly rude, berating, and dismissive over a minor charge that I was disputing.  It was so off-putting that I have to quit him as a dr.  I would not recommend him to anyone looking for a emotionally stable, consistently professional physician. 	4	3	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	 I have been a Registered Nurse for 21 years and have been an Intensive Care Unit nurse, a Nurse Educator, and am now a Certified Care Manager for seniors and those with disabilities.  My husband is a Registered Nurse also with General Medical, Pre-Operative, GI experience.  I worked with Dr. Diamond professionally in the hospital as well as with my clients.  He is an excellant physician.  With our background, my husband and I are very choosy about who we will let treat us and our family. Dr. Diamond is the physician our family chooses and I frequently recommend him to friends and others who ask my opinion.  He is a very thorough physician, very knowledgable and best of all understands his strengths and weaknesses. He is not afraid or too arrogant to refer to a specialist and is very collaborative in his care.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	0	commentsDiamond seems very pleased with himself.  Can be arrogant and dismissive. 	4	1	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	commentsI can't understand the last post....REALLY&#63;&#63; I agree more with the others.  He does take TIME and was very concerned about me - not just the refill I needed but preventative care and how I have been doing with some other issues... His office provides appointment reminders, and always call my tests results back the next day!  His staff are as personable and caring as any office I have ever been in. This is a great doctor ! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	commentsVery judgemental.Doesn't listen to patients. Assumes the worst of people. Doesn't understand treating patients versus treating a number/chart/diagnosis. 	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
16	0	 Not helpful, he was in to big of a hurry. Did not want to listen to what I was saying, had his mind made up before he even talked to me. Made me feel stupid and like I was wasting his time.  Then he talks about everything at the fromt desk where everybody can hear it, again very embarrassing 	3	1	2	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	commentsI feel Dr Diamond was very knowlegable and aggressive with his care. My daughter has a very hard time breathing asthema this Dr was the only one out of 5 that got it right. He is prompt very kid friendly. We were an inch from going to Denver Jewish hospital. He gave us his cell phone number and asked us to call anytime we need him. Anytime. We were on a trip and called back home and he called the prescription into a pharmacy on our trip my child was miserable without the medicine. He sits with me and will explain the problem. I would recommend Dr Diamond to anyone who want's a Dr that care's. I my self and daughters go here and will continue to. Friendly staff in the office too. You only wait 10 minutes before being seen. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	 Dr. Dierks is awesome!!! Everyone should go to him!!! I had issue with previous Dr. and went to Dr. Dierks as a referral, he is now my primary Dr.  and will never go to anyone else!!! Great Dr, and one heck of a good guy!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	 Very consistent staff, information, and level of care. I've been seen for a variety of issues over 4 years and Dr. Dierks has been very knowledgeable on every subject.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	commentsAfter unsatisfactory trips to my previous Dr. I went to Dr. Dierks on a referral from a friend. I thought he was great. Very personable. Took the time I needed and was thorough. I made him my regular Dr. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	 I can always get in for an appointment and I feel like I can take the time I need (never feel rushed. ) 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	commentsGreat doctor very helpful and listens to my problems.  Always takes the time to listen to your problems and help you with suggestions.  I am in my 50's and just started to go to him.  He is one of the best doctors I have ever been to.  I have made him my primary doctor as he always goes above and beyond to help me. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	 My two children love Dr. Dierks as does my husband! He takes time to talk and get to know us as people, not just patients. His staff is also wonderful! I would trust him to care for my family and friends.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	 very caring, gentle with children, explains things so I can understand more clearly, without making me feel like I am wasting his time.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	 This dr takes the time to get to know the patient on a personal level.  He is not one to walk in the room and get you out the door as fast as you came in.   He was always willing to answer any questions we had and if he didn't know the answer he would check into it and get back to us personally!!!! 	5	5	4	4	Insurance:Workers Comp
17	1	commentsDr. Dierks was great.  He helped me with everythign I needed. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	commentsThis newbie dosen't know warts from atopic dermatis or aids to the common cold. He is generally unhelpful and will give you the run around and send you to someone else. If you ever meet him you know what Thats not my area or specialty means. Tell me something what is your specialty. Don't see this clown or see him if you want to visit an incompetant idiot. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	 We have been going to him for 15 about 13 yrs.  He has given birth to all 3 of my children and has done a fabulous job.  He has the best bedside manner of any MD (and I am a nurse so that is a good compliment) He takes time with his patients, listens to them and does a good job explaining things.  He always follows up with you and did come to visit me while in the hospital for something not even related to the care he had given me.  So very caring and compassionate.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	commentsI agree with all the other comments, we to have gone to him for years and have had nothing but excellent treatment. Before going to Dr Dehaan I really didnt care do Dr visits and now I look forward to seeing him. Recently I was hospitalized for a reather severe infection and was admitted through the ER unfortunatly he was not on cal at the time and I was admitted by one of his other partners (who did a great job also). Several days went by and Dr Dehaan stopped in to check on me on a tuesday morn, it was a great visit. I told my wife who works in the medical field that he had stopped by on the tuesday morning, and she had told that was his day off! What a great guy, caring, compassionate and very deicated to his patients. I will recommend no other GP. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	commentsHe takes the time I need to talk with me.  He explains things in a way I understand without talking down to me.  He is interested in my family (and remembers!).  He keeps up with recent research.  He refers me to a specialist when necessary.  He has a wonderful bedside manner and shows me respect. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	commentsHe is the Best. He is a gentle, caring Doctor. My Family has been going to him for 15 years. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	commentspediatrian for my niece and sister, took extra care and showed great kindness to both when her husband died. will never forget his kindnes and care of them both. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	 He is a great doctor--have used him for our family for almost 15 years. Will continue to do so unless we ever move from the area.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	commentsThe Best OB GYN Ever! Would definitely recommend her. She makes you feel so comfortable and secure. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	 A.  Front desk receptionist unknowledgable and flighty but they changed that.  Sitting with sick child in room for an hour and forgot us.  No communication between nurses, staff and patients.  They made me feel like a bad mom because I chose to leave and take my child home after waiting an hour and a half.  	1	1	3	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$20
24	1	 My husband myself and my children adore Dr.  Diehl She really is a great listener and has always taken very good care of the kids! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	 Dr. Diehl has always been there for our children.  They love her.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
24	-1	commentsStaff was rude, rushed and more interested in their private lives (especially Janet) instead of what else was going on with my child in the  office. It was a terrible experience that wasn't made better with a teddy bear that a nursing assistant pulled out of a box. They need to get real Nurses who know their jobs and care about the patients who are in the office. 	1	3	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	commentsI have had two children and she has delivered both of them.  She was caring attentive and helpful with anything I needed.  All my questions and concerns were answered and I wouldn't trust anyone else to be in the delivery room.  When something is a concern she gets straight to the point and lets me know what is going on.  I feel very comfortable and reassured knowing she is taking care of my children and I. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	commentsShe had me come in so I could get my prescription refilled. She gave me a chest x-ray and put me on a breathing machine,all of which had nothing to do with what my prescription was for. I had the feeling she had me mixed up with another patient!! Then she told me I should not smoke and charged me $20.00 just for saying that!! 	3	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	commentsSweet, but I felt rushed at every appointment I had with her while I was pregnant. During my delivery, she failed to check on me once. In fact, when she finally came to see me she said I was ready to start pushing. It was not a very good experince for first time parents. She is a good Doctor otherwise; but for a prenatal and delivery doctor I don't recommend. 	2	2	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	 Office Staff are the best, and Dr. Diehl has been outstanding. Always helpful, knowledgeable, and willing to answer questions. He is not afraid to do what is best for the patient, to get them the care that they need.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
51	0	.  I have nothing good to say about this office in general 	1	3	1	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	 Dr. Diehl is a very helpful, thoughtful, and caring OB.  While pregnant with my first, I experienced first trimester bleeding.  He personally stayed after hours to give me a sonogram, which helped rest assured everything was okay.  He took the necessary time to discuss any issues with me, and if he didn't have the answers, he'd get them.  Unfortunately, we had to relocate midway through my pregnancy.  Dr. Diehl even helped try to find an OB in my new location.  He is just wonderful, I highly recommend him.  His nurse Lyndi is great, and the office staff is very freindly.  Go to him! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	 Dr. Diehl made my pregnancy wonderful!  He answered all of my questions at every visit, taking as much time as necessary.  Dr. Diehl was always compassionate and caring.   I would highly recommend this OB!  He was great! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	comments 	4	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	commentsHe is friendly and very knowledgeable.  He does not keep me waiting and he is always helpful. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	 Fantastic, this Doctor has such a good bed side mannor, and really cares.  Over all one of the best I have known.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:HealthPartners
63	1	 He is the greatest.  He has been my Doctor for 20 years!  He has time to listen to ALL my concerns.  I would highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
63	1	 Wonderful Dr. I would not be here today if it wasn't for Dr. Day not one else could help me or wanted to find the problem.  He did and found what was wrong, great Doctor 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	 He saved my life when I was bleeding to death.  He always takes time to answer all questions and genuinely cares about his patients.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	commentsToo many red flags went up when I saw him ,When my Dr was too busy. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	commentsOne of the Best Family physicians in Sioux Falls. I have been seeing him since I was a child and will continue to until I move or he retires. 		4	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	 refreshing to have a &quot;real&quot; doctor in town.  Cares about you asks questions and listens to your answers.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	1	 Dr. Den Hartog is an extremely thorough, compassionalte and knowledgable physician. His surgery on my foot neuroma and bone spur cured the difficulties I had with those problems. His follow-up was immediate and concerned. The surgical facility where I was treated was clean and comforting. The staff was dedicated and professional. I would recommend his services to anyone in need of orthobedic surgery.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
99	1	commentsI requested a 2nd opinon from Dr Den Hartog. He helped me make a decision on a surgery which I did have done. He helped me understand that the surgery was quite simple. The surgeon himself was not willing to spend more than about 2 minutes explaining the procedure to me. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
99	-1	commentsPut patient back on walking without taking xrays, there was a broken screw and the leg was still broken, had to have surgery all over again, by a different surgeon of course. 		3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
