dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
6	1	.  A VERY FRIENDLY AND KNOWLEDGABLE DOCTOR 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
11	0	commentsDr. Quattlebaum is inappropriate and does not provide recommendations that are considerate of his patient's beliefs. He is gentle, but does not have a good bedside manner. Quattlebaum suggested that I drink a lot of vodka right before my appointments with gynecologists. When I did not seem enthusiastic and said I didn't drink, he assumed it was for religious reasons. He tells sensitive patients stories of his other patients(8 year old child with a green bean stuck, woman put a big bow in front of her vagina for him as a Christmas joke, etc) in hopes of setting them at ease. 	5	5	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	.   	3	2	1	1	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:N/A
16	1	commentsUnbelievable Surgeon. Right on time. Very through. I Trust him completely. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	 Poor bedside manner, self-absorbed, no explanation of procedure, got offended when asked to explain anything. Bad experience - will not go back.  	2	2	1	2	Insurance:N/APaid/Co-pay:$500
16	1	 Knowledgeable, Experienced, Gifted and to the point.  Immediately addressed my concerns and recommended a safe, sure, logical and appropriate course of treatment.  Highly recommended.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
16	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	commentsWell qualified and punctual.  I have been using him for over five years with good success concerning my prostrate health and kidney stones. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	 I went to Dr. Quaye first for my yearly exam. I had just gotten married.  She didn't do a pregnancy test on me.  She told me I had PCOS and would have a hard time getting pregnant.  Lo and behold a few weeks later I took a pregnancy test and it was positive.  She was my OB/GYN for my pregnancy.  She never answered my questions during my pregnancy.  She was so concerned about my weight that she was sure I would have gestational diabetes.  My tests came back normal, but she STILL made me see a dietician and test my blood.  Then when I was in labor, I spiked a temperature of 105.  Did she decide to do a c-section&#63; No.  I labored for 18 hours with a fever until she finally decided to do the section.  My baby came out with a fever.  She is only concerned with weight issues and does not treat all races of patients equally.  Since then I have not been back to her, and I advise everyone else to not go to her if you want quality health care.  	4	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
24	-1	 Just not very friendly or helpful. Took forever to see and was in and out way too fast with what mattered.  	4	1	2	2	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-CalPaid/Co-pay:N/A
24	-1	commentsThis doctor is very sneaky and can not be trusted.  Instead of being up front with her patients, she goes behind their back and violates their rights of privacy. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	 Throughout my entire pregnancy she acted like me throwing up was no big deal. I ended up in the hospital 3 times for dehydration. Finally now that my son is 10 months old she tells me it was possible that it was from a salt deficiency. Recently she put me on Yaz and I went back to her with a problem about it and all she wanted to do was switch my birth control. She didn't even want to attempt to explain to me why I haven't had a period in 3 months. She does not take anyone seriously or care about her patients. She is always late and only spends 5-10 minutes in the room with you. I will never go see her again.  	2	1	1	2	Insurance:TricarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
24	-1	 Dr. Quaye did not take adequate time to listen to issues that I was experiencing. Have not historically had issues therefore I felt it important that someone listen. Instead she made a few cursory remarks and left the room without further explanation. In all she spent let than 10 minutes with me. I will NOT see her again - I felt like I was an inconvenience in her day.  	2	2	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
27	1	 Awesome doctor! Provided the most help with psoriasis out of 20 years of dealing with it. Very kind and friendly staff.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$46
27	-1	commentsIn it for the money 		3	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
