dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
4	1	 You will not find a more thorough doctor than Dr. Hammell. He is concerned of your overall health not just your neck and back. He performed a thorough exam. His staff which is his wife is very nice and educated and experienced on insurance. She is also a certified chiropractic asst.He has a fully equipped clinic with x-rays.I can't say enough about this clinic. If you are on Interstate 90 stop in. You will get your money's worth.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	-1	 He brushed me in and out of his office, didn't explain my condition nor did he seem interested.  I found his bedside manner very chilly which would have been acceptable if he had been helpful, but he basically brushed me off, in a hurry to go elsewhere.  	3	5	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	commentsCould not adk for a more personal/caring doctor.  Feel most comfortable with him and his staff.  Lab work and procedures are explained completely and returns calls (or staff) in a swift manner. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	commentsDoc Harvison is very caring, wants to find solutions. 	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	commentsDr. Harvison is a very good Doctor.  He has a great 'bed side manner'.  He has a great sense of humor!  He listens and seems to care about his patients. I would recommend him very much! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	commentsDr. Hajal seems to truly care about my sleep issues and my health and is working WITH me to find a solution.  Also, he has a great sense of humor, which I find most helpful.  I would definitely reccomend him to my friends. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	 dr rizan hajal didn't do anything except prescribe me a bunch of medication. keep in mind that i was 16 at the time, and i feel that i was way too young to be taking lunesta, ambien, every other sleeping pill under the roof, etc. would NEVER go back to him, ever.  	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	commentsVery knoweldgable and caring. Explained to me everything that needs to be done. Strongly recommended 	4	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	commentsDr Hajal did a great job explaning my condition and was very helpful thru my treatment. If you have any sleep apnea or have been told you have sarcoidosis, I recommend that you see him. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	commentsHe is a very wonderful physician and really cares about his patients. I live out of the state he works in but travel to it just to see him when I need to because I wouldnt trust anyone else as much as him. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	commentsGreat Dr. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	 Dr. Hanley is awesome. I can really tell he cares about me and all aspects of my treatment. He is the best psychiatrist in the area. I have seen most others. His staff is tremendous as well.  He even makes personal telephone calls when warranted! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
23	1	 He is a very caring psychiatrist that genuinely want to help his patients.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
27	1	.  great 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Humana
29	1	commentsHe's not &quot;Mr Personality&quot;, but answers questions and knows his stuff.  He doesn't try to rip off the ins co, by doing unnecessary procedures.  I would return to him for surgery in a heartbeat. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	 The staff is fantastic. Really informative and supportive. You are encouraged to call anytime you have questions or concerns. These people are friends now.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	commentsDr. Hammer sewed up a laceration on a Saturday when he was not even on call. He did a great job and I have no noticeable scar. Is the previous message poster a Sanford employee&#63; 	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	commentsThe BEST!  I cannot say enough good things about Dr. Haft.  He is everything you would want in a doctor.  Professional, approachable, kind, smart, etc.  I could go on and on.  Most definatley one of the best doctors ever.  Sioux Falls is so fortunate to have a quality physician like him! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	 Dr. Hart is a very courtious Dr. with very good bed side manners. He won't give up on you til he finds out whats wrong, even if he has to send you to a specilist. He's not affraid to say he doesn't know, BUT he will find out. He saved my mothers life. My adult family goes to him and is very satisified. Very knowledgeable man. Very busy, very kind, but won't take alot of hooey from anyone. We always get results. Thank You Dr. Hart.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	commentsThe best orthopedic surgeon in Rapid City! Wouldn't go to anyone else. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	commentsDr. Hansen is everything you would expect in a great doctor: very large depth of knowledge, very sharp to catch minor details that may lead to something bigger, and LISTENING to the patient! He is the single best doctor I have dealt with in my life (aside from the timeliness factor, but I understand he was overbooked because so many people trusted and were seeing him). If he were to enter FP again I would recommend him to anyone and everyone (he left active practice to pursue cosmetic medical interests). 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	 This is an awesome doctor.  Until he left the sycamore and 4th ave practice.  He was our family doctor for many many years.  I thought he was awesome and he was good with my children.  Very respectful, courteous, once in awhile late.  I have major medical problems, spinal strokes and many other conditions.  I wish he was back in family practice because the doctor I got after him is the worst I have ever had.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
62	1	 I saw him in Acute Care, he was very nice and knowledgeable both when I saw him and another time when my child saw him. He is a very caring doctor who figured out the problem and made sure all bases were covered, even making me go to the ER for an extra test. I was able to avoid hospitalization because he was so thorough and gave me an antibiotic shot right away, and he left my Acute Care visit notes with my regular doctor so he would know what was going on when I saw him the next day (I was told to make an appointment and tell them I had to be seen). He also explained things to me so I knew exactly what was going on. He is easy to talk to, also it is easy to ask him questions, as he is nice about answering them. He will go the extra mile to make sure that you are going to be okay.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	commentsHe spent extra time with me discussing my sons asthma. he was very knowledgable. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
62	-1	commentsThe man didn't seem to respect me or the field of medicine. 		1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	.  willing to combine appointments for various family members which is very helpful 		3	4	4	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$15
72	1	commentsWent there for acl surgery and he did an excellent job and gave a great discount for being in sports then went there for broken ankle and had surgery also did a great job just 3 months later 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	 Dr.  Harbert was wonderful! He treated my child for a broken arm and I highly recommend him!! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	-1	 Had to go to Sioux falls to get my arm repaired after Dr.  Harbert did surgery 	3	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	 The best psychiatrist I've been to. He always, always asked me what I thought about my treatment, something psychiatrists seldom do. I felt in control and I wasn't prescribed medications I wasn't willing to take. He's professional and punctual, I was never left waiting and calls were returned promptly. He listened to all of my concerns and made suggestions, recommending other therapies when indicated.  I was his patient for two and a half years but then had to move with the Air Force. I wish I could move back to SD so I could see him again. Dr. Hamlyn raised the bar so high my current psychiatrist has yet to reach it. I would recommend him to anyone.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
80	1	commentsVery private and confidential, felt at ease at all visits. Paid/Co-pay:$140	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	commentsAlthough I waited for a long time in the wait room and to see the doctor they spent over an hour and a half talking to me about my severe endometriosis treatment options. I have already been to 4 specialists and gone through 2 surgeries and 3 treatments for it. Only to have the pain return more severely each time. He was very patient and helpful with me and made me feel confident with the treatment we decided to try. The nurses and him also decided to do an ultrasound just to make sure everything was ok and found my IUD had slipped and was poking/causing pain. He immediately removed it and it felt a lot better. The whole visit was very comprehensive and productive. I would recommend him to anyone who needs a good specialist for endometriosis/pain problems and issues. I have a very complicated case also due to so much scarring and adhesions/lesions but he listened to everything I said and read all my past notes first before my appt! 2 thumbs up to Dr. Hansen! 	5	2	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	commentsI highly disagree that Dr. Hansen is a &quot;IVF salesman&quot;.  The clinic does alot work with patients before moving to IVF. If IVF is suggested its because they feel thats the right move for you. Time and money can be wasted with other procedures that are not nearly as effective as IVF. If they suggest IVF its because they have reviewed your chances and feel that is the best route possible for your situation. They have good rates and see alot of tough patients - that the docs in the cities dont or wont see. Dr. Hansen and his group are excellent. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
84	-1	commentsWas told by Dr. Hansen and staff that my husband had no viable sperm at our initial visit. It was devastating to say the very least. He was referred to endocrinologist in s.f.'s, but never had an addtional sperm analysis. Upon the dx from Dr. H's office that my husband was azospermic, we decided to use donor sperm and tried 3 IUI cycles, all unsuccessful. After spending $15,000 with Dr. hansen's office we decided to try another clinic. The new clinic re examined my husbands sperm and found viable sperm. He was given a totally wrong dx by Dr. hansen's office. I am now 27 weeks pregnant with our first child. Yes, the money we wasted at Dr. H's office was significant, but not nearly as significant as the emtional turmoil we went through. In addtion, I probably saw Dr. Hansen himself for about 10 min total throughout my year long treatment at his clinic. His PA Tammi did all my consults and IUIs. Helpful staff. Paid/Co-pay:$15000	4	4	3	1	Insurance:Unknown
84	0	 We spent years with Dr. Hansen trying to conceive and never did feel he was a good listener.  He is an IVF salesman.  I know that's the best chance for success but if your not interested in IVF find another doctor because that is all Dr. Hansen cares about.  BUT he does have some awesome nurses on staff and they do provide good quality service.  	3	3	1	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	 After getting nowhere with my regular ob/gyn I decided to see Dr.Hansen. He ran better tests, had greater advice and we discovered a cyst during the dye test I never knew I had. He removed it during same day surgery, he was very excited at our chances to conceive now and I appreciate his upbeat attitude and helpfulness. So much better than my other dr who was such a downer. All the staff has been great to work with. And Dr.Hansen is a blessing.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	 I am currently a patient with Dr. Hansen. This is my 3rd round of IVF. The first two didn't work and I'm waiting for my results of the 3rd. I must say, even though we haven't yet achieved a pregnancy, Dr. Hansen and his nurses never lost hope in us. They are very understanding and helpful. My only complant is that each time I go, I see Dr. Hansen less and less. But the nurses are WONDERFUL!!! They take the time to know you by name and they treat you like family. I am happy with my decision to go to Dr. Hansen.  	5	5	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	commentsIf it weren't for Dr. Hansen and his staff, I wouldn't have the 2 wonderful kids that I have in my life today.  Dr. Hansen, his PA, and his staff were very knowledgable and helpful.  The only problem that I had with his staff, was the billing portion of it, I was charged for something I never should have been charged for, and that took almost a year to get resolved. 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	commentsDr Hansen has been a great help to my husband and I.  Thanks to him we have a family.  If I had questions he would take the time to sit and answer them.  A VERY nice, gentle,wonderful Doctor! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	commentsVERY IMPRESSED with his staff. He is a WONDERFUL man and doctor. 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	 Our daughter would not be here today without the help of Dr. Hansen and his treatment team.  After multiple pregnancy losses, my husband and I were close to giving up hope.  We feared that our dream of parenthood would not be a reality for us.  Dr. Hansen took the time to complete a thorough evaluation and went through all of our options.  His approach is conservative, with the ultimate goal of achieving a healthy, singleton pregnancy.  His staff is very well organized.  Everyone took the time to understand our history and personal circumstances.  We were nervous about the IVF procedure, but the entire process was much easier than we ever anticipated.  Every step was closely monitored, and adjustments were made every day to tailor the treatment based on how my body was responding.  His services are invaluable to the residents of South Dakota, and we would not have our family today without him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	-1	 Went in for a same-day surgery to remove fallopian tube. Hansen recommended laparoscopy. I signed a form advising Hansen to STOP if he encountered any scar tissue & cut me open instead so he could see where he was cutting. I have severe internal scarring, which he was fully aware of. He encountered major scarring, but continued to cut and knicked my bowel. He admitted to TRAUMA SURGEON that he continued through a wall of scar tissue. Hansen sent me home after the surgery. The next morning after a painful, sleepless night of several phone calls to Hansen, he tells me I was just not tolerating the pain well. I was vomiting every time I took pain med or a sip of water & couldn't keep anything down. He suggested I wait until his clinic opened to come in.  Went in that a.m. Two days later, being fed anti-nausea & pain meds in the hospital instead of finding out what the cause was, the nurse stood me up & bowel contents poured from my surgical wounds. Dr. Timmerman BARELY saved my life...  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
84	-1	commentsI wasted $4,000 for an IUI that never happened do to lack of blood test and irresponsible nurses. I called in told the nurse I was ovulating and she said that was normal with Repronex two days later I had an ultrasound and the eggs vanished. They later told me I surged and I could have the IUI because I would be charged. I went in the day of the IUI and his other nurse said that Tammi was wrong I would not of been charged but by that time the donor sperm was unthawed. Another $550 lost and over $1,200 in medicine. Paid/Co-pay:$4000	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	 He definitely takes the time to sit down and get to know your situation before discussing options - never made me feel rushed.   Would definitely recommend him! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	 he was very nice and helpfull everytime i went in but i didnt always  get to see him like i should have.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
84	1	 Dr. Hansen and his staff are wonderful! Very compassionate and caring. I would recommend them to anyone. I even got a call from Dr. Hansen on a Saturday after a particularly grim diagnosis regarding my fertility issues.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	commentsDr. Halligan is very intelligent and helpful.  When I saw her I got the following impressions.  She seems to look at the whole patient and works to help people live better.  She considers all angles of the problem and takes time to really listen.  She answered all my questions well. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	commentsI spent a fraction of what I was supposed to have done medically with drugs and surgery! Dr. Mark Hagen is very gifted doctor who cares and loves his patients! he has a great staff also that are very friendly and knowledgeable! Paid/Co-pay:$1500	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	commentshe really helped me with my auto accident and carpal tunnel! His staff is very friendly and helpful. Dr. Mark has also done a few missionary trips to Kenya to take care of the poor. He his a very compassionate and trustworthy Doctor! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
93	0	 this Dr. is great if you have a sliver, sniffles or need a flu shot. Anything else he's pretty lost and must refer you to someone else. He seems to not care and if you don't tell, he won't ask.  	3	3	3	2	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
93	-1	commentsDoesn't seem to care.  Very cavalier in attitude.  Not remotely inquisitive.  Can't remember my name despite several visits.  Never offers advice.  Just goes through the motions and collects his fees. 	3	3	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
