dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Dr. Uthe is fabulous.  You may have to wait to see him, but this is because once you are in the office you are top priority.  He went through a very rough medical scare with me, and called me at home to follow up.  I think his bedside manner and caring demeanor are well worth waiting to see him.  I have even been squeezed in at the end of the day.  I would send anyone to him. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Fantastic doctor with wonderful staff. Disregard the complaints about waiting time in my opinion. He is a family physician and deals with many urgent and &quot;work-in&quot; patients on daily basis (like all other doctors for that matter). Seriously, if your waiting time is your biggest concern then go to a walk-in clinic or acute-care center. Medicine isn't fast food and dealing with patient's issues takes time. I'm sure if these people that complain  about the wait were diagnosed with a serious problem,they would expect to spend some extra time with the doctor talking about it or would they want to make sure the doctor is kept on schedule. Cripes..... 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	-1	In my opinion, Dr. Uthe could use a lot of improvement. Have waited for 2 plus hours over 60% of the time, one time he didn't show up to my appt. Have never apologized for being late, and told me that it was my fault I was upset, not his. Missed a very critical diagnosis in my 2nd pregnancy; because he has been around for a while, thinks every concern is normal. Not willing to research in depth certain things because of this approach. Not good experiences with bedside manner, sometimes rude and quick to judge - not a good listener. Is a mostly good Dr and I know he is very knowledgable, just wish he would go back to the basics.  	3	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	hes very nice and careing i love to see him im glad hes my dr.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
1	1	While punctuality has never been observed with this doctor, his knowledge and demeanor usually make up for the sometimes rediculously long waits. 	3	1	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	This is an totaly wonderful doctor! You will love seeing him! Just wish all doctors were like him! He is very helpfull, smart, and know's what he's doing. He will always help you when in need, and he's very caring! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Dr.  Uhing is incredible!!! She sits and talks with me as long as I have questions and is never in a rush or unpleasant mood! I normally don't do surveys but she is such a great doctor I want to give her praise! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	-1	Arrogant and uninformed, was completely unhelpful and lacked basic competence. 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr. Unruh met all my expectations.   Him and his team are awesome!  I had a great experience! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Dr Unruh has been nothing but the best.  I have had headaches that wouldn't quiet for years and now I have none!  With the chiropractic and physical therapy he offers, this is what made the difference in my health!  He fits me in whenever I need to get into see him.  I never have to wait.  Also the staff is extremly helpful and happy. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	Increased business comes first at this office.  I'm uncomfortable if they set you up with a package &quot;deal&quot; before the Dr. even sees you. 	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	I LOVE HIS OFFICE!! Everyone knows you! Very friendly.. Made my back and neck feel AWESOME!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	Ended up in major surgery because of failure to treat and dx properly 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	I have never felt better! I would recomend him to anyone! I no longer have headaches! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Very pleased with treatment, haven't felt better in years! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	The office manager is very to the point and often almost unfriendly. Dr. Unruh is a capable physician during the manual treatments. He tells jokes that may offend some people. The waiting room seats are too low and too soft for people with back problems. The doctor seems to be actively pushing a Republican agenda. 	2	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Very professional and wonderful care. Dr. Unruh has been extremely helpful on several occasions to my family. He is a Christian man that is very honest as well as extremely knowlegeable. Dr. Unruh has saved many from surgeries and I being a nurse have total faith in him.  He does not keep you coming back un-necessarily. I would highly recommend Dr. Unruh.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	Dr Unruh & staff have been very pleasant to work with.  I was referred by several co-workers at BCBS & we have all had great success with our conditions.  I would highly recommend him. 	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	Has no compassion.  More concerned about pushing his political agenda than helping women to live a better life.  Has a hard time believing that everyone doesn't believe in his way of thinking and will continue to make your life miserable until you see the light the way he sees it.  Very narrow minded.  Likes to control others lives.  Doesn't believe in majority rule. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	He literally caused several of my spinal discs to rupture.  After destroying my spine, I ended up having to have an abortion due to inability to work to pay for the new baby!!  What a nightmare. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	His office seemed more concerned with getting paid than with helping the patient. Felt like I was not very important, only the money was. 		3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
