dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	great bedside manner. My shoulder is so much better after surgery.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Dr Ken Johnson was our family doctor for nine years while I lived in the Watertown area and I found him to be very caring and helpful He was concerned about my entire family and always asked about each memeber when I was in to see him.  His care for me was extremely good, he spent time with me and listened to me when I did have problems.  I would recommend him to any one. He's a great doctor!  I'm sorry I had to leave him when we moved.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
3	-1	Dr Ken Johnson only cares for himself.  Uncaring about patients.  Just run them through like cattle.   Hope this keeps other patients from the same expensive, unhelpful situation 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
4	1	Extremely helpful and knowledgeable.  Takes time with patient so you understand problem and procedures. Would recommend him to everyone!  One of the best physicians I have ever seen.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
4	1	Very good doctor. Is very knowledgeable. Takes time to help you whenever you need it. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	I brought my 6 year old son in to see Dr Jennings to treat a chest cold that he had for a long period of time. Dr. Jennings was extremely rude and rushed through the appt. She did not listen to my questions and acted if I was bothering her. She did not try to help make my son feel comfortable. She did not talk to him at all...she talked at me while quickly looking him over.  	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	. Friendly, caring and listens!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Dr. Christopher Janssen is more than a &quot;5&quot; to me.. This man is helping me manage a Horrible Diognosis.He is ALWAYS on time, ALWAYS thourough on exams or conversations about treatment plans or options for me personally. He takes his time and makes sure i am CLEAR about everything we discussed.. Dr. Janssen is EXACTLY what other doctors should aspire to be!! more than five stars!! thank you Dr. Janssen. I am humbled in your pressence..  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Dr. Janssen, in my opinion, is what all doctors should aspire to be. He is: prompt, friendly, knowledgeable, and patient. Dr Janssen entered the exam room within just a few minutes of me arriving. He greeted me with a friendly smile and a firm handshake. After a thorough examination, Dr. Janssen discussed a few treatment options and engaged in a discussion of what may be the best treatment options for me personally. I am not an easy patient, I take my health seriously and therefore I ask many questions. Although I was a bit long winded, Dr. Janssen took the time to be sure I was clear about everything we discussed. Thanks Dr. Janssen for making my visit a pleasurable one! 5 stars!   James 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Dr. Jensen is so personable and takes time to talk with you and explain things. She enjoys getting to know her patients on more than a medical basis.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	Very cheerful and spends time answering questions. You don't feel like she has only scheduled a couple minutes and has to get through the process quickly. I like knowing I can use the same doctor for my basic health, feminine health, pregnancy, and child's healthcare. 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Longer wait than I would like, but he was nice and the surgery took my pain away so I'm happy. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Was referred by my family doctor.  Fixed my back, back to work, no problems.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
9	1	outstanding surgeon and a real nice guy. answered all my questions in ways i understood.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	-1	Appeared very rushed and didn't answer questions.  Very conservative in his treatment.  	4	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	-1	My experience was not as well as these other seemingly happy people.  Niiicccee doctor, nice 	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Other doctors misdiagnosed my condition for years and I'd gotten discouraged that nobody would ever make my pain go away.  Dr. Johnson came through for me.  I'm not completely pain free, but am able to work again, something I thought would never happen.  I have my life back thanks to him.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
9	1	Dr. came highly recommended and I can see why.  Very detailed explanation of my problem and choices for correcting it.  Would recommend him without hesitation.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	When I went to see Dr. Johnson he took a lot of time to talk with me and set up an MRI and follow up appt. During the follow up he explained he didn't find what he was looking for but that they found something else that was questionable. He set up another MRA. The day after he called me personally to explain what they had found and what needed to be done from there out. He explained my condition to the best of his ability and told me what was more than likely going to happen. I was then hospitalized and my nurse came into tell me that he had called to see how I was doing, along with a msg on my voicemail. I would highly recommend him. He was very sympathetic, helpful, and very thorough. 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Great doctor and person. Made me feel like I was his only patient of the day.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
9	1	I had to wait a while to see him, but he spent a long time explaining my problem and seemed very caring and knowledgeable about my problem. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	Did not explain, just told me what was wrong, well I guess he found out what the problem was at least, seemed huried 		2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Very caring - spent a lot of time explaining what and why. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	Dr. very hurried, did not read progress notes from other physicians, did not seem to care 		2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
9	0	Dismissive is the word, the man literally ran out the door the second he discovered I had no insurance. 		2	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
10	0	This chiropractor is good, if all you need is the basic adjustment, perhaps even with massage or ultrasound/electronic stimulation. However, he does not practice other treatments that could help people recover from more severe injuries, and he does not detail notes well enough for an accident injury to be differentiated from an injury that had occurred in the past in a similar or same area. Great for the average visit, not so great for advanced issues. 	5	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	I had some lymph nodes in my neck and when the surgery was done she came to recovery and cried with me and did everything in her power to make sure i was taken care of.  When they checked me out again found that the cancer was gone and she personally called me to tell me.   Thats not only a doctor thats a friend!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Great with all patients including special needs. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	He's great.  The best eye examine I've ever had and he explains things very well during the exam.  Will definitely recommend him to others. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Dr Johnston is a wonderful, caring person. She has been our family doctor for over 6 years and has delivered both my children. We trust her completely. She does not push her opinions on you, rather she discusses everything thoroughly and lets you make the decisions. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	ONE OF THE NICEST &quot;SPECIALSIT&quot; I HAVE EVER MET.  DOESN'T TALK DOWN TO YOU, EXPLAINS EVERTYTHING, DOESN'T ACT ANNOYED WITH YOUR QUESTIONS, OFFICE HELP ARE GREAT PEOPLE, RETURNS CALLS IN A TIMELY MANNER. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	I've trusted this man with my life for over 25 years.  His staffs at both offices are great at scheduling, reporting to me on test results & follow-up appointments.  Dr. Jenter diagnosis me, and makes suggestions according to how he would want a member of his family to proceed.  He agrees that wait and see is sometimes the best path. I'll be very sad if he retires before I die.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Dr Jenter is nice enough and he seems to know his stuff, but his office staff is horrible!!  We quit going to him because of their rudeness and inefficiency. 	1	1	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr. Jackson is one off the best dentists that I have seen.  He runs a professional office and has great staff.  He is big enough to be able to treat me and my wife at the same time, which is convenient and a time-savor for us.  I highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Professional and very kind.  He is a great dentist 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	0	Quick appts, so I can be out the door and on my way but if I have a problem area he will take the time to make extra adjustments. 	4	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	He doesn't  relly care about his patients,5 minutes of appointment time is not enough!!!I will NEVER go to see him again!!! 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	She is very understanding and will work hard to find what is wrong with you. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Well worth the money.  They even helped me complete my AFLAC paperwork and faxed it in for me.  I usually get frowns from other doctors when I tell them I have AFLAC.  The doctor and staff are professional and knowledgeable. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Dr. Jones is the best.  He is even open on Saturdays and holidays.  That is very rare in this type of business.  He obviously really cares about his patients health and well-being. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	This doc is awesome!  Does great work and is nice to deal with.  Very knowledgable, gave me options and LISTENED to me needs and desired outcomes.   If you need knee work, see this man! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	I have found Dr J most helpful and a skilled suregon, knee and shoulder - works with me to get functoning back to fullest possible - his office gals are fantastic - friendly, kind and helpful.   We tried to avoid surgery as long as possibe by using other methods which gave me several years 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	-1	Most arrogant know it all attitude. Never listen to patients complaints and does his own thing.  Never will I see this doctor again.  Would have been spared a lot of testing if he had listened to me in the first place instead of going else where and got relief.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	I am very happy with my treatment and have seen wonderful things done here. My whole family now makes the trip to SD to see doc 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Dr. Johnson was great at explaining treatment options to me and was very timely. I've seen a handful of dermatologist and she has been by far the best.  I would recommend her to anyone!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
24	1	Great dermatologist. I had acne and she prescribed the correct treatment. I look great now.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	Dr. Johnson is the most phenomenal dermatologist I have ever seen. She is incredibly kind, caring and understanding. It's like going to see my friend for every visit. My only &quot;complaint&quot; is that she's difficult to get into because she is so very popular. She is the only Dr. I'll trust with my skin, or my family's skin. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
