dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Dr. Steve and his staff are amazing. I have tried everything for my headaches and back pain and he is the only one that has every gotten rid of it without drugs. Yahoo Chiropractic and Dr. Steve. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Dr. Genoff, did my bilateral carpal tunnel surgery in 2000 when he was in Louisiana,His Staff was very courteous professional, and courteous, His PA was one of the nicest professional I have every met, Dr. Genoff himself was a 10 star, makes a patient feel very comfortable,and explains everything very well. Very excellent physician he is very knowledge and doesn't leave his patients in the dark. I really met him. I was very upset when he left for south Dakota. Best of Luck Dr.  Genoff and Thanks a Lot  Bessie Fuselier 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
2	1	I have had 5 surgerie's on my left wrist by 2 other Dr.'s That obviously didnt know what they were doing, I was able to go see Dr. Genoff and felt very comfortable with him with in 5 min's! He's an EXCELLENT EXCELLENT Ortho Dr! Precise, caring, down to earth! Much appriciation goes to this Doctor from myself and family. I could tell a few days after he did my surgery that 60% of my pain was gone immiately, my hand/wrist will never be the same but he was able to help get rid of some pain I live with everyday! I will forever go to him along with my family & friend's.  I HIGHLY recommend him to anyone with ortho problems!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
2	1	Dr. Genoff is simply the best ortho that i have ever met in my life. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	he was a great doc! and still go to him! he was very nice and he explains everything well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	. Very Good 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	very smart and personable, best combo in a doc, highly recommend 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	This doctor is a very good doctor.  He's always honest with you and doesn't sugarcoat a thing.  If he's unsure of what may be wrong or doesn't know the answer, he refers you on to a specialty doctor instead of just guessing.  I would recommend him to anyone!  He's been my doctor since birth and is now my son's pediatrician.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
6	1	Dr.Gulbranson did a wonderful job! She seemed very knowledgeable and was easy to talk to. Her staff were very nice as well. Overall, I had a pleasant experience, and my eye sight was properly adjusted. I would not go to any other OD for my eye checkup.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	Dr. Gulbranson is a God send! She is patient, kind, and upbeat with my three year old.  Because of her we have avoided the eye surgery our last doctor recommended and improved my daughters vision through eye therapy.   She is wonderful and we'll never go to anyone else again! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
7	-1	This doctor has horrible bedside manner. He screamed at my husband on the phone when he couldn't figure out what was wrong with him. His nurse called back at 5 p.m. on a Friday when my husband was having another attack. She said there was nothing else they could do for him. We were forced to go to the local clinic, which pulled his hospital records and made an accurate diagnosis. It turns out that my husband has a rare syndrome, which Dr. Gross would have figured out if he did a little work (even the hospital radiologist knew what it was). I would never recommend this doctor to anyone I care about. 	1	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	verry good 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	I had a surgery done with Dr. Peery and had a ton of complications. Dr. Peery had refused to see or treat me thinking I had nothing wrong with me. On my last attempt to correct my problems, Dr. Glatt had decided he wanted to look at me and my situation. He first asked me what I thought was wrong, and how I was feeling before he even started going into the possible complications I could be having. He was very respectful, listened carefully, and took his time. Within two weeks Dr. Glatt had not only found out what was wrong with me, but had it fixed, where as Dr. Peery wouldn't even give me the time of day. Dr. Glatt gets a 150% rating from me, because not only did he help me, but he cared for me. Kudos to Dr. Glatt for being the kind of doctor that not many are anymore. 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	I found Dr. Glatt to be very professional and knowledgeable during my appointment.  On the other hand, I find myself disappointed with his insurance &quot;specialist&quot; Julie.  She is not thorough and seems unorganized.  I believe she hinders me more than helps.  If I didnt like the surgeon so much I would find another one due to her incompetence alone. 	2	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Unfortunately I had to have tooth extracted. Fortunately I had Dr. George. I have other medical conditions that make me a tricky patient to work with. He listened and took care of those special needs. The surgery was quick and painless. Recovery was ideal. I never needed pain meds after the surgery. It was just perfect care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	Complete slob, hard to talk to.  Very arrogant for someone who seems to know very little. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	The Best Doctor I have ever been to!! He is knowledgable and is a great adjuster! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	MY MOM WAS CLOSE TO 90 AND HAVING ARTHRITIS IN THE BACK DR GRUBA HELPED GREATLY USING ACCUPUNCTURE TO HELP HER WITH MOBILITY AND GREATLY IMPROVED HER OVERALL HEALTH.  DR GRUBA IS EXCELLENT AND HAS HELPED US SO MUCH THANK YOU DR GRUBA FOR YOUR EXPERT HELP 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:AARP
12	1	Awesome chiropractor! He helped me out big time with my back, which helped with my headaches.  I had a hard time finding the clinic, but he's great! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	-1	she diagnosed me with severe muscle pain, only to end up in the ER with a massive blood clot in my leg that broke apart and when to both lungs.  additional tests would have prevented my near death experience, but instead, told me to stop working out and take 6 ibuprofen a day for a week. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Dr. Gutnik is a very knowledgable doctor.  When you get his time it is valuable.  I am disappointed at times when I wait awhile only to get a few minutes of his time.  I am disappointed on the follow thru after tests.  Dr. Gutnik has your belief that he will find a solution only too feel dropped and not given enough information once the tests are in.  it would be good to have the tests first and then talk to him so you can get all your questions answered and good understand of his whole thought process.  	3	3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Dr. Gutnik is as real as a doctor can get.  He really wants to help you, and that is very refreshing.  I have been a patient of his since 1980 and will continue as long as he is practicing medicine.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	This a really good doctor. Very compassionate and knowledgeable.You might have to wait , but it is worth it. He will go the extra mile. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Dr. Graber is one of the most knowledgable MD's I have ever known and I worked as a medical professional for twenty years of my life.  His diagnostic skills are exemplary and he speaks in plain English when explaining your medical situation.  Unfortunately, I had to move away and have not found a physician of his quality in my current location.  Custer is fortunate that he has his practice there. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Very knowledgable doctor and keeps up with things! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	0	No bedside manner and spoke to me in a disrepectful manner. During an uncomfortable procedure both physically and emotionally, she was so rude that I was crying on the table. I left feeling bullied numerous times. I have since found a new doctor. 	3	2	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	I am a 51 yr old woman and has been suffering from indurable pain in my groin,hips andlower extremities.  I was given and appt. with Dr. Gaetze and she was immediately rude the minute she walked into the examining rm. She spent very little time with me and told me I needed a complete hystarectomy immediately and had the signs of endomeitriosis.  She talked hurridly at just left with no care of the immense pain I was in.  I was having some problems before the op. and my husband called her office and explained, the receptionist then threatened to cancel my surgery, he asked for her nurst to call me which she did and she was insulting and threatened me twice to cancel the operation and would not answer my questions of the surgery. I fired her. Saw another OB/GYN and he said that there was no way I need this operation and that what is wrong with me is GI problem that is horrible.  This doctor calls herself a christion and a caring doctor but I implore you to get a second opinion. FOR SHAME 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	She gave an hour of her time - leaving to see another patient, and then returning to discuss treatment further.  She made certain before leaving everything was understood!  Thank you Dr. Gaetze for helping to achieve this pregnancy! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Every time I leave her office, I am so happy I chose her. She is compassionate, knowledgeable, and straightforward. She takes time to listen to and address my concerns while keeping me informed and comfortable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
16	1	I have been going to Dr. Gaetze for 9 years.  I went through menopause with her help.  95% of the time she is so caring, takes time to listen and is very helpful.  I love that I'm seeing the doctor every time and not a nurse or PA. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	I would highly recommend Dr. Gaetz in all areas!  She has been my doctor for six years and I feel truely blessed.  She is inspirational, compassionate, and very knowledgeable.   God bless for having her as a doctor! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Dr. Gaetze is very caring and takes time to answer all my questions.  She is GREAT! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Dr. Gaetze and her staff were very helpful and supportive when I had my miscarriage. Dr. Gaetze was there for me emotionally and professionally. She even hugged me before she left. She's made me feel like she's there for me when I get pregnant again.  I will not go to anybody else!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	-1	She spent one hour on the phone in the room next to the exam room I was in - with her broker I believe from the sound of the conversation. She does not care to serve those beyond the child bearing years.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Dr.Gaetze is notorious for making patients wait 1 to 1 1/2 hrs each visit. I don't know how many times I waited so long I wanted to cry. I've been told by one of her former nurses that she &quot;isn't a morning person&quot; and is always very late to work, pushing her schedule back.She is an abrasive woman. She did not make me feel like she really cared. She She did prescribe progesterone for me in early pregnancy, which I believed saved my pregnancy. I'm grateful for that. I had my son early, a morning which I was scheduled for a check up. Do you think Dr.Gaetze came to check in on me that day&#63; No. Not once my entire hospital stay. The nurses kept telling me she'd come, but never showed up. I saw her for a post partum check up and she talked about delivering my baby. Ha. I had to inform her she was mistaken, that dr. berdahl did that. To boot, she would not prescribe me birth control pills and pushed natural family planning on me. I, of course, switched doctors at this point. 	3	1	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	She saved my daughter's life as well as my own.  I don't know what I would have done without her. As stated before, her bedside manor isn't always great; however, what she lacks there is more than made up for by her knowledge, skill, and compassion.  She is a loving woman of God.  She is often late for appointments, but her staff does a great job keeping you informed when anything comes up.  I had a horrible pregnancy and delivery; however, Dr. G. was always there when I needed her.  She is truly a blessing sent by God!!!!!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	0	I saw Dr Gaetz when my regular was out of town. I have a great doctor and was expecting Dr Gaetz to be as good. I was highly dissapointed. She has a horrible bedside manner and spoke to me like I was a 7 year old. I left her office very upset. I will be begging my doctor to NEVER leave again. I hope Dr Gaetz in not the on call OB when I go into Labor. 	5	5	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Although I love Dr. Gaetze, I feel she has become so busy that her bedside manner has decreased in quality.  My last birthing experience with her was very uninformed and last minute C-section (nonemergent) but she never even really talked to me the 20 some hours I was in labor, i was a little disappointed in that, but would still highly recommend her.  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Jane is wonderful.  She is concerned about her patients' lives as well as their treatments.  I highly, highly recommend her! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Dr Gaetze is the best obgyn doctor in sioux falls i would recomend and do to everyone she is very knowledgeable and helpful she can run late on appointments but i dont mind because i know she is taking her time with each person and is compationate she looks into all options and lets you aware of alternatives and listens well. i love this doc anyone pregnant get on her team the receptionist is also great and very friendly they know you by name not just another patient 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	I adore Dr. Garnaas.  I was willing to travel 2 hours after I moved to continue seeing her.  Very professional, knowledgable, compassionate, thorough, and with a marvelous &quot;bedside&quot; manner. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Friendly - listened. Didn't beat around the bush with possible treatments.  Appreciated his frankness 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
18	1	Very friendly.  Considering the patient load of any vet doc, the time spent with Dr. Goodhope was of quality. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	Dr. Goodhope SUCKS!! He spent LESS than 5 minutes in the room with me. I am a VET and deserve better than that.  I do not recommend him at all!!! 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
19	1	Has a little bit of a nervous tick while listening to you talk, but seems to know his stuff.  My insurance was Medica and has switched to Sanford.  No major problems with either. 	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
