dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	-1	 	2	2	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Excellent surgeon and very knowledgeable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	One to two diagnosis mentality.  If you are female menopausal every symptom is because of lack of estrogen, headaches, joint pain, EVERYTHING.  nothing else considered or ruled out.  GERD is popular diagnosis, again without ruling out any other possible problems.  When he was told heartburn from eating wheat products,(but none from spicy foods) got blown off, like not possible.  One of the symptoms of Gluten intolerance is heartburn.  Blood work could have been used to test for h.pylori bacteria ulcer and for gluten sensitivity.  Not done. 	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	. very helpful doctor for a family type practice 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
4	-1	She shared my medical records with another person who authority or purpose to be seeing me medical records. I attempted to make formal compaints but was strong armed by MUSC 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Caring and knowledgable. Took the time to really understand my problem.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Caring and Personable.  Good for cosmetic dentistry as well. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	I cannot fathom what the others above are complaining about. This doctor was fair, punctual, and provided a very thorough report for my son. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	I read the first rating before going and thought that maybe someone was angry but still it may have been true.  Well it was!!!!  The report was probably altered by the GAL who he sent it to but still there were questions that he asked me specifically and the responses on the report was not even related to my true responses!  The staff obviously had some tranference when I walked in.  I had to initially reschedule because they had some very manipulative and unwritten policies that I  did not agree with and was unaware of.  The staff acted better my second visit.  But the results of the fake testing and the less than 20 minute interview with him were absurd.  He is professionally unprofessional.  I would not recommend him to anyone for anything.  If you are reffered to him, get out before going! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	I was very impressed with doctor Hartsock's competence and knowledge reguarding my open hip surgery for synovial chondromatosis. I think that some of these individuals fail to realize that he works for MUSC, meaning he also is academia and has a very constricted schedule. However, I have developed a bit of patience over the years and am willing to wait for a job done right. He had no problem answering all of my questions of which were prepared primarily prior to the appointment, and his staff was overly cordial and attentive. I took time getting paperwork prior to the operation due to his work at the university, but everything was completely in a timely manner and I feel that I received a clean and comprehensive surgery.  	5	3	4	5 	Insurance:Tricare
7	1	Excellent surgeon.  Fixed a broken leg that had been operated on 5 times and would never heal. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	0	Hartsock is not the best.  On more than one occasion he has run over three hours late for my appointment.  On an average appointment, he spent no more then 5 minutes with me and acted put out when I asked him to wait as I had a few questions.  His bedside manner is lousy, really.  I would go to Duke if I had the option, but my insurance won't pay out of state unless Hartsock recommends it and he wouldn't.  Bottom line, I would read his CV first.  If your problem fits into one of his specialties, I'm sure he's fine.  If not, go somewhere else!  Also, make your appointments for early in the day.  Every afternoon appointment with him I've had, he's run a minimum of 90 minutes late.  Morning appointments, only 15-20 minutes late.  	4	2	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	-1	very rude,could careless attitude,left with lifelong injuries after being treated by him. 	5	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	He is a great doctor and very knowledgeable. He is nice and friendly, but maybe a little shy because it takes him a little while to really warm up to you. I had to have some major surgeries with him and I felt very confident going into each one. 		4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Very good and knows his field and gentle and kind 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	He is a great doctor and really knows a lot about his field. I really enjoyed having him as my doctor, he is not the most outgoing friendly person, but he has a good heart. 		4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Dr. Kerry Hammond was able to very successfully perform a difficult simoid colon resection with anastomosis that a colorectal surgeon before her was unable to complete due to the severity of the damage to the area which caused him to be concerned about doing damage to the ureter in the process of resection. I have had take downs, both colostomy and ileostomy and I am post ostomy for two years now and thanks to Dr.  Hammond's expertise my ureter is more than fine! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	Absolutely wonderful doctor.  She did my laparoscopic bowel resection.  She is very knowledable in this area and if I ever need to have it done again, I hope she will be the one to do it.  I felt very safe with her.  She lets you ask questions, is very nice and patient-friendly, and even gives you her card with number and email on it should you need her.  You can't get any better than this. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Dr. Hammond is a colon/rectal surgeon.  The best in the state.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	-1	He misdiagnosed a simple problem and prescribed medication with very, very bad side effects.  Ended up in the ER!! 	4	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Dr. Hamberis has been my doctor for nearly 10 years and never once failed to meet my highest expectations.  He is friendly, knowledgeable, takes the time to ask questions, explain clearly his finding and treat you like if you are VERY important to him - I think EVERY patient IS very important to him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Excellent Dr. Very knowledgeable. Have been his pastient for 15 years. Would not go anywhere else.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
9	1	Excellent...by far the friendliest and most helpful doctor I have ever had! I HIGHLY reccomend! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	. knowledgeable and understanding and will tackle even the most difficult diagnosis 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Good doctor, knows his stuff. Wait time in waiting room is small, but wait time in exam room is often lengthy.  		2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	I was very please with him 		4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	Not familiar with hypertension.  		4	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
10	0	Good Doc 	4	1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	. wonderful! She delivered my baby and she is the best obgyn ever 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
12	1	I am very happy with my results. I had been to other doctors who could not help me and Dr. Hahm corrected my bad outcome from another surgery that was reconstructive. I have since been back to him for cosmetic surgery and couldn't be more pleased. His staff is caring and he is amazing. I highly recommend! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	Do not go to Dr. Hahm!!  I went to him for a revision rhinoplasty and he botched the entire thing.  My nose came out extremely crooked and looked like a blob.  I had to fly out to Chicago to get my nose fixed from Toriumi.  Dr. Hahm cost me $25,000 and a year of my life.  Stay way!!!! 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Dr. Hahm has performed several surgeries/procedures on me. He is extremely talented and knowledgeable and I am confident in his surgical abilities. My initial consultation was the most thorough and informative I have ever had-- well worth the $50 consult fee to spend that kind of time with the Doctor! Even though my surgical journey is complete, I still return to his office for skincare products and makeup. Even if it can be found at a more convenient location, I am still loyal to this practice as they have been so good to me. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	this dr is the best kept secret in the USA. I am Canadian and I have had all my most recent surgeries (for the past four years) done by him. I had had a few before him, many of which he managed to repair. He is simply amazing and can actually perform miracles. I had a face lift, fat injection, ear size reduction, neck lift, lipo, fat injection and nippple reconstruction done by him. My husband also had a face lift. Everything he did was perfect. After being so unsatisfied by many Canadian surgeons, I luckily found him. I can't say enough about him. I would be happy to speak with anyone who want to make sure this testimony is for real. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Would recommend this Doctor to anyone!!  He is very knowledgeable &amp; very professional. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	I had a nose surgery with this doctor and was terribly disfigured. Literally. When he unwrapped it he said, &quot;oh my god, I am so sorry.&quot; I've spent the past several years having multiple surgeries to repair the damage and have spent over $100,000 to fix the nightmare he created. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	&quot;Duke&quot; did a cosmetic eyelid procedure for me that was very helpful in reducing wrinkles and dark circles and making my face look more youthful. There was a minor complication from the procedure that he fixed at no charge. He also did a beautiful job removing a facial scar I had had for years. Very pleasant man, high level of expertise, helpful staff. I would go back to him for additional work but it's expensive. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Dr Hagerty performed double tram flap surgery for me almost 19 years ago. He was wonderfully surportive during the troubles I had prior to the surgery--my prosthesis had ruptured (I had breast cancer and had double reconstruction-not performed by Dr. Hagerty).I saw Dr Hagerty after the rupture and he worked with me for such a long time, trying to find another prosthesis that my body could tolerate. When nothing else worked he did the tram flap. I cannot say enough good things about him, his expertise and kindness. A great surgeon and person. I would highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	Dr. Hagerty performed a breast reduction on my 15 year od daughter.  We had consultations with other surgeons in Mt. Pleasant and Charleston but we were most impressed with Dr. Hagerty.  I cannot say enough about him, as well as his staff--I would recommend him to anyone looking for a plastic surgeon.  He has a wonderful bedside manner and really listens to your concerns.  I cannot forget his nurse, Sherry...she answered all of our questions and was thorough and very competant.  He accepts BCBS, which left us paying very little, but also accepts Care Credit, which allowed us to make payments on the small amount we owed to him.  His staff is very friendly and they do not overbook their appointments--so there was never a long wait at our appointments. My daughter is very happy with her breasts and minimal scarring... she is very comfortable in her body now and said she if she could go back in time, she would definitely do it over again! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	She has been our family doctor for 10+ years now and continues to do a good job. Although since her practice has grown she has become a little less personable and caring.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Dr. Hagenbuch is wonderful.  She is truly interested in your overall health, and she knows a lot about a variety of treatment options.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Dr. Hagenbuch in my opinion is a wonderful Dr. She takes time with her patients and never rushes them.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	-1	I would never go back to this dentist again. aside from the fact that he was caught selling/giving prescription drugs to the young nurses that work in the office, he is not gentle, does not mind making patients come back over and over again, is VERY condescending, and (i think) is just out to make tons of money. very full of himself after he was featured on extreme makeover. i would rather never see a dentist again than go back to him. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	This Doctor is very knowledgeable and very informative of all the alternatives today for the field of dentistry. The Doctor provides the highest quality of care with a state of the art practice. The Doctor is caring as well as very charasmatic which is pleasant as some patients find it terrifying to go to the dentist. I would rate this as an extremely good experience overall!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	. Dr Hawkey has taken great care of my elderly mother for the last 5 yrs, and continues to do and excellent job 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
16	1	Excellent doctor, he does seem rushed at times, but he always has patients, but doesn't leave them waiting and waiting. He is knowledgeable, and I trust him literally with my life, and will continue to do so. He is currently on medical leave, and I hope things get straightened out quickly so that he can get back to work, because I trust him. He is very knowledgeable of my case, and is very thorough. I would recommend him to my family (I have, my daughter is a patient now also), my friends and even strangers. He is the best doctor THIS town has to offer. Hurry back, Dr.  Hawkey, your patients need you!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
17	1	Dr. Harvey did a wonderful job on my breast reduction.  It has now been 10 years and they still look better than any reduction I have ever seen - and I researched alot!  If you need a reduction, he is the best doctor in Charleston.  Great care, bedside manner, pain control, minimal scarring, great &amp; knowledgeable staff.  Do not walk... run to see Dr. Harvey.  It will be the best thing you ever do for yourself.  When I was looking for a doc to to my reduction I asked my GYN - I knew that she had seen the work of every doctor in town doing breast exams all day.  She sent me to Dr. Harvey.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	I loved Dr Harvey.  He was professional and not creepy.  He did an amazing job on my boobs (I had a lift &amp; silicone implants) and I would recommend him to anyone and everyone.  LOVED HIM!!!  His office staff was awesome and made me feel comfortable.  The office is beautiful as well. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Good physician with a matching personality. Always ready to help in any way she can and her staff is the same.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
18	-1	My wife was given a numbing agent that lasts for 30-40 minutes so she could have a strobe put into her mouth to examine her throat. The doctor waited for an hour before seeing her and when my wife started to gag the doctor lost patience and blamed my wife for the failed procedure. She then acted as if she didn't have time to continue the visit and handed my wife off to someone else. This woman needs to either manage her time better or develop people skills.  		2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	Very thorough. Nice and listens to problems.  	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	Dr. Heidt has been my physician for over 10 years and I highly recommend him and his staff at Hillcrest Family Practice. He truly cares about my health. He is a true professional in every way. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Absolutely the best GP in the area!  He is extremely knowledgable and very thorough.  He takes into account all aspects of my lifestyle for treatment options.  He makes me feel as if he is truly my partner in all healthcare needs.  There appears to be excellent communication within the office - when I have had to see one of his partners for emergency, Dr. Heidt always follows up.  Dr. Heidt is big on education and prevention and will go above and beyond to get me the tools that I need to manage my needs. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Very friendly and professional, explains medication in regular terms, starts on time, asks me lots of questions but lets me talk too.   Like her a lot! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	. Very punctual, good bedside manner, knowledgeable regarding my condition; would recommend highly 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	-1	Because I refused to be hospitalized in the mental ward, Dr. Harper refused to treat me. I was in bad shape but would not have benefitted from hospitalization.  When I arrived, I had to complete a lot of paperwork. I was totally out of it and just signed what they told me to sign. I had great insurance and although they knew they needed to get the visit pre-authorized, they didn't bother. So insurance wouldn't pay. They later said I signed something that said I was responsible for the bill no matter what. My husband had just moved out and I didn't even know how I was going to pay the mortgage. And they billed me $250 for a brief visit that resulted in no help and no treatment. I almost expected them not to charge me anything at all! But the bills keep coming. That was 2 and 1/2 years ago and they are still billing me. And that receptionist/office manager was a total b#@$&! Obviously they are very concerned about my mental and emotional health. 	 7/13/11	1	3	1	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	Dr. Hendleman is very rude and unprofessional.   I did not find her to be helpful in my husbands situation.   I did not realize that she specialized in Childrens Physchiatry.   I find her to be very uninformative and harsh.  We have been through many diagnosis with her.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
22	1	This doctor was very knowledgable in Asperger's disorder and very helpful to my son and me. She is very tolerate and appears to care a great deal about her patients. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	Very rude to children and always late. Very unprofessional to myself and others. Very untrustworthy and impatient. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	I would not recommend Dr. Healy to anyone. He did a very poor job of crowing a tooth for me and while doing that caused the tooth to die from his injury. His staff is quick to hound you for immediate payment. Another dentist had to correct his problem at a huge additional expense to me. I am no longer a patient of his nor would I recommend him to anyone. 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	Had a hysterectomy by Dr Muniz... 3 more doctors later had corrective surgery to repair what she did wrong.  Worst Dr. ever!  A year and a half of my life was wasted because of her incompetence!  I know of others who are still trying to fix what she did wrong.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
24	1	The most excellent and knoiwledgable doctor I have ever had the privilkege of seeing. Patients first is her motto. My town is blessed to have a physician of this caliber working here.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
25	1	Martin is a great person, his staff is wonderfull! I love to go there! He helped me a lot!!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	I have no doubt that Dr. Hand saved my son's life.  She was able to communicate with him and discuss his risky behavior when everyone else failed.  And maybe more importantly, she helped me to understand my child and cope with him in positive ways. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	I have been going to her for years and she is great! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	saw Linda for a yearly physical. I found her to be very warm and caring.She answered all my questions in such a professional manner.I felt very comfortable in her care, and I will certainly refer my friends and family to her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	-1	. Had one baby with this practice in 2008, got pregnant again saw Linda, she sent me for an ultrasound things didn't look right in the ultrasound and went they went to get linda to come talk to me, she refused and told the nurse to tell me to come back the next week, lost the baby and will never see her again!! Dr levin and Ellen riddle are awesome, great staff except for Linda Hancock, DO NOT SEE HER! If she's the only one available, then reschedule!!! 	5	2	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
28	1	I'm not normally comfortable going to the dentist, but Dr. Hartzog and his staff are excellent.  Their caring attitudes and patience with me calmed my nerves and made this experience as pleasant as possible.  I would highly recommend Dr. Hartzog and his staff to anyone!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Very helpful and friendly.  Never had to wait long to see him.  It's a small practice and he seems to know his patients well. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	0	Dr. Henderson is young and seems a little unsure of himself in his chosen profession. Overall he is very kind and seems to want to put his patients at ease and listens attentively. His office staff is very much the opposite. They are rude and short and have terrible phone etiquette. 	2	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Great ER Doctor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Dr. Head is a great heart doctor. He seems to know his stuff really well. His office staff is friendly and well trained and office waits are not very long. Fairly easy to get a quick appointment once a patient. I would recommend him to others.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
32	-1	Dr Hauck's bedside manner is horrendous. My mother was in a positive frame of mind &amp; prepared for surgery.  Dr Hauck came in &amp; shared with her all of the negative results of surgery without a single positive statement.  When he left we were all sure she would die.  Requested a different anesthesiologist... she did great! 	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	Dr Habib has completed two separate surgeries for me.  He is working to overhaul his staff, as they have given him much of the negative reviews over the years.  As for his work, he is awesome!  He knows what needs to be done and the least-scaring method to do it.  His bedside manner is a little rough, but you should be prepared with the questions you have, rather than wasting his time. He has always fully answered all of my questions.  He has little patience for whininess and is a surgeon, not a psychologist!  I DO fully recommend him. 	2	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	A friend of mine had a breast lift and augmentation by this doctor. Not only did it not lift her whatsoever, she had pain for nearly 3 years that she reported 3+ times. He told her everything was find and she didnt need an MRI and the pain was &quot;normal&quot;. January of this year she was at my house telling me she had a lot of pain and asked me to look under her right breast because she felt something. IT WAS THE IMPLANT!! Dr. Habib had her come in for surgery and was not nice about taking out her implants. Her scars are HORRID. She is suing him.  I also have another friend that had the same issue with him AND hers did not get placed evenly, and one never dropped. Before I knew this, I called to schedule a consult. He was more focused on my &quot;beauty&quot; than the procedure. I am NOT going to this surgeon nor would I tell anyone else to! 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	I was very pleased with Dr.Habib and his staff.  The procedure went great and the after care was amazing.  Just as he told me &quot;we became very good friends.&quot;  I would not hesitate to refer anyone to him for his services. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	I would not recommend this doctor! I had a flakey area on my face that would never heal and so I went to him on a referral from my primary care doctor.  He said he did not think it was cancerous so he had me come back in 3 months.  So by the next appointment it was no better so he took a sample and sent it to pathology and low and behold it was a basal cell cancer.  If a dermatologist cannot recognize a skin cancer when he sees it then what good is the doctor&#63;!&#63;  I also rated the staff as poor service because I had another appointment with him but when I arrived at the office, I was told he was not in the office on that day.  I spoke with the office manager and told her that I lived an hour away and I asked why no one contacted me about the dr. being out of the office and she said I should have been contacted.  I said that obviously I had NOT been contacted.  I asked if another dr. could see me instead and she said they all had full schedules.  I did not go back.  	1	2	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	It was the first time I'd ever had any dental work performed, and Dr. Hale did a great job!  The staff made me feel so comfortable and I would highly recommend them for dental work.  It was practically pain-free! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Great physician!! I recommend her to everybody looking for an OBGYN.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
36	1	Hands down..GREAT PHYSICIAN..One of a kind..Extremely caring, wonderful listener, respects her patient's being an active part in their care. She is incredibly supportive, and very intelligent. I would recommend her to anyone.Great Partners.Great Practice. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	She was wonderful. Extremely caring and made the visit short and sweet. Extremely knowledgeable and answered every question honestly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
36	1	Great Dr.  I wouldn't go anywhere else. She takes the time to talk with her patients and has a wonderful bedside manner.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
36	1	Dr. Harris was the first doctor I saw at Greer OBGYN and made me feel at ease right from the start.  She spent at least 20 minutes talking with me before my routine pregnancy exam, which no other OBGYN has ever done.  20 minutes is a long time for a doctor!  She also delivered my baby and followed all my birth wishes. After the birth, she made me laugh even though I had been awake for 48 hours and just given birth.  She has a great bedside manner.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	!!!!!!!GREAT!!!!!!!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	This is the only Dr. that I know of who really cares about his patients.  I worked in hospital for 20 years and have NEVER heard a bad thing about him.  He performed surgery on me and I had no problems.  He's very knowledgeable, kind and alway available for questions. Dr Harmon will pray with you before the surgery - which I found very comforting.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	The BEST of the best 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	0	 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	Highly skilled and well respected within medical community.  He and his staff were very compassionate and took the time to answer all of my questions.  I had a very dangerous heart condition occur suddenly. He was able to diagnose it and operate within 48 hours.  He saved my life.  I was awake throughout the procedure and he talked me through it step-by-step, explaining everything.  The follow-up care and coordination with local hospitals, cardio therapy, nutrition, etc has been outstanding.  Also, he uses all the latest computer technology for billing and medical records - no problems at all.  Highest possible recommendation for cardio issues / heart surgery.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
40	-1	He may be good at what he does, but he is rude to the point he made me just want to cry.  How can someone so smart be so ignorant of others feelings&#63;  He needs a new heart, one with compassion! 	1	4	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
40	0	Smug, arrogant, always in a hurry. Does not listen to his patient.  	 3/19/07		3	3	Insurance:Medicare
41	-1	I have ran out of lyrica and estrogen.  Called get appt and found out she was closing practice in 2 weeks. She knew I was out of my lyrica and wouldnt see me or give me a month supply to give me time to find a new doctor. 	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
41	-1	The absolute worst customer service I have ever experienced.  Don't even bother going to this clinic - you'll get better service from a hospital emergency department.  Staff were too lazy to take the effort to print a form so that they could see a patient, and actually stated that they would not ever see that patient.  How's that for a doctor's office - especially when the patient is a child!  Please take your business elsewhere until the staff at this clinic learn what their jobs are.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
42	1	Excellent visit, she exhibited patience and helpful in answering all my concerns. Did not attempt to get me out the door as quickly as most doctors do.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	She laughs a lot and talks really fast and sometimes I just want her to be quiet and listen to me for a minute.  But she is smart, and very good at problem solving.  She is my 4th OBGYN and the best I ever had.  On a related note, her office needs an answering machine so I could leave a message for her nurse, but instead if you call, the receptionist does the old-fashioned paper and pencil message.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	Dr Hallmark has been my GYO Doctor for years.  She has found things wrong with me that my int. doctor didn't find at my physical just two months prior.  She has always listened to me and helped me! I could not ask for a better Doctor.  I have several illness/diseases and see a lot of doctors.  I can not say that about many doctors here in Charleston.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	0	Wow, what a horrible ob/gyn practice. Hallmark is one of several female docs at this office. The staff is just awful except for one friendly receptionist at the front. Nurse who weighs you, takes BP, etc. has ZERO personality and did NOT want to be there. Other staff I met on the way out were ****y and unhappy people. I have no idea why Hallmark became a doctor - it certainly wasn't because she cares about people.  I heard her fellow med students couldn't stand her. She is cold and aloof, and laughed nervously during my exam. I saw her for severe menopausal symptoms, but her response was to &quot;call her back when I became miserable.&quot;  What&#63;&#63;&#63;!!!  I saw another ob/gyn who put me on compounded hormones and it changed my life.  Hallmark is a dud!  Don't see her! 	2	4	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	Rude! Did not want to take the time to listen to me. Had a preset judgement on me due to the meds I take. Wrote ADDICT on my check out form in 4 inch letters and then tried to mark it out. Acted as if she could understand my medical history in 5 mins. but didn't want to give me refills b/c she didn't know my history.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
45	-1	I did not feel that she handled my family in a professional manner.  	5	2	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
45	-1	She walked into the room, heard that I had multiple issues / questions, and then immediately walked out saying she didn't have time for a patient with any questions.  She said that she didn't have expertise in treating my problems (before she even heard why I was there).  I lost 10% of my body weight between visits, had an abscessed cyst on my tail bone, a rash that had been with me for several months and needed a full thyroid panel.  She is unprofessional, rude and at risk of a malpractice suit if any of my problems develop into anything more major due to her abject dismissal.  The staff at her practice are friendly and are attempting to clean up her mess.  It seems like they've had to do this before since they're so good at it.  I will never go back to such an incompetent fool that doesn't have time to listen to her patients problems.  I had been a patient of hers for several years.  That's now over since she's finally shown me how arrogant and self-righteous she can be. No payment. 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Always spends time to find out your complete problems. Always cheerful. Staff cheerful and work well together. Other doctors in the practice are of similar quality. Great follow-up.  Almost makes it fun to go to the doctor... almost! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
46	1	I really didn't have to do much research to make my decision on Dr. Haines. Just glad my best friend had hers done by him. I say this because he is not advertised what so ever. They get their referrals from patients and physicians. Very please with the outcome and how great he was! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	Listens. Takes the time. Respectful. Good sense of humor. Goes above and beyond. Genuine Concern. One of the best - and I was raised in a medical family. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	He is very polite and I highly recommend him for all your medical needs! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Dr. Harris LISTENS and is willing to discuss treatments and hear opinions.  I feel comfortable with him.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
49	1	I have been going to Dr. Hayes since I was five years old. He is honestly the best unspecialized doctor I have ever encountered. He genuinely cares for his patients and is an great guy. If he thinks there is a problem no matter how minor, he does what he needs to do to know for sure.  Great Doctor! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	Dr. Henderson is wonderful! Since we have been dealing with CHF with my husband I have heard over and over again how Cardiologists do not treat their patients very well. THIS IS SO FAR FROM THE TRUTH! My husband and I could NOT ask for better care. The last time we saw Dr. Henderson he spent over 20 minutes sitting talking to us about our lives, our children, the book my husband was reading and most importantly the CHF. This Dr. is very concerned for us and it shows.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
50	1	My husband had a complicated cardiac history,many diagnosis,many episodes.  Dr Henderson was always more than willing and able  to explain procedures.Very caring. If something came up that was out side of what he felt comfortable with,he was not afraid to refer him elsewhere.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
51	1	Wonderful doctor. Had breast and body surgery in the last year and I am happy with my results. Would recommend to anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	Best plastic surgeon in area. Perfectionist about his technique, but generous and kind to the patient. Approachable and sincere. Would recommend him to anyone for any work. His attention to detail results in superior outcomes. WONDERFUL SURGEON! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	HE IS THE GREATEST OPTOMETRIST EVER! I'VE BEEN SEEING HIM FOR YEARS. HE'S REALLY GOOD AT WHAT HE DOES AND HE'S SUPER NICE AS WELL. HE GETS ALONG WITH EVERYONE AND CAN MAKE THEM LAUGH. HE'S SUPER PATIENT AND TREATS HIS STAFF REAL WELL. HE ALWAYS REMEMBERS ME AND IS JUST A NICE GUY!!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	Great Doctor who takes her time and explains any questions you may have. No question is ever a stupid one to her. Highly recommend her! Also does a very complete  eye exam.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
54	1	I have never had such a caring place.  They make you feel welcome from the start. With a chalk board with your chids name welcoming them.  The place is so personal. I hate that we moved so far.  I would consider driving to keep my girls there.  Had the pleasure for 4 years.  I havnt found a dentist to replace them.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
54	1	Today, the day before Christmas Eve, my daughter had a toothache. Dr. Head was able to fit her in the same afternoon -- the staff said no child should go through Christmas with a toothache. When we got there, we were shown in almost immediately. Dr. Head is our regular ped. dentist, but I am constantly surprised &amp; delighted by the friendliness of his staff, the way they work to make sure both the child and parent understand what is happening without frightening anyone, and how they make the process as painless as possible, both physically AND on my budget. They constantly go out of their way to accommodate the patient. I was worried on this latest trip, as we are currently between insurance providers but Dr. Head and his staff worked with me to make sure they took care of my daughter without cutting any corners, while at the same time NOT placing my family under a big financial burden. I would recommend Dr. Head and Eastside Pediatric Dentistry to everyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	I see many drs. for various health problems, Dr. Harrah remains my favorite. Very knowledgeable; he makes ME THINK. He has saved my father-in-law's life 2-3 times with proper diagnoses. Dr. Harrah always brings his A-game. Very proactive.  His nurse, Lynn is another great asset.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	Dr. Hamilton is very easy to talk with regarding the medical condition of his patients. He speaks openly and candidly to explain fully all one needs to know.  He has gone out of his way to provide information.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
56	-1	My mother spent 5 hours in the emergency room to be diagnosed with two kidney stones. They contacted Dr. Hamilton with Greenville Urology and he said he needed to see her that day. So, drugged on pain medicine, she was discharged from the hospital to go to the appointment at 1:30pm. We arrived at their office to find that we would wait in the waiting room for 1-1/2 hours before getting called back. During this wait, my mother was fighting sleep and severely nauseated. The doctor knew her condition because he had spoken personally with the hospital earlier that day. No one inquired about my mother during the wait. At 3:00pm, we were called to the back, the nurse started asking questions that they should have already had the answers to because the hospital sent all of the paperwork and a CD-ROM with all of her information on it. This was given to them when we first arrived at the office. The nurse was in no way friendly and when I spoke up that we had been there an extremely long time an 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	Dr Harmon has been my Dr since I can remember... probably 20 years now.  I have one memory that really stands out.  About 10 years ago, I was a young mother and I lost my health insurance and ironically was BITTEN by a spider in the same month!  Dr Harmon is such a wonderful Doctor and person that he put me on a IV antibiotic and fluids FOR HOURS...in his office.  He had his wonderful nurses checking on me periodically &amp; When I woke up &amp; made my way to the checkout counter to pay my bill. I was amazed to find out that he only charged me for a regular office visit. He handed me a bag full of sample antibiotics and sent me on my way!  After a few days he even called to check on me. It's hard to find healthcare professionals that are as genuine as Dr Harmon &amp; that care about their patients well being as much as he does!  Everyone at Waccamaw Medical Center is wonderful AS WELL!  I HIGHLY recommend the whole practice! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Dr. Harding has always been approachable, showing concern for my well being. He treats me like a person and remembers problems that I have had. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	Dr.Hehr took great care of my children.Their staff was very nice.The office was beautiful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthFirst
59	1	Very detailed explainations given. Shares his knowledge base with you and is concered for your well being. Very reassuring doctor. Staff are friendly and competent. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	0	Would not see this Dr. again...... continued an extraction when I was in great pain and screaming.  	4	5	3	3 	Insurance:Delta Dental
59	1	great office very accomadating and freindly, bedside manner very comforting.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
59	1	Always there with knowledgeable answers when I had questions. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	I developed pain in the mid potion of my upper right arm. Dr. Henderson diagnosed the problem immediately. He took an X-ray which confirmed his suspicion. I had a pinched nerve in my neck. He gave me a gizmo with a neck sling and water bag to stretch my neck out.  I used it for about two weeks.  Pain gone and has not returned.  My kind of Doc., no drugs and no cuttin.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	-1	This &quot;Dr&quot; would not renew my prescription which I must take for many more years. I reported her to the authorities. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	Would not originally give an important prescription, had to be coerced by another doctor and after would not renew said prescription. We are in the process of hiring an attorney. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	Would not renew prescription, asked me to go to another doctor for it. 		2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	Listens to the patient and does not blow smoke! Goes out of his way to assist.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	exclent doctor i have been using hime for years ..he is always courtouse and profeshional ..would and have recomended him to my family members.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:BC Med
62	-1	Dr. Heaster treats his patients and their families as if they are ignorant.  He is condescending (especially to older patients)and openly admits to not having glanced at a patient's records before entering his/her hospital room. Defensive of &quot;his group&quot;, he chooses not to treat, but to send home. A little fish in a big pond...  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
62	-1	 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	Consistently the best medical care I've received as an adult. Office staff is extremely caring and helpful. Periodontist takes time to explain and LISTEN. Excellent results from two gum surgeries. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	Dr. Hanna and his staff are the BEST! I looked forward to visiting his office because of the way that they made me feel while I am there. They remember who I am and are very friendly. Dr. Hanna always talks with me in his office first where he asks questions (both personal and medical), listens, and asks what questions I have. Whenever there is a problem, he calls me to tell me about it. When I call the office, I either talk to him or he calls me back if he is with a patient. I have never felt to cared for from a OBGYN as I have from Dr. Hanna.  	 2/29/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	Dr. Hanna and his staff are wonderful.  He has delivered two of my children.  He is very patient, understanding, and put me at ease about the delivery process.  When I called his office with questions, he would talk to me himself over the phone. I highly recommend Dr. Hanna and his staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
64	-1	Dr. Hanna lacked feeling and enthusiasm during my visit. He was slightly rude and in a rush to get me in and out of his office. Even though my husband and I were happy about having our first child. He did not join in on that happiness. He was in a rush the whole time with us. He was rude, boring, dry, and insensitive.  I am looking for another doctor! 	4	2	1	3 	Insurance:Tricare
64	1	Dr Hanna is very knowledgeable and very professional; I met him one week, and was so impressed I had scheduled my surgery with him for the following week.  His staff is very kind and competent also.  Would refer this doctor to everyone I know who is in need of an OB/GYN.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	I can't say enough good things about Dr. Hanna and his staff. He is caring, he listens, he is professional and he puts you at ease. I had to be referred to him from my primary care manager for a minor GYN surgery and the entire experience was wonderful. He's been one of the best OB/GYN doctors I've ever had.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
64	1	Dr. Hanna and his staff are the Best! They appear not to over schedule, take the time to listen, listen, listen. I appreciate the time and care given by him,his nurse, and the office staff! I thought I wanted a female Dr., but as male doctors go...He's one of the best! Barbara G. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	0	Beware of the nurse for this doctor. She does not wash her hands or wear gloves. I have reported this to the office manager, but have not been back since, nor will I ever go back. 		3	4	2 	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	Not pleased with this doctor at all. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	Nice and friendly.  Always on time.  Very helpful with questions.  	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:Delta Dental
65	1	Very helpful!! Extremely gental and caring. Dr Hammes has a partner in the practice, Dr. Herring. We have had bad experiences with him so be sure you ask specifically for Dr, Hammes when scheduling.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
66	-1	U b the judge. Appt scheduled 1-2 months ago b/c I'm a new client. I was advised 2 call everyday, mayb a client would cancel, I did. No avail, had 2 wait. Finally my day come. I'm super excited. I arrive @ 2pm.  Regis so easy, took less than 5min.  Recept very nice. I sat in waiting rm maybe 10 min &amp; was called 2 the back. I was ushered 2 a room, told 2 sit. The lady asked 1 &#63; 2 confirm why I was there.  She stated 2 remain in the room, Dr would be in shortly.  I sat in this rm almost an hr. @ 2:55 I walkd 2 the recpt, stated I was leaving. Approx 45 min I sat in a rm ALONE. No one came back 2 ck on me. No one said cat/dog the Dr is running behind time, she will be right with u. I wanted 2 make sure I wasn't charged (cancellation fee/Dr visit). The recpt went 2 verify, a group of workers were talking. In front of me, 1 of them said &quot;she just here 4 dry scalp, oh she can go&quot; like my issue wasn't important.  I can't make mention bout the DR, I never met her. I wouldn't recommend 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Dr Marta Hampton is an excellent dermatologist. She is efficient and expidites treatment without loss of quality or accuracy of treatment. Additionally she is a very nice lady.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	Dr. Hampton is wonderful!  My daughter had a skin condition which was misdiagnosed by three other doctors.  Dr. Hampton took a biopsy and asked if I had the same thing as a child (which I did but it was never diagnosed).  She named the condition and put my child on a cream which completely cleared it up.  She has occasional outbreaks but she uses the cream and it goes away.  My husband had third degree burns from an accident at work.  His company sent him to a doctor that wanted to remove all the skin and do skin graphs.  I took him to Dr. Hampton who prescribed soaking and wrapping with cream which we did and my husband has not scarring.  I had acne since childhood and Dr. Hampton diagnosed conflicting skin conditions and put me on three creams every day.  I have had not outbreaks and my skin is beautiful.  I recommend Dr. Hampton to my coworkers and everyone I know.   She is busy but she knows skin! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	-1	I am glad that others have had a positive experience with Dr. Hampton. Unfortunately, I did not. Though she's a sweet person, I did not find her very professional. I had extremely bad acne in my early teen years, and so I went to her about that. She put me on Amoxicillin, Cleocin, and Differin for 2 years straight. She saw me once in those two years (the first appt at which she prescribed the meds). All three of these are strong meds. Amoxicillin is an antibiotic. Because of this, my immune system has suffered tremedously. Unfortunately today you have to research the doctors (why we are on this site) and meds they put you on. The other two were harsh topical meds. They knocked out the acne, but did some damage to my skin, even carrying to years later. When I would try to make a new appt when my meds ran out, the receptionist would tell me that they were refilling my prescription. After that 1st appt, Dr Hampton never saw me again. I stopped taking the meds myself. I see Dr Schlessinger 	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	I saw Dr. Marta Hampton for hair loss.  She was very sensitive to my crisis.  She was very determined to help me.  She tried medication, an injection, and obtained a scalp biopsy, in order to get an accurate diagnosis.  The only problem was that I was brand new to this area and did not understand S.C. insurance.  I ended up paying for my treatment out of pocket.  I wish her staff had been more helpful in this catagory. Otherwise, I would recommend Dr. Hampton to anyone. She even called me back one time.  Not many doctors make their own call backs.  They generally have a staff member call instead! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Marta Hampton is a shining example of what a doctor should be.  Her waiting room is always full as she takes time to listen to her patients and does not &quot;rush&quot; you while she is with you.  She cares about her patients, is very down to earth, and takes ample time to determine the problem.   I would never hesitate to recommend her.  In addition to being a good doctor, she has three fantastic children and her husband shares office space with her.  I wish there were more professionals in every field like Dr. Hampton. 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Dr. Hampton is very compassionate. She is intent on finding the source of a problem, obtaining an accurate diagnosis, and creating an effective treatment plan. Her follow up care is excellent. Her dedication to patients is extraordinary. She never rushes you from her office, taking as much time as necessary to answer questions or explain treatment. If she is to busy during the day to answer phone questions she will return your call after hours. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	0	I lost a baby at 18 weeks. My regular doctor was out of town & so I was forced to use Dr. Heidtman. We were distraught & felt that he was very uncaring. Other visits before the miscarriage were equally bad.  	3	4	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	Dr. Heidtman was my OB. during  the whole term of my pregnancy. He was great til I went into labor. If it wasn't for the great nurses at St. Francis I don't know what I would have done. I was 10cm. dilated and in complete transition for 3 hrs. before he finally came in the room from his lunch /other duties to deliver me which then only took 10 mins. (my teeth were chattering like crazy)It was all the nurse could do to convince him that this baby was coming Right NOW cause it was my first. He was joking about needing the grips to pull the baby out when he walked in the room. After that he never even came by my room again during my stay there. 	4	3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	-1	During my visit I felt that I was treated horribly.I would NEVER recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was a complete waste of time and money.Overall I would rate this visit : AWFUL! 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	She's a resident, but is a wonderful, caring, competent physician. The MUSC Outpatient Psych. Clinic is a great resource. For those without insurance that covers mental health it's only $15 for a half hour/ $30 for an hour therapy session by a resident psychiatrist. Dr. Hassan and the other docs there are wonderful. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	Knowledgable, compassionate doctor.  Unique among phisicians. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	0	RN very incompetent. took her 30 days to get her to re-order meds for 93yr. old woman. Then Dr. Haseltine tells her to find another doctor. Very unprofessional doctor and staff.  	1	2	1	4 	Insurance:Medicare
71	1	I think Dr. Haseltine is a wonderful Doctor.  He listens to you and answer's all your questions.  He knows his stuff about medicine.  I truly like him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	Dr. Haseltine took over the care of my father in his 2nd week of hospitalization. He was responsive to the questions and concerns of myself, my mother and my father ( retired RN and MD) as treatment regimens were coordinated with other services to provide the necessary care. At the time of discharge, he ensured that we had all the resources needed to continue the care at home as well as all the appropriate contacts for any further questions/concerns that may occur. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	The best doctor you'll ever find. Very knowledgeable and friendly. You may have to wait an hour to be seen, but it is well worth the wait. If he can't fix it.. it can't be fixed! LOVE HIM! :)) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	he is very compassionate. he's also an excellent doctor who is very knowledgable. he's found several things wrong with me that other doctors either didn't take the time to find or mis-diagnosed. it may take him a little while to get in the exam room but it's because he takes adequate time with each patient to listen to their concerns and provide a solution to their problems. he also has a wonderful staff. my husban is a long-time patient, and i've only been going to him for about a year, but have never had a bad experience.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
72	1	Dr. Harter has the knowledge of many specialists in one. I have rated him excellent because, at the age of 71, I feel I have seen and had access to very many practicing physicians to make a good solid judgement.  My husband and I have been patients of Dr. Harter for several years.  His ability has been tested many times and I am in awe of his knowledge of the practice as well as sharing with his patients the information they need to take care of themselves.  I also think he stays abreast of and understands the use of the best drugs on the market for each individual.  I thank God that we have been so fortunate to have this good doctor working for us.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
72	1	Dr Harter is very knowledgeable and has an excellent&quot;bedside manor&quot;. You are treated as a human being and not like &quot;i&quot; realy too busy for this&quot;. I leave his off ice with a positive feeling.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
72	1	YOU MIGHT NOT GET TO SEE THE DR, AT THE TIME OF YOUR APPOINTMENT BUT IT IS BECAUSE THIS DR. WILL TAKE HIS TIME WITH YOU AND HEAR WHAT YOU HAVE GOT TO SAY. HE IS VERRY KNOWLEDGEABLE AND KEEPS UP TO DATE ON THINGS . HE SHOWS A INTREST IN YOU AND WILL GET BACK TO YOU IF YOU PUT A CALL IN TO HIS OFFICE. THE ONLY BAD THING IS HE DOES NOT MAKE HOSPITAL CALLS OTHERS DOCTORS WITH THE PRIMARY CARE ASSOCIATES DO THAT BUT HE WILL MONITOR YOU TREATMENT IN THE HOSPITAL 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Great experience with Dr. Hayden. I had heard about him through family/friends, and I'm so glad I went to see him. He was friendly and very knowledgeable.  	 4/21/12	4	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	He is really great w/ kids. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	He is probably the best overall GP that I have had in 70 years.  The continuing change of the association in which he works is poor, but my evaluation of him will not waiver. His clerical staff needs improvement, and I have told him so.  That too does not change my assessment of him.  In my estimation, he is truly interested in my health.  He quickly refers me to a specialist when he sees a need.  He provides more than to what I am accustomed.  Thank you Dr Harless and if you should leave your current association, I will follow if geographically possible.  	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	HE IS A WONDERFUL DOCTOR, BUT HIS STAFF IS ABSOLUTELY RUDE AND DISRESPECTFUL. HIS TAKES TIME TO HEAR YOUR WHOLE PROBLEM NOT JUST WHAT'S ON THE SURFACE. I HAVE MANY AILMENTS AND HE MANAGES THEM WELL.  THE ONLY COMPLAINT WOULD BE WITH CERTAIN MEMBERS OF HIS STAFF! 	1	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	Very good doctor but has a rude and obnoxious staff. I realize that this is beyond his control because of the group that he is in. But, it kind of sours any visit to his office.When he first opened his office, he ws the best doctor that I had seen. Since his patient log is bigger and bigger, he can't take the time to listen to what you are saying and really take the time to help you. He has started throwing out the first thing off the top of his head and saying &quot;Let's try this&quot; and goes to the next parient.  	2	2	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	Dr. Hansen is excellent, patient, caring and very thorough. Through discussions during office visits she has made recommendations which go beyond the reason I visited the office and has been a huge positive influence on my health in general. Great Doctor. See Wee Family Medical is an excellent practice.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	Dr. Hansen is friendly, thorough and easy to talk to. she listen's and cares about your health.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	Dr. Harriet Hansen and the office staff are very kind, welcoming and do a fantastic job! Happy to have found this office.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
76	-1	Dr. Hansen's administrative abilities are very limited and it is completely obvious that she has no managerial experience.  This also shows/transfers with her medical diagnosis.  I will never return to her office and I encourage others to avoid Dr. Harriet Hansen and her office.  This has been one of the most unprofessional experiences that I have ever had to go through.  Dr. Hansen certainly lacks common sense and that attitude trickles down to her overly sarcastic office staff.  To put it simply sarcasim has no place in a serious arena such as the health care industry.  From my experience it was made completely obvious that Dr. Hansen does not have the patients best interest in mind.  This is a doctor that puts profits ahead of patient care. If you are a minority you should also avoid this office because you will be subject to mal treatment and descrimination.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	1	Doctor is very helpful and answers all questions for me.  Also the rest of the staff is very caring too. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	-1	she is very rude and always say that it is normal. transfer my two girls to another pediatricain because she do not care about her patients and refuse to help with any concerns about your child.  she is rude 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	1	Very good doctor. She takes the time to listen to parents AND the child. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	Dr. Heldrich has been my two boys' pediatrician since the day they were born. They are now getting close to their teens, they will probably change, but I will always love Dr. Heldrich, she is a very special doctor!! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	Excellent doctor, willing to spend time on your child and consider all factors.  		4	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	-1	Poor service! This was the worst experience I have ever had with a physician.  The staff was rude and the doctor was worse.  He appeared to be uncaring and gave horrible advice. This doctor had a weird persona. He dresses in all black and behaves strangely.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	-1	My 26 year daughter recently had a stroke and was given Dr. Healy.  OMG!  Midnight visiting hours at the hospital - when a nurse caught him in the hall one day and sent him to the room for me to talk to I got to ask 2 questions and then he said he'd be right back. He left and never came back.Both office visits my daughter has had have been extremely LONG wait time and EXCEPTIONALLY RUDE OFFFICE STAFF!My daughter is seeking another doctor and I would not recommend Dr. Healy to my worst enemy.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	0	My wife has been seeing him for 45 days.  He has run multiple test and can not figure out the cause of her symptoms.  He has now taken a wait and see if it gets better on its own approach.  The last two office visits he didnt even examine her.  He just asked if she was better and when she said no he said we will try this and walked out.  He only spent a max of five minutes with her.  We had to wait three to four hours each visit and the office staff is very rude and unproffessional.  My wifes short term disability was turned down because Dr. Healy and his staff will not send in the information the insurance company needs.  Her FMLA was also denied because the same company handles that and they said they did not receive enough info from Healy to support a claim but Dr. Healy has been given her work excuses saying he would not release her back to work. We will not be seeing Dr Healy again.  We have already scheduled a appountment with another Neurologist.   Would not recommend to anyone 	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	Dr. Healy is a cat of a different color. He's very blunt, but very thorough. He took the time to get a diagnosis for a problem that had been causing problems for more than a year. His punctuality leaves something to be desired, but otherwise a very knowledgable doctor. They seem really busy for such a small office, so don't expect a lot of small talk. But Dr. Healy and his staff all do a good job.  	4	2	5	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	I had came to this site first and read the reviews first before my visit. I felt he was very patient and he listen to every concern I had. He took notes on just about everything I had to say and checked me very carefully. I felt he was a very good doctor and his staff was good as well. I rather have a doctor with no bed side manner and fix my problem then to be very friendly and my problem don't be solved For once I feel like my problem will be solved without being over medicated.  My next visit is next month and I can tell you I will highly recommend this doctor! 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	-1	Dr Healy is somewhat knowelgeable but due to his lack of time-control-skills and bedside manner, my mother has decided to switch doctors.  I suspect even if he had these traits, she still would have changed because his staff (especially Fonda) is/are disorganized, forgetful, and rude [to name only a few]!! The office even resulted into lieing about the amount of neurologists in Florence to keep her business...  DESPICABLE! 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	0	this doctor really messed my wife up for at least 3 years. wouldn't change her meds, and what he prescribed was poisioning her. she had seizures for 3 years, until she stopped taking her meds slowly. she slowly got better as she weaned herself off the meds. the doctor wouldn't see her again when we told him she stopped her meds slowly, and was getting much better. the staff was very rude to us, and we never got to see the dr. for at least a 3 hour wait. lots of sitting in the waiting room. he also told my wife and me things that he later recanted. I wish we had a digital recorder when he told us twice that a screw was poking into her spinal cord, and later said he never said that.  would not recomend this doctor to anyone!!!! 	1	1	1	4 	Insurance:Workers Comp
78	0	I've seen this doctor at least 3 times and each time I have waited over 4 hours to be seen. The staff is very snappy and they do not seem to help with timely filing of papers. Dr. Healy imself is wonderful. Very detailed. I appreciate his time that he spends with each person but management must take in consideration that fact when scheduling patients.  	1	1	1	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
78	-1	Staffers Kelly and Debbie at Dr Healy's office are very rude. I have only seen him once and he is OK. I have another appt with him this month. I will keep you posted. His staff needs some type of sensitivity training because they seem to be unprofessional &amp; rude hillbillies. 	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
78	0	Expect to spend 4 hours mininum waiting. I once had an appointment 1 pm and got out at 7:30pm. They bare not very good at returning calls either. The office manager and the doctor are nice but the rest need to go and I guess the office manger does need to work out scheduling better. It is ridiculous. Plus they are very slow about getting time mattered paperwork filled out for you. 	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	after going to 2 other drs i was referred to Dr Healy. i was in so much pain. he took the time to listen to me, he had tests ran and finally i had a dx. i've had 2 surgeries but the damage cannot be repaired. i see him every 3 mos, he helps with my pain management. he spoke for me when i could not, he stood up for me when i could not. he explained to the authorities that my injuries was work related. i am on disability now. Dr Healy is caring, understanding, and i believe he is just basicly a good family man. i'm thankful to God that Dr Healy is who he is. his office is always full of patients waiting to be seen by him and he's always there, sometimes he's running a little late but thats only because he was seeing patients  in the hospital or ER and sometimes he has to talk with other doctors on the phone. KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK DR HEALY. The treatments get me through the day.  GOD BLESS 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
78	1	I've been a patient of Dr. Healy for almost 20 years.  I see him 2-3 times a year.  The average time in the waiting room is between 2 and 3 hours.  There are a couple of people on his office staff that are very rude and difficult to deal with.  I've wittnessed them on many occassions over the years be snappy to patients asking the simpliest of questions.  Because of the long wait and having to deal with his office staff I have thought of seeing another doctor but Dr. Healy is great doctor and those are not easy to come by.  He listens and he truly cares about his patients. 	1	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	. the best doctor I have ever used - kind, compassionate, knowledgeable 	2	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	As a nurse we see all kinds of MDs.  Dr. Healy is truly a caring professional who takes great time in the hospital setting to assess and listen to his patients. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	-1	Was not happy with Dr at all.  No bedside manner, no compassion, in it for the money only.  Could care less about patients.  Would not recommend him for my dog. 	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Truely awesome Doctor, way better than most of them out there, but be careful, if you have ANY insurance problems that cause them not to get paid in 30 days, the office staff completely flips out (and you can't get in to see the doctor anymore) regardless of how silly it is, since they'll probably get paid in a few weeks.  	1	1	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
79	1	Dr. Neven is a great doctor!  I suffer from ulcerative colitis and since I started seeing him, I rarely have flare-ups.  He has a great bedside manner and clearly cares for his patients. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	Dr. Natalie Hammond was kind and knowledgeable, staff was not. The system was down, so they had to bill for my copay. No problem, except they failed to update my records and billed my mother. I haven't been on her insurance in 4 years. Luckily she's my emergency contact, otherwise my privacy would have been violated. This was not just a misreading of forms, as her address was nowhere on the paperwork I filled out in March. After the bill was sent to the wrong place, I have yet to receive the corrected bill now at the end of April, and had much trouble calling the general MUSC system today. I spent the better part of an hour trying to get in touch with someone who could help me. I will not go to MUSC ever again. I would rather bleed to death.  	1	4	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	Dr. Hammond is very sweet and has a great sense of humor. She made a point to make me feel comfortable during a not-so-comfortable exam.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	I was impressed from the beginning with his warm manner and attentiveness. I felt like I had known him for years instead of a first visit. He is easy to talk to and I will definitely see him again. I walked out absolutely satisfied I found a good doctor for my arthritis.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	Dr Hatfield has been our family doctor for years.  We trust him and consider him not only our doctor but our friend. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	I changed to Dr Hatfield about 3 years ago and I have been thoroughly satisfied how I've been treated. He's very smart and friendly which makes the visits easy. He has a professional staff also. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	Really nice guy 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	. take time to listen,discuss you problem in detail,highly recommend 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
84	1	Excellent doctor. Very knowledgeable. Always helpful. Cares very much for his patients. Specializes in children with difficult problems. Very good diagnosing with others can't find an answer. I recommend him to anyone with allergies, asthma or sinus problems 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	Dr Harper is excellent with children of all ages, as well as adults. He is very kind and caring with all of his patients. He takes the time to answer all questions that you might have. His nursing staff is very knowledgeable and helpful to the patients as well as parents of the children see by him. The front staff has always welcomed me with a smile and hello. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	Mrs. Lauren F. Hamilton has poor professional skills. She isn't knowledgeable of any pregnancy related issue besides finding the heartbeat of the baby. She is too judgmental and very wrong with her opinions. I would never recommend this doctor or any doctor at Charleston OBGYN because of the poor service, frequent insurance problems and lousy, negative staff members; except for Molly, the OB Nurse and the lady who draws IVs. The staff are very unfriendly and they have lousy facial expressions and the act and look very unprofessional. Mrs. Hamilton thinks she knows everything and if you don't do it her way she kicks you out of the office. I believe she is depressing and probably should have never been in the medicine practice. Someone should have taught her people skills because she has zero of them. She provided false info to her boss about my doings and she negated every opinion I had about my own pregnancy and child. She is a sad excuse for a doctor and her title should be removed.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	-1	I would most definitely not recommend Dr. Hamilton to younger women/teenagers as she comes across as very judgemental and rude.  She blew off my concerns and questions and told me she was the doctor, and therefore she would be the one to tell me if there was a problem.  Both my sister and I left her office in tears after our first (and ONLY) appointments.  	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	Great doctor! Knows what she is talking about and very compassionate! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	Dr Hamilton is a fantastic doctor! I have been a patient of hers for six years and I have also worked with her in the hospital setting for eight years. She is very knowledgeable and caring to all of her patients. Sometimes she can very &quot;to the point&quot;  and frank, but for me, this is a great quality to have as a doctor because patients need clear-cut and honest answers. I would highly recommend Dr. Hamilton to other women. In fact, the majority of the nurses that I work with are patients of hers. She is definitely is one of the most liked OBGYNs among our unit in the hospital, which I believe says a lot about her character and her abilites as a physician. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	I have been a patient of Dr Hamilton's for 11 years. I also have the unique perspective of knowing her not only as my physician, but as a practitioner that I have worked with for as long. When I moved to Charleston, I spent alot of time studying the physicians that I work with  so that I could choose an OB doctor for myself. After working with her and seeing how she interacted with her patients, I made an appointment and have never been sorry that I chose her. Yes- she has alot of patients. That, to me, is a testament that she is good to them.  I myself have had to wait a little while to see her, but I know it is because she is putting in quality time for someone who needs it.When I have needed a little extra time, she has done the same for me. I have seen her with her patients in the hospital setting and know many of them in the community,and they rave about her. She is a knowlegeable, caring doctor and I would recommend her to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
85	-1	Dr Hamilton made some odd comments during the course of my pregnancy. One comment was about how I shouldn't gain any more weight because my husband was slender and a good looking man. During another visit she mentioned she never really liked children until she had her own. So why she decided to bring children into the world is beyond me. She was in and out of the examination room in less than 10 minutes. When I asked a question she wouldn't answer the question I asked. She would reply but not with a knowledgeable answer. When I went for my postpartum visit she barely glanced at my baby. When I asked her opinion about a rash on my little ones head she said she didn't deal with babies and left the room. I should have found a new doctor while I was pregnant. I would NEVER recommend her to someone else.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
85	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Hamiltons for 3 years now. I have gone though very exciting and tough times with her. she has always been there to listen and answer any questions or concerns that I have had. my husband and I recently went through a miscarriage and she has been there with as much support as my family members. I have recommended her to all of my friends and family and so far no complaints from any of them either. I look forward to trying to conceive again and have the privilage of her being my doctor and delivering all of my children in the future and from then on.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Hamilton's for 12 years.  I could not recommend her more or speak more highly of my confidence in her abilities.  She always errs on the side of caution in her diagnoses and addresses any questions or issues I bring to her with frank, honest advise, opinions, and knowledge.   I trust her implicitly and after 12 years have never had an occasion to change my strong opinion.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	Dr. Hamilton is very kind and took a lot  of time to understand me and my problems. She has been late at times but she never rushes me and is thorough when she answers my questions. Her nurse always calls me back usually within the day I have called with a problem. I have been seeing her for several years and have recommended her to all of my friends who also really like her.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	-1	When first making the appt, the on hold music at the office was more fitting for a nightclub than a professional office.  Upon arriving, the radio in the receptionists area was loud.  It took an hour and a half to see Dr Hamilton.  She was wearing tight pants and a tight sweater.  Her attitude was cavalier.  When I quietly questioned the wait time, she became defensive and even more arrogant.  When I suggested it was disrespectful to keep people waiting a long time, she closed the folder and said, &quot;let's just end this now.&quot;  She stated she was a VERY GOOD Dr (her emphasis), and marched out of the room. Since no part of our discussion had been about her ability as a medical practitioner, her parting remarks indicates that, from her perspective, she is so good no one is to question her and any wait is worth it.  I am a middle aged, professional woman who feels online reviews should be accountable.  For more information, my contact is MyReviewsSC@gmail.com.  	3	1	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
85	-1	Just another doctor writing prescriptions to make money. In-and-Out kind of doctor. Don't get me wrong, she was friendly, but not personable at all. With this kind of a job, you NEED to be personable. She wasn't very detailed. She didn't explain why I was having the problems I was having with my periods, but just put me on birth control. When I got back in town from college and booked an appointment, I saw her and she just prescribed more birth control without examining me or anything. So I just paid a copay for no reason. I also waited quite a long time outside the waiting room, and then inside the waiting room, and then again in the actual examining room. I will never go back to her again. Have yet to find a good OB/GYN in Charleston. 	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	she was always in hurry and atdifferent office all the time so it was difficult to make an appointment with her. I thought she was very rude and never wanted to spend time with me(i mean answer my questions) I felt like she did not give me a chance to ask any questions. Her office stuff is very rude. they make it very difficult to schedual an appointment. i highly recomand not to go to her practice. All the doctors in her practice sucked. please dont go to the practice. my whole pregnancy i was so upset and unhappy about Dr. hamilton. i wish i changed the doc earlier. anyways, good luck if you are her patients.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	She is to the point but has time for concerns. 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	Dr. Hamilton was very kind, but always in a hurry. She was in a different office every day making it difficult to schedule convenient appointments. Many of the things I asked her about she had never heard of and I had to explain them to her.  She also takes a lot of vacations!  During my pregnancy she was gone for 3 weeks (at different times) including my due date - leaving me to be delivered by a stranger. I think OBGYN's with many dr's should rotate their patients through the office. 	4	2	4	3 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	Dr. Hamilton is a knowledgable doctor. However, I believe that she is overextended. She is in a different location depending on the day of the week, and only has access to ultrasound machine at North Charleston. Her office staff is rude and always seems to try to find an excuse not to give you an appointment.  After seeing Dr. Hamilton for several years, I finally decided to switch to a new OB/GYN because of these issues.  	1	3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	. Very nice, listens well and cares 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	HE IS BEYOND THE BEST DR. IVE HAD...HE DILIVERED MY OLDEST CHILD...I BLED REAL REALY BAD..HE HAD THEM PREP THE OR FOR A RATICAL HISTERECTAMY....BUT THANK GOD THEY GOT IT UNDER CONTROL..HE MADE SURE OF THAT BEFORE HE LEFT MY SIDE...I ALSO HAD TO WEAR AN OXYGEN MASK..I SAW HIM FOR MY AFTER DELIVERY CHECK...SO THE NEXT TIME I GOT PREGNANT I KNEW WHO I WANTED TO SEE.. SO IF I CULD GET HIM I DID...I DIDNT WANT ANYONE ELSE BUT SOME TIMES I HAD NO CHOICE..HE  TOOK CARE OF ME AFTER I MISSCARRIED WITH MY 2 PREG....I SAW HIM WITH MY 3.PREG.HE DELIVERED MY 2 SON...AND AGAIN DID NOT LEAVE TILL I WAS SAFE...I SAW HIM WITH MY 4TH PREG. A WELL.. 2 BUETIFUL BOYS AND 1 LIL PRINCESS..THERES ALOT MORE IN MY STORY THE TROMMA THRU MY DELIVERIES.AND I FEEL IF NOT FOR DR. HEPHNER I MAY NOT BE HERE TODAY...IF I HAVE ANY WOMAN QUESTIONS I STILL GO TO DR. HEPHNR...I LOVE THIS MAN....LOL....  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
86	1	Dr. Hepfer has been my ob/gyn for 2 pregnancies and 1 hyterectomy.  He is the only one who took my complaints leading to the hyst seriously.  Even a female dr in the practice didn't take me seriously enough to fix it.  He performed a beautiful surgery, delivered my babies, is a reknowned dr.  If you were to have a female issue, he is the one you would want attending to the problem.   I am sad that I no longer have to see him every year! 	 10/6/08	3	3	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Dr Hallett takes special interest in thoroughly listening to the needs of his patient and explaining the condition and treatment options. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Dr. Hallett is an extraordinary physician. He is kind, thoughtful, compassionate and also has a reputation as one of the top vascular surgeons in the country. We were delighted with the care we received from him. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	I've been seeing Dr. Hartvigsen for 10 years.  Although he's a 30 minute drive from my home and office, it's worth the drive.  He has a wonderful bedside manner and takes the time to listen and works with his patients to find a suitable treatment that actually works to solve the underlying problem, not just the symptoms. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	Dr. Haber is one of the most compassionate and helpful therpist I ever saw. He helped me through a very rough time in my life, and I can honestly say, he was there to keep me going when I thought I was going to die. I think so highly of his professional skills and his counseling is exceptional.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Tricare
91	1	she listens to her patients as well as family members. she will take the time to answer any questions. devoted to her patients despite her personal life.  	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
92	1	Dr. Hanna has been my family doctor since I stopped going to my pediatrician.  He really cares about his patients, and he listens carefully to what's going on.  He says &quot;You know your body&quot;.  When insurance companies hassle me and I need endless paperwork filled out, he goes the extra mile and more to get it done.  He's wonderful with his assessment skills and I think it's pretty much instinctual to him, like he was born to be a doctor.  My whole family and I love him. He's quick, but he has a lot of patients, and he focuses completely on the patient he's with at the time.  He has a &quot;thinking look&quot;, and he always has a very intelligent answer and I trust him.  Very good man...thankful he's my doctor.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	1	have always felt at ease with him.  he is thorough, giving excellent care with a good attitude; seems to enjoy his work. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	Dr. Carl Henderson is a respected individual in the community of Greenwood and truly cares about his patients. I have been a patient of his for several years and he and his staff have always maintained a professional and diligent attitude towards my dental health and the dental health of my friends and family. I highly recommend his services.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	0	At my first appt. I actually saw Dr. Hassis and I liked him very much. He seemed knowledgeable and friendly. Then he passed me around the office on my next two appts. to his resident psychologist and his P.A. When I didn't like my new meds and called to talk to him, his office staff would only let me talk to his P.A., who I found rather unpleasant. His P.A. wrote my prescriptions and the staff never even set me up for an appt. directly with Dr. Hassis until I specifically asked for it. I never saw him in the office again. I was paying $50 co-pay every visit to see the P.A. and the psychologist. My insurance co. was billed incorrectly three times. Also, his scheduler told me that I could not come in for a refill of my meds (with his P.A.) unless I scheduled a particular test that month, which I suspect was a big money maker for the practice. I didn't appreciate having my prescription held hostage. I had high hopes for this doctor but I will be looking for another one now.  	1	3	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	-1	This is A.T. In Spartanburg and i retract my positive experience written earlier. Today I was called in by Dr. Hassis nurse to come see Dr. Hassis due to continued problems. This was my fifth visit with him. He refused to come in the room to see me and had his nurse see me. He told her to tell me that he was too busy to see me and when I advised that I was their for treatment by him and I had paid my 35.00 co-pay his answer was that &quot;its just not happening today. I'm too busy and if i happen to see her in the hall I will talk to her then&quot;. Needless to say I will be reporting him to the medical board as well as introducing him to the Lewis Blackman law in which a patient has the right to see their doctor. He is a disgrace to the medical field and I would not recommend him to anyone. BEWARE because for the first 3-4 visits he is so caring and then he turns into a complete uncaring and insensitive idiot. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	I love Dr. Hassis and my experience with him has been nothing but positive.  He has helped diagnose my problem and the treatment ( epidural spiinal injections) have helped tremendously. He is very knowledgeable and has a great bedside manner. Thanks for all that you do. A.T. In Spartanburg SC. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	-1	AFTER SEEING THE OTHER COMPLAINT ON THIS DOCTOR IT CAN'T HOLD A CANDLE TO MY VISIT. THERE IS NOT ENOUGH SPACES TO TELL MY FIRST VISIT AND MY SECOND. I ONLY CAME BACK SHOW THAT I DO HAVE HEALTH ISSUES. MY PAPERWORK WAS NOT EVEN READY AT CHECK IN, AFTER HE TREATED ME LIKE HE DID, I WASN'T GOING BACK, BUT I DIDN'T CANCEL THEY JUST ASSUMED AND IT WASN'T READY HE DIDN'T EVEN COME IN TO GIVE ME MY RESULTS AN ASSISTANT DID. I THINK IF HE HAD TIME TO SIT LEANED BACK IN A CHAIR IN THE MIDDLE OF THE AREA WHERE  PATIENTS WALK HE HAD TIME AND PROFESSIONALISM TO SEE ME ON MY FOLLOW-UP VISIT THE PA TRIED TO TAKE UP FOR HIM BUT IT DIDN'T WORK FOR ME. HE IS NOT A NICE PERSON, MUCH LESS A PHYSICIAN. A BAD EXCUSE FOR THE HOSPITAL. VERY RUDE ARROGANT AND JUST PLAIN MEAN. I WOULD NEVER LET THIS DR TREAT ME, NEVER. I REALLY DON'T KNOW WHAT KIND OF LIFE THIS MAN HAS THAT HE HAS AN ATTITUDE LIKE HE DOES AND THE BOARD NEEDS TO KNOW. IT'S BAD 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
95	-1	At first conact doctor was very helpful and I saw him almost every visit.  As time went on I virtually never saw him.  Felt removed from the process.  As time progressed he appeared to become dismissive and unconcerned.  After having an accident he refused to continue treatment due to the accident.  This left us completely bewildered.  I was informed of this decision through a secondary party.  Very disappointing have to make such a report but the treatment was even more disappointing.  The logic escaped not only me but my family doctor and the heart specialist that I see.  I hope this is an isolated event.  	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
96	1	Dr. Hanke is the best doctor I have ever had. She takes her time and gets to know you as a person. I appreciate her efforts and compassion. She is an amazing doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	. great doctor! she pays close attention, very caring/compasionate and excellent patient interaction! best doctor i've seen in the upstate yet! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
97	1	After 14 years of suffering and many doctors with no real answers, a friend suggested Dr. Harper. I saw him in Dec. 2008 for the first time, very leery of Doctors, and quite frightened. I was amazed when at my first appointment, he spent nearly 3 hours with me going over every detail of my history, doing a thorough exam, and asking a lot of questions. Most had never spent more than 15 mins with me. He has a wonderful bedside manner and is the kindest doctor I've ever known. When I left that day, I felt like I finally had a doctor who cared and I knew I had someone on my team who would help me find answers so that I could live the kind of life I wanted to live. Over the last ten months, his determination to help me get better has never wavered, though my case is complicated. He is truly a Godsend! I recommend him to everyone I know. I drive from Hilton Head Island once per month to see him (2.5 hours 1 way) and it is worth every mile! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	Dr. Harper is an amazing doctor.  I am a young female in my 20's and I have been in pain for around 10 years.  I have never been able to understand what my medical problem actually was until I visited Dr. Harper.  Not only will he take the time to talk to you and make sure he fully understands your concerns, he will take the time to try and understand how he can help!  (That is why their office isn't very punctual... he takes a lot of time with each patient... which is worth the wait!)  I am now pain free because of Dr.  Harper's continuous patience and help!  I highly recommend this doctor for any age or problem! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
97	1	Dr. Harper is the consummate professional....attentive, thorough, patient and understanding, not to mention kind. Everything you hope your caregiver would be.  5 tars and 2 thumbs up!!! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	Dr. Harper diagnosed and treated me for Fibromyalgia.  I had been suffering with pain and severe fatigue for two years and didn't know what was wrong with me.  He tested me and talked to me, reviewed my medical background and diagnosed me.  We worked together on pinpointing the perfect combination of meds and exercise for a few months.  He doesn't give up.  He really listens to you and cares about each patient as if they were his only patient.  I have other family members who see him, and we all agree he's the best.  I drive 2.5 hours one way to see him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
97	1	I had been seeing a Rheumetologist in Myrtle Beach , SC for 2 years.  I was taking lots of drugs and getting Cortizone shots every month. This doctor charged me over $300.per month.  My RA kept getting worse. I was in so much pain I needed a wheel chair. I was very depressed. My friend told me that she was happy with Dr Harper,so I decided to see him,December 1999. Dr Harper has never given me any shots.  He switched my medicine around for about a year, and now we have the perfect formula. I feel like a different person. I don't need my wheel chair.  My husband and  Daughter are Dr Harper's patients too. I reccomend him to everyone.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	As a nurse, I have come in contact with a lot of doctors. Few listen to their patients and respect their thoughts/feelings as much as Dr. Harper. Dr. Harper relies less on lab results and more on reported feeling, which is essential when treating many autoimmune disorders. Dr. Harper also values other important aspects of care, such as exercise, proper nutrition, and weight balance. As a nutrition/exercise scence major in undergrad, I sincerely appreciate the attention to the holistic care of patients and the promotion of healthy lifestyle in addition to medication therapy. I have also been to University-linked rheumatologists. While I am a huge proponent of teaching hospitals, I felt more like a research experiment than a patient. However, Dr. Harper treats the person. I am a young lupus patient who has a lot of life to live, am active, and enjoy life. Dr. Harper has helped me more than any other MD. I recommend getting an early appt, though, as he tends to run behind.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	Dr. Harper is a caring professional.  I recommend him without hesitation.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	Dr. Frank Harper is compassionate, communicates well, really listens, and is extremely knowledgeable. He explains everything, is accessible via his staff (who is also top-notch, caring, and compassionate), and is appreciative of the pro-active patient. He spends as much time as is needed during the appointment and that's why he runs late at times. He's the best, I wouldn't go to anyone else! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	Dr Harper is knowlegeble, personable and truly listens to you. He admits when he isn't sure what is wrong and looks for answers. He always explains his thoughts and conclusions clearly. I would not hesitate to recommend him.  		2	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
98	1	Why does Dr. Herman send you to another doctor and then refuse for you to do what the other doctor said. I have spent a bunch of money seeing the other doctor, then to be told not to do what they said. Why did you send me there in the first place&#63; So frustrating. That puts me between a rock and a hard place. He thinks he is a cardiologist too. Also he is going to join MDVIP and so I will be leaving his practice. I refuse to pay that extra money when we have to deal with Dotty. She is beyond rude which people have noted on here. Dr. Herman is smart but not the ONLY smart doctor in town, even though he thinks he is.  	2	4	2	5 	Insurance:Medicare
98	1	His front office person, Dottie has run away many patients due to her rudeness. The rest of the staff is wonderful.It is a shame that she is the first person you meet. Dr. Herman has been told repeatedly how rude she is, but does nothing about it, so that must mean he doesnt care either. He would not want to be treated that way himself. Many have left or refused to come to his practice because of her.  What a shame! 	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	1	Very attentive,personable and knowledgeable. Thank you very much, Doc.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Assurant
98	1	Dr. Herman is the most compassionate and helpful physician I have ever had. It is very easy to get in touch with his office and get an appointment. I would feel comfortable sending anyone in my family to him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	1	Everyone on his staff is wonderful except for the pit bull he has as a receptionist. Unfortunately, she is the first person you reach when you go there. If you can get past her, the rest of the visit is wonderful. His nurse is great and always cheerful. His lab person is good, but changes quite often. Dr. Herman is smart and good. My only vise is his front office person.  	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	1	Knowledgeable, compassionate, direct, concerned with outcome punctual/never have to wait to see him. Explains all tests and procedures. Staff is excellent.  Office is clean, decorated very well, easy to get to. I'd recommend Dr. Herman and his staff over just about any doctor anywhere.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
98	1	I have been going to Dr Herman for 15 years and he is the best Internist I have ever had.  He is caring, compassionate, punctual, accurate and thorough.  He is down to earth, caring and a very compassionate healer.  You can call in with a problem and have your call returned that day.  His staff is excellent and thorough and they actually RETURN YOUR CALL within a hour or two!!  He is top notch!! Even if I moved away I'd still keep Dr. Herman as my doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	Doctor Herman has been my doctor for 14 years.  He is the best doctor I have ever had.  Compassionate, caring, very thorough.  Never rushes and not judgmental.  You can call in and tell them you have a problem and have a call returned that day!  Not a quick &quot;doc in a box&quot; either but a real professional scientific doctor who wants you to get better and stay better too! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	A wonderful doctor.  Has treated several members of my family for years.  Takes extra time to find out what is happening with you, and has a sense of humor as well. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	He has a nurse that always is cheerful and goes the extra mile as does Dr.  Herman 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	1	Dr. Herman is very up to date on the newest patient care. His staff is very organized.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	1	Excellent bedside manner and cares about his patients. Really goes the extra mile in hospital visits. Came in on hid day off to examine x-rays.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
99	1	I normally do not participate in these ratings, but after seeing Dr. Hedden's rating, I felt I must respond.  I have never been to a doctor's office that was more punctual.  I am usually seen within 10 or 15 minutes, at worst, of my appointment time.  Dr. Hedden has always taken time to answer my questions in detail.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
99	-1	This 'gentleman' and his staff are easily the worst operation I have ever seen. The doctor is bordering on 'oaf' and his staff likewise. I wouldn't even take my dog there, I love him to much. Stay away for your own health and well being. Godspeed. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
99	-1	We took our one-year-old son to the minor care center of Mary Black and this doctor came in to examine my son. Only he didn't! I had a list of everything going on with my son with timelines, and he didn't hear a word I said. He listened to him with a stethoscope for about 10 seconds, didn't even bother to look at his throat, in his mouth, his ears, NOTHING! He was rude to us after we told him our son was not fully vaccinated, and questioned us as to why. He left the room after his very brief exam, and after a long wait, the nurse came in to tell us the doctor said to use an OTC anti-diarrheal for his diarrhea. She then proceeded to chastise me for giving him formula, even though its the only thing he would take! I took him to our regular doc the next day to find out he had tonsilitis, double ear infections, and inflammation of his lungs so bad they had to put him on steroids! They couldn't believe all of that had been missed.  Diarrhea was the least of his problems! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
100	1	Dr. Hand is a caring and very good doctor at what he does.  He takes the time out to talk to you to find out what is going on.  The exam of you is done from head too toe on you! The wait time is usually within 30 minutes, sometimes it might be an hour.  He has the office follow up with you if needed.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
