dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	 He is a very great doctor and also great with kids, including special needs.  		4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	commentsDr. Watson and his staff were awesome.  We tried different non surgical things before I had go have surgery.  I would recommend him and his PA to anyone. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	commentsA very capable surgeon.  Offered several options relative to my needed surgery.  He had to do a more extensive job once the surgery began, but that had been one of the things he had explained during my initial consultation.  His P.A. is great and also very professional.  I have referred other family members to him because of my confidence in his ability.  Answers any and all questions during appointments and his P.A. returned my calls as well.  Very happy with Dr. Watson and staff! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	commentsVERY friendly guy! However, at each appointment I've had to wait up to an hour and a half before getting called back to be seen by the doctor. Physician assistant is the nicest lady you'll ever meet! Overall, a great doctor experience. 	3	2	5	4	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	 Dr. Watson is WONDERFUL!!!  One of the truly best Dr's out there.  He was very compassionate when I came to see him for my foot injury.  He was very precice on everything he did, and took the time to explain my injury in detail & in Leimans terms so that it was easier to understand the injury and also with different possibilities of treatment routes. He is one of the few Dr's out there that seem to really care about his patients wellbeing.  I can't say enough good things about Dr. Watson.  I would recommend anyone to see him if you have a foot or ankle problem.  Keep up the GREAT work Dr.  Watson!!! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	-1	comments 	4	4	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	 Dr. Westbrook painstakingly helped me through a very traumatic back injury, and provided me her medical pain management treatment. I have recovered after several surgeries and now living a pain free and normal life I have resumed life and am happy with the services she and her staff provided me.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Workers Comp
19	-1	 In Dr. Westbrooks care, from people I know as well as me, if you are not a drug addict before you go in, you will be one before you leave . I went in for a concern of taking to much of a weak pain med.Within a year I was loaded up on oxycontin. She is basicly a legalized drug dealer and she knows how to keep people coming to see her. And if you do not pay up completly before your next &quot;visit&quot; she will not see you. And if you are taking oxy you will do anything, I mean ANYTHING, to get the money for more. The money is to be sent to her personel account in New York. I detoxed off all the pain meds and have little to no pain anymore. Go to floridadetox.com  if you want out of that awful addiction.  	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	-1	 I felt very uncomfortable asking questions or voicing concerns about procedures and medications she was prescribing - she seemed offended as if I was questioning her expertise.  When I had to page her due to an emergency, she began the conversation with &quot;I hope you know i'm supposed to be on vacation!&quot;.  There needs to be more concerned with the patient's wellbeing.  	4	1	2	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	commentsDr. Westbrook is the only doctor who has been able to offer me any type of relief, but still hasn't been able to 'cure' me. I like that she is open to many types of procedures that other doctors in the area will not even address. My only complaint is that I think there is a lack of communication between the doctor and patient, but otherwise the visits have been fairly average in satisfaction. 		4	4	3	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	commentsDr. Westbrook has been treating a chronic condition I have for years. I consistently wait an hour in her waiting room, a half an hour before the nurse will see me, and another hour before the doctor herself shows up. A gentle bedside manner is nonexistant, and you are a chart as opposed to a patient. There is no eye contact, and any questions you ask are treated as an attack on her knowledge of medicine. She's very impersonable and cold. 		1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	commentsVisited this doctor as a new patient for a yearly checkup. After his nurse took BP and heart rate his contribution was basically an ear, nose and respiratory exam and an order for general blood work. Hardly what i am used to for a yearly exam especially that I just turned 50. Had mentioned the prescription drugs and dosages I was currently taking and noted on his visit review document that he had noted all the dosages incorrectly. I should, &quot;continue taking 100 mgs of Imitrex 4 times a day&quot;&#63; If that were the case I'd have much bigger problems! His general knowledge of prescription drugs left me feeling that he has not kept current for some time. While many drugs can fall into the same category, the way each works can differ but the doctor's reply to my request to switch a given medication was to the effect of, &quot;they're all the same&quot;.   I can not recommend Dr. Weiland due to his apparent lack of medical knowledge and the inaccuracy of documentation. Surely the latter outweigh the former. 	5	5	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	 The amount of time spent during the physical exam averages 5 min or less.  Not thorough in the least.   Prostate exam &quot;in and out&quot;...that's it.  Professional but very defensive if asked questions.  May be a very good generalist however with multiple medical conditions, may not be a good choice for a physician.  	5	3	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	 This pleasant and friendly doctor spent adequate time discussing my medical history, but the physical exam was extremely cursory. He didn't listen to carotids, iliac arteries, palpate lymph nodes or abdomen, such as to check for pulsatile masses, ie. a check for developing aneurisms, or check for peripheral pulse strength. The least thorough exam I've ever received. He didn't do a prostate exam which might be all right given some of the evidence that precludes such exams in low risk moderately older men, but there are always exceptions to studies that find such results. I do not enjoy the exam, but need to do more checking to see if it still should be done even in light of a history of low PSA results. Dr. Weiland and his nurse have been very helpful with fast response to prescriptions and queries about various subjects. I believe I'll still try this gentleman in the future, but hope for more in depth examinations, especially as I get older.  	5	5	3	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	-1	 Said I needed surgery for an anel fissure....went to the Mayo Clinic and they said that there was absolutly no need for surgery.  Mayo fixed my problem on the spot. Stay away from conventional doctors is my best advice.  	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	commentsThe best. Took his time and really cared about you as a person. He wouldn;t open me up because it could cause more harm than good. He is also going to be checking with other doctors about my care and how I am doing. SUPERB 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	 Based upon the recommendation of my gastroentrologist, I set up an appointment with Dr. Wheeler to have a Nissan fundoplication. I had no problem with the requirement to set up a separate appt just to discuss the procedure. He required invasive, painful pre-surgery tests to determine if I was a good candidate for the surgery, but then advised surgery before even looking at the results. He did not do so until I specifically asked him to. I came to the pre-surgery information appt having researched the surgery and with a list of questions.  He perfunctorily told me that he didn't have time to talk to me about the surgery (even though that was the entire purpose of the appt), so if I had questions, I needed to make ANOTHER appt.  He was the quintessential negative stereotype of the arrogant surgeon.  End of story&#63; I had the surgery - it was a failure, and I am worse off now than if I had never had the surgery. I am now scheduled to go to Mayo Clinic to see if they can fix his mess.  	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	 Dr Weekly is very knowledgeable and patient to questions. I have been very pleased with his service. I was in a terrible accident and he was one of the specialist that was called and did an awesome job.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
25	1	.  He is great friendly helpful and very knowledgable 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
34	1	 I have been going to Wallace for 9 years and would not trade her for anything. She is the best dr ever and is very smart and she truly does care about her patients no matter the age. My grandma switched and came to her and my grandma reminds me very time she goes to see her she wished she had her the whole time.  I  can't say enlightened about her she delivered all three of my children and she is their primary dr as well! I will recommend her to anyone she truly is the best 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
34	-1	 I went with my elderly mother to this Doctor.  She was not very friendly or concerned and has very little personal interest.  She does the very minimum and is ready to refer the patient to someone else. Most people go out of their way for older people.  	4	3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	commentsI have been seeing Dr. Wallace for 11 years. She is very helpful and easy to visit with. Her nurses are always polite and they work as a great team. i feel very comfortable seeing Dr. Wallace for anything. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	commentsI have been going to Dr Caryn Wallace for several years now.  She has been my favorite Dr. so far.  She always takes the time to sit and listen to you.  I never feel rushed when I see her.  She always looks at all possible causes and will order tests to rule things out. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	 Dr Watt did a wonderful job on my neck. He was very kind and answered all my questions. I would recommend him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	-1	 I wasnt pleased with this Doc. I couldnt feel my leg after the operation he said i had to have. Other docs said it wasnt necessary.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:AARPPaid/Co-pay:$250
36	-1	 Never did get results of labs or Xrays. Feel that it shouldn't be necessary to call to get the results. Just walked out of the room and said, &quot;You don't need me&quot;.  	3	3	1	3	Insurance:Medicare
36	1	 I found dr watts and his staff to be very nice.   Helped me a great deal 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	 Dr Watt has operated on my neck and my back. I had a lot of physical therapy and a few injections before he operated on me. He did not rush me and actually held my surgery off as long as he could. I have had good out comes both times.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
36	1	 Dr. Watt is an excellent surgeon. He operated on my husband twice. Once for cervical fusion and once for an ulnar nerve. He is professional and honest and provided all the information we needed to help in recovery. Highly recommended.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	 Dr. Watt performed two surgeries on my back.  I was very pleased with him and will return to him if I ever need to.  	5	2	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
36	1	commentsPerformed a medically unnecessary surgery on my 82 yr old mother (this was confirmed by follow up visit with another neuro surgeon and other doctors).  She has been in sever 24/7 pain that was not present before her surgery. 	4	2	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	commentsHe messed up my first surgery, did a second surgery, and now I am left worse off now than when I went to see him initially.  I'm in constant pain and crippled for life.  He's a ****!!!  Do yourself a favor and stay away from him!!!! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	commentsDr watt did a fourth surgery after Dr rice messed up my back from three surgeries. He was a concerned Doc ,but no relief after completing the fourth surgery supposidly to fix Dr rice&quot;s bad work.I now am in chronic pain 24/7 and would not let any Doc from the Spine Center touch me ever again,even though they want to do a fifth surgery to remove the instumatation in my spine.I will be going to either oklahoma or to Mayo for further testing and /or another surgery.I hurt like hell and its for a lifetime of misery to let these guys cut away. 		3	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	 I saw Dr. Watt for back surgery. I ended up in more pain than before and had to see one of the other doctors in the office to fix an infection. A nurse told me that Dr. Watt seems to have a lot of patients with infections. He is also a little spacey. No I don't recommend him at all.  		1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$5497
40	1	 My daughter had to have emergency surgery on her finger after she had a landscape block fall on it and an infection set in. We were worried that she would lose her finger if the infection got to the bone. I let the dr's staff know our daughter even though she's only 7 does better if she knows what's going on. Dr walker came in and explained to her what they were going to do and what might happen depending on what he found. He was very professional and did a great job informing my daughter and me as well. As for this surgical skills they are great her finger looks like a finger again. The dr also worked hard so we can save her nail which is very important to a 7yr old girl.  I would recommend Dr Walker to anyone with kids 	4	4	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	 I am a youger female who had no cartilage left in my knee.  If not for Dr. Walker I would still be walking with crutches. Thanks to him I have a new knee and am doing very well.  then went to him for shoulder repair.  Great Job!!!  Best ortho doc around.  Very pleasant and explains everything.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	-1	commentsHad my child to him ONCE. Asked for a referral to another Dr.  He was not helpful in answering questions and actually said &quot;let me be the doctor&quot;.  Would not answer our questions.  Arrogent.  Had us purchase an expensive bracing device ($2,300) that the next Dr. said was totally inappropriate to have purchased (1 month later).  Hopefully he is more courteous to others and has lightened up on his bedside manner.. 	4	4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	 Excellent doctor.  Very knowledgeable and great bedside manner.  I had had an MRI on Tuesday and surgery on Friday.  He expalined everything from what he was doing to follow up exercises, very thorough and knowledable.  I would highly recommend him to anyone.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
50	1	 dr. walker is one of the best doctors in southdakota sincerly michael hansen 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
50	1	 Nice Doctor but had spend several hours in her clinic with a sick toddler because she was always behind.  I once was told not to worry about a temperature with my child.  I know my child better than she did.  	4	2	3	4	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
51	1	commentsExtremely Competent 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	commentsAlways finds the cause of my health issues. Had not been to him in 20 years as we moved. Went back to visit had an urgent care visit and he was there. So please I was able to have proffectionl care once again. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	commentsLove her! Very patient and takes the time to talk to you. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	 been with him for years.   very cautious takes time with our children 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	commentsTruly treats you as a person and not just a patient. Extremely accommodating for special needs -- people and situations. Be on time because he will be on time. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	commentsGreat person, one of the nicest people I have met. Will go the extra mile and get you in if you are having problems ! Besides this, I think he is also a good dentist. No matter what my concerns have been about my dental issues he has never  judged me and is always genuinely concerned. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
86	-1	commentsThis doctor helps work comp insurance companies could careless about helping the injured worker. I strongly don't recommend this doctor. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
98	-1	commentsMD took  very limited  history  and  performs a very inadequate  physical  exam  tends to think surgery first   prone to making incorrect diagnosis leading to  improper reccommendations 	2	4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
98	-1	 we were told he was a good spinal doctor. He did the spinal surgery,but afterwards the results were not good. Still not good after 14 months.  	3	3	2	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	1	commentsDr. Byran Wellman is a fantastic neurosurgeon. I would highly recommend the Medtronic Metrx system for use of spine surgery. :) I recommended him to my daddy and he was very satisfied. :) 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	commentsVery nice and friendly surgeon. You don't have to wait very long and staff is very helpful. Also does not seem very &quot;knife happy&quot; and willing to try other options. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
98	-1	 He seems nice but dont know about his surgical skill though. After his surgery my right hand does not want to work well and is really clumsy. I hope I get better. He did seem very sorry.  		1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$7100
98	1	 He is a very nice, knowledgeable, and extremely helpful doctor who was able to make my neck and arm pain go away by doing surgery on the cervical disks and vertebrate. Too bad I didn't find him sooner.  Recommended highly!!! 		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
