dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
8	0	commentssays the same things every time and never really pays attention to my children. She actually recommended I stop breastfeeding bc my daughter is underweight but all my kids are.they were only 5 lbs when born! mini babies!! they are tall and skinny.I have such a hard time even understanding her bc of her accent. It's not a caring personalized experience at all! u wait forever to get in and once u do its wham bam thank you ma'am. She is very book smart but like I said everytime I go in she just repeats everything she said at the last visit! i'm on the hunt for a new pediatrician as we speak! Also I went to pick up my childs immunization records and they didnt have them on hand! I am origianlly from Pennsylvania and you can go to your ped and ask for their immunization records and make a copy for you right then and there! I couldnt register my child for school bc they don't keep accurate records. 	1	1	1	5	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	commentsExcellent doctor. In answer to the child with asthma, I would rather my doctor be caring enough to follow up my child's health as suppose to sign a prescription blindly. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	commentsShe is one of the best doctors I have ever met. Very smart, experienced and observant. Great advices could sound harsh, but it's only because she cares. Excellent with children. Highly recommended. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	 MY SON HAS HAD ASTHMA FOR THE PAST 6 YRS. I WAS SURE HE HAD A REFILL FOR HIS ADVAIR BUT I WAS MISTAKEN. I CALLED THE OFFICE FOR A REFILL TO BE CALLED IN AND THEY SAID THEY NEEDED TO SEE HIM. I SAID THAT'S FINE BUT I CAN'T MAKE IT TODAY. CAN I MAKE THE APPT FOR TOMORROW BUT GET THIS CALLED IN TODAY. THE DOCTOR SAID NO. I SAID YOUR NOT GOING TO GIVE ME MY SONS ASTHMA MEDICATION THEY SAID NO. I FOUND A NEW DOCTOR THAT DAY. NO REASON MY SON HAD TO BE WITHOUT SUCH AN IMPORTANT MEDICATION. NO REASON AN APPT SHOULD BE REQUIRED EVERYTIME HE NEEDS MEDS. AFTER 6 YRS NOT A WHOLE LOT HAS CHANGED. SHE JUST WANTS THE 75$, IF YA CAN BELIEVE THAT PRICE, FOR THE OFFICE VISIT.  		1	1	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
10	-1	commentsAbsolute worst experience I've ever had with a physician. When I called to have my medical records transfered I was called a liar when asked why I was switching doctors, refused the fax number, and hung up on. 	1	5	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	 Dr. Raheja is a great doctor. I went to him with my first pregnancy. Other people in my family also were seen by him and loved him. The only problem I had was after I had the baby and went for my 6 week check-ups he wasn't as helpful or willing to answer questions. It was kind of like he was awesome and excited to take care of pregnancy related issues but nothing after the fact. So great obgyn but not the best for just gyn issues.  	3	3	4	4	Insurance:Medicare
16	1	 GREAT Doctor takes his time and is VERY thorough. Could not ask for a better foot Doc. Highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
16	1	 I was in such severe pain with plantar's fasciitis that I could barely walk at times. Upon seeing Dr. Rainer and explaining my concerns and symptoms to him, he diagnosed and corrected my problem in two visits. He is such a kind, gentle, patient doctor who LISTENS and strongly desires to help resolve your pain. He goes to the root of the problem. I do not like needles at all, but his professional technique in giving injections is almost pain free - seriously!  I was so impressed with him, as well as his proficient courteous staff. I highly recommend this doctor - just can't say enough about the wonderful care I received.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
16	1	 I had been to 2 other doctors who had no idea what was wrong with me. Dr rainer took the time to listen to me and found my problem and got rid of my pain.  Very clean office too 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	commentsMy husband just had a hip-replacement with Dr. Ramsey at Conway Medical Center....Terrific surgeon, great staff, great hospital, very attentive, knowledgable....There are not enough words to express how grateful we were to the entire staff and to the expertise of Dr. Ramsey...   Thank you all!! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	commentsMy fiancee saw doctor Ramsey for a broken hand. We were referred by the local hospital and told that this doctor's office was one of the best in the area. We were VERY disappointed. The wait time in the lobby was long even though we showed up long before our appointment time. The doctor/assistant literally forgot we were in the office. When the medical assistant put the splint on he let us know it was his first time doing that kind of splint, even though it was a common fracture of the hand. (Not very good for the nerves!) The assistant then set the splint in a way even a perfectly good hand does not move. The doctor never checked the splint and my fiancee is now having problems because of the lack of care from this doctors office. For the amount of time we were there and the poor service we receieved they sure didn't mind charging us an outrageous amount. If they forget we are in the office, can we forget to pay the bill&#63;! 	2	1	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
20	-1	.   	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	-1	 Very rude to not only myself but the paramedics that brought me in.  	4	4	1	1	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:$100
26	1	 Rabon is the best dentist I've seen and I've had a few. I have trigeminal neuralgia and severl problems with my teeth, but he took great care of me and I couldn't ask for better. He even knows about my other health problems and has helped me in all areas of health.  LOVE HIM!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
27	0	 Dr Rames appears to be knowledgeable in the areas that he has experience.  He is quite territorial if you have questions or concerns about your symptoms.  He has a difficult bedside manner if you are proactive about your healthcare.  Healthcare should be a team approach including the patient not a challenge.  He appears knowledgeable in the areas where he has cultivated his canned approach.  	5	5	2	3	Insurance:Assurant
32	-1	 Dr. orders unnecessary amount of test and appointments for problems that can be easily explained. She does not take time to update herself on patient history and also does not realize you have to work your job in order to pay your bills. My experience, as a type one diabetic with her was horrible and the same thing for any of the dr. she referred me to, as they were after the money as well. Currently looking for a new endocrinologist.  	2	4	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	-1	commentsDo not go to this doctor. Spent 5 minutes with her (after waiting and hr) and she wanted to change medication that has been working for me for several years. Charged $200 (would have been $300 if I had insurance)to tell me she does not support T3. Shows her thyroid knowledge, greed of the practice, and listening skills/concern... Please don't waste your time. 	2	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	 I have not been satisfied with her bedside manner.  I have not been satisfied with her treatment either, for a goiter.  I read the other comments posted and I agree, she is condescending, rude and she does not come across as very knowledgeable.  She always makes a &quot;uh huh&quot; kind of sound when you ask a question or make a comment about your treatment, more like she really isn't listening.  Even her nurse has said to me that she should have done more than she has.   I would not recommend her to anyone.  	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	-1	 Very rude, uncaring, blunt, doesn't listen to patients but instead makes assumptions.  Orders unneccesary tests.  Don't waste your time.  She is mean and really unhelpful.  	2	2	1	1	Insurance:CIGNA
32	1	 HAVE SEEN DR. RAHMANI ON THREE OCASSIONS FOR THYROID NODULES. I HAVE FOUND HER TO BE VERY KIND, SUPPORTIVE AND KNOWLEDEABLE IN HER FIELD.SHE HAS TAKEN ALOT OF TIME WITH ME TO EXPLAIN THINGS AND LET ME KNOW WHAT MY OPTIONS ARE.I HAVE SEEN MANY DOCTORS FOR OTHER ILLNESSES AND I WISH I COULD HAVE HER FOR MY REGULAR DOCTOR.SOMETIMES WE ARE TOO CRITICAL OF PEOPLE FROM OTHER COUNTRIES .CAN YOU IMAGINE GOING TO ANOTHER COUNTRY, LEARNING THEIR LANGUAGE AND TRYING TO COMMUNICATE MEDICAL INFORMATION TO THEM&#63; I THINK THAT IF PATIENTS GIVE HER A CHANCE AND THEY WILL FIND A WONDERFUL KIND, KNOWLEDEABLE AND COMPASSIONATE WOMAN. I WOULD HAVE NO TROUBLE IN RECOMMENDING HER HIGHLY TO FAMILY AND FRIENDS.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	 If you are looking for warm and fuzzy, go somewhere else.  I am trusting her to be a great clinician but if you are looking for any kind of beside manner, do not expect to find it from her or her staff.  	3	3	3	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	-1	 I wish I had read those last comment prior to making my appt! She is SO ***condescending!*** It's her way or the highway. She says this is what we're going to do 'because that's the way we do it' with no further explanation of why. I have had a pituitary microadenoma for several years. I've lived in two states in the last 5 years with 2 different endocrinologists and they were both great. My tumor had been well managed by them. Now she wants to change my medication even though MRI shows the tumor is still there and is still 5mm in size. (mid-sized for a micro) She also wants to order extra tests that others (and studies on internet) have said were unecessary all even though I am stable with no syptoms as things are!!!!!!!  I'm sure she runs a tight office and this is why they are so efficient but I would rather wait an hour at another office than have her as my doctor.She has no 'bedside manner' and in fact is insulting and treats you like you're ignorant.  	5	5	2	2	Insurance:CIGNA
32	-1	 Condescending ****. Would rather have a vesectomy done by a urologist with twitchy hands than to trust her with my diabetes care. Tried to ask her about a 24/7 blood glucose monitor, she insisted it was a pump. I told her no, it was not, according to the company that makes it. Finally got her to look at the damn thing and all she could say was &quot;Well, your insurance wouldn't cover it anyway.&quot; She then went on to knock the insulin I was on because of how old it was, even though I have had better control of my diabetes with it than with any other insulins. Aftewards, she knocked the tester I was using (a relabeled Precision Ultra) and insisted I use one of theirs...... Stupid ****. I walked out without getting any labwork done.  	4	3	1	1	Insurance:GHI
32	1	 I am a new patient of Dr. Ramani's. My husband and I just moved to Greenville from Columbia. I cut my vacation short do to thyroid problems and Dr. Ramani saw me the next day after my return home, additionally she set up several appointments for me in a very timely manner. I appreciate her expedience in this matter. Every one in her office has been great too.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	 This guy is FANTASTIC! Both my 2 year old and my 6 month old LOVE him and so do I. Elizabeth is just as awesome and I would recommend them to anyone I know.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
38	1	commentsAWESOME. Could not be more helpful! MoSt informative and very helpful with a Sick child. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	 We love Dr. Rabon! He is and Elizabeth are very personable and take the time to talk with you about what is going on and what they suggest you should do. They listen and show they care rather than just telling you what to do with your children. They definitely care more about quality than quantity. Anytime I have had to call after hours my call had been returned within 15 minutes. I love the entire staff and so do my children.  You know you have found a good doctor's office when the kids want to go to the dr when they are barely even sick! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	 We are very happy with Dr Rabon.  My youngest daughter suffered with ear infections every other week for over a year, and a cough that would keep her up at night.Herer previous pediatrician kept treating her with antibiotics.  One trip to Dr Rabon, and she was diagnosed with acid reflux, which can cause her to have ear infections.  He started her on medication for the acid reflux and she has not had an ear infection since!  His interaction with the kids is great.  He really puts both of my kids at ease.  The staff is wonderful!! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	 Very nice dr and staff. runs late on occasion probably because he will take time with you if you ask.  	5	3	5	4	Insurance:United Healthcare
46	1	commentsI was new to the area and Dr. Raman and her staff at Irmo Smiles came highly recommended by my neighbor. Like many others I have a fear of dentists stemming from trauma as a child. I was promptly greeted upon arrival and was delighted to find that the staff in the back were equally as friendly. Dr. Raman quite obviously has created this warm environment as she made me feel like an old family friend (very different than other offices I have been in). I have been a patient of hers now for over 2 years and wouldn't dream of going elsewhere. I have myself now referred many others to her office and they too have had a wonderful experience. I never met Dr. Nelson, but rest asssured that he did his homewotk when finding the perfect replacement. My family and I LOVE Irmo Smiles! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
46	-1	commentsI don't have a problem with Dr. Raman personally; it's her staff. My family and I are no longer patients at this practice. Dr. Raman took over the practice from a very fine and wonderful dentist, Dr. Larry Nelson, when he retired last year. We were long standing patients of Dr. Nelson. His office was run smoothly, courteously and professionally. NOT the case now. In addition to being one of the highest priced dentists in Columbia, the office was unwilling to work with patients who can't afford to pay thousands of dollars up front for extensive dental work. When asked if the balance of payment could be made at the end of the month, the response was &quot;we're not supposed to do that&quot;. I understand that practice has now changed and they will accept monthly payments. However, since we have changed dentists and had to contact them for our films, in dealing with this particular receptionist, she was very rude to me and my new dentist's office in trying to obtain family dental records. 	1	3	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	 once you get to see him, (had an appointment at 9:30AM go in at 10:45AM)he is very nice and explains things well.  Office is very clean and nice also 	3	1	4	4	Insurance:HealthPartners
68	1	commentsWithout a doubt, the best physican office i have ever visited. Been a client for two years and enjoy the worryfree environment UMA provides. My family and I no longer dread doctor visits. A BIG FIVE STAR rating in my book. Don't hesitate to find yourself a new doctors office that really cares, you may just end up on Wells hwy in Seneca, SC. Happy Health and God Bless. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	 This doctor is extremely knowledgeable and very highly recommended. He has a great bedside manner and was excellent in every way. He treated our son for acute tonsilitis and did a tonsillectomy.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	 If not for Dr. Rao, my husband, who had laryngeal cancer in very advanced stages, would not be alive.  I can't sing his praises enough, and Oconee County is very lucky to have someone like him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	-1	commentsOnly cares about money, not people. Late to appointments, requires lots of money upfront. Did not work with my insurance to help get services covered. Wanted my credit card information to keep on file to charge me at that discretion. I refused and they said they would not see me if I didnt. . . shady. 	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
80	-1	commentsDoes not fully understand the patient and their needs. Is overbearing, pompous, and more concerned about money than he is about the patient needs. He treated me for pain management and way focused on the way I dressed and did my hair than my pain. Unprofessional! He attempted to intimidate me when I tried to leave his care. When he didn't succeed in intimidating me, he didn't want to work through our conflict. When I was ill and couldn't make my appointment, so I called to give 24 hours notice as is required, but then he called me and asked, &quot;how do you know you'll be sick tomorrow.&quot; I didn't know, but if I hadn't shown up or hadn't given 24 notice he would charge me over $100 for no-show or late cancellation (and did charge me in the past), so I had to call to cancel to prevent being charged. I had to drive a ways to get to the office and with my pain condition, I was worried I couldn't make it.  He's all about the money and didn't work with me as his patient at all. Be weary. 	4	4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	commentsNice and intelligent dentist, however very expensive. Office staff is fair but more concerned with making sure you are going to pay them for services. 	2	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
82	-1	commentsDr. Rana was a good Doctor. Until she suggested that she wanted to remove a uterine polyps that's she found during my SIS she did. Scheduled the surgery for 11/2/2012. Gave me medication to take for 15days to take so my period would come on b4 the procedure was done b/c she wanted everything to be cleaned out. Until I called to see what time I had to be at the hospital on 11/2/12. I was told they couldn't schedule me b/c they haven't heard anything from my provider. So I called my provider which is Medicaid and I was told that it was aproved for me to have the produre done. I then called back to let them know it was aproved, so them I was told ok once everything is verified they would call me back with the schedule time. When they called me back I was told that she wasn't going to do it b/c she forgot I was a Medicaid patient and they only took Medicaid if I was pregnant. Which I was but lost the baby @ 20wks. But even after my 2 wks follow up after my miscarriage. She saw me twice. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	commentsThe first time i went into the office, i didnt like Dr. Rana. She seemed rude. I went to the office again, and she said &quot;im not here to hurt you, im here to help you.&quot; She will be on your side through everything. And. . . of course you will have to wait a while. she is the only doctor, and someone could be in labor at anytime. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	 I LOVE DR. RANA SHE IS THE BEST MD IN TOWN. I CANT BELIEVE THAT THIS LAST PERSON WOULD PUT A HORRIBLE  COMMENT LIKE THAT ABOUT HER. HER BEING DIVORCED HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH HER PATIENT CARE. SHE DOES NOT ACT LIKE SHE IS ON DRUGS.I LOVE DR.RANA AND I WILL CONTINUE TO ALWAYS GO TO HER. THE ONLY PROBLEM I HAVE IS THAT I HAVE TO WAIT FOREVER IN THE WAITING AREA.  	3	2	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	-1	 Please don't visit this Doctor Rana's office,it was the worst experiance I've ever had in my life.She is very very rude,controlling,horrible listener,not pleasant,harrassed me the whole time.I had to wait 2 hours to be seen when the office was empty while her staff sat at their desks doing nothing.When she first talked to me she stated why did I come to her office in the first place wow,I was in a state of shock.I think she's on drugs because her behavior was abnormal and I see why she's been divorced.She never offered an apology and I'm warning all who will listen don't let the positive reviews fool you.Their are other doctors who will treat you with respect and sadly Doctor Rana isn't one of them.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	 She is the best doctor in town, she cares for her patient as she would for her family members. I love her and will recommend any one to go to her for best medical care.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$250
82	1	 What I love about Dr. Rana is that she is flexible and willing to work with you anytime.  She is by herself, so you know you are going to see only her.  If you call and say you need to come in right away, they will get you in that week, or even that day.  She also works with you if you have financial difficulty or ins. problems.  Some people do not like her because she asks about EVERYTHING from wearing your seatbelt to going to the dentist to your psychological health, but I want that kind of Dr. She even rx'd something for my husband's blood pressure even though he's not techinically a patient.  The only complaint I have is that one time her receptionist told me I did not have to do something that in fact, I did, so I ended up coming in for no reason, which was inconvenient, but this is no complaint against Dr. Rana herself.  If you want personalized care and someone who really looks out for you as a woman, you should go see Dr. Rana.  	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	 I highly recommend Dr. Rana. She is extremely knowledgeable in her field and more importantly has a very caring attitude with her patients. Her staff is very professional, friendly and organized.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	 I enjoyed being her patient, and have recommended her to some friends! They were always nice there and I felt I was being taken care of, that they knew what they were talking about. The only bad thing is that the wait time for an appt could be long sometimes causing me to be late for work or just plain tired.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
82	1	commentsI LOVE DR. RANA SHE IS AWESOME AND WOULD RECOMMEND HER TO ANYONE! 	5	2	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
84	-1	 Very late only visited twice, second was follow-up from Surgery only because he left (it was a Friday and guess he had plans) no information was given to waiting family.  Requested surgery notes from nurse  (only way I would have known the results and used words like maybe, possibility, could be considered&#63; I have been treated by a urologist for 20 years from different urologist (from another city) so I knew what I had just didn't know current status.  Was called a drug addict and told he saw crying drug addicts daily (not sure why as he is a urologist) so I terminated relationship, called office as front desk staff heard but not the office manager (was told nothing would be done so I will seek treatment elsewhere.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	 Awesome doctor! He takes time out as if you are the only patient. Tells you what needs to be done and how to go about doing it.  Waiting time is sort of long, but well worth it.  Excellent service! 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	commentsI just want to say Thank You to Dr. Rambo and his staff. I cannot begin to put into to words how I feel for what you did for me.  Sincerly, Todd Sanders 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
92	0	 We only saw Dr. Rambo once to know that he wasn't the doctor for my husband.  Dr. told him he would do fusion if he lost weight for his L4, L5 herniated discs. I simply asked how he was supposed to loose weight if he could not walk or at least stand for more than 5 minutes.  Dr. Rambo did not offer exercises that could be done and immediately ended appointment.  We only spent our copay of $40 and left feeling relieved that it wasn't more.  I can only imagine that the surgery would be for money only.  Still seeking a surgeon to relieve pain if anyone knows a great one.  Dr. Rabo's staff were great.  Only wish Dr. could have been.  	5	3	3	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	commentsI need back surgery and i need $2000 to have it been in bed for 3 months. Dr Rambo is being very kind to do it for that. But i can,t come up with the money. HELP 	4	3	4	3	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	 Dr. Rambo is the best. Back surgery is no game! My husband had spinal fusion of three vertabre and Dr. Rambo took his time to explain the procedure, explain all of the possible outcomes-good and bad, and answered our questions. His staff are equally wonderful in providing assistance like answering the questions we came up with after the doctor visit, providing quick response to the forms we needed completed and just generally having smiles whenever we were in the office. The wait after checking in at the front desk is great---the most we've had to wait was about 15 minutes.  Most times it's maybe 5 minutes! You couldn't ask for a better doctor to provide you with such good care and have a great bedside manner as Dr.  Rambo provided my husband---and our peace of mind! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	 Dr. Rambo was referred by another neurosurgeon that was relocating to another state.  I cannot praise Dr. Rambo enough for the care, compassion, and professionalism that he displayed.  Dr. Rambo performed an Anterior Lumbar Fusion on me September 2009.  Prior to this surgery, I was in severe and debilitating pain, I was on numerous medications that had little to no effect, that caused depression and lack of motivation.  I have made a complete recovery and am living without pain and am on no medication after 4 months of recovery.  It is impossible to indicate on this rating, how thankful I am to Dr. Rambo as he has given me my life back.  His surgical skill and thoroughness is a necessity for anyone that is considering a major surgery on their back.  Dr. Rambo's staff is professional, prompt with all requests and very friendly to boot.  Once I made the decision to move forward with surgery, many of our friends and family starting providing us with success stories performed by Dr. Rambo.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
92	1	commentsDr Rambo and his staff are outstanding. My initial appointment wes given to me in a timely basis and my surgery was done in a matter of days. My surgery was successful and I am now relatively pain free just a week after surgery. Dr Rambo is a true professional and I will be forever grateful to him. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	 Dr. Rambo is the most compassionate physician I've ever met.  He was a tremendous source of support and knowledge during my father's fight with cancer.  I would recommend Dr. Rambo to anyone that wants to be treated with honesty and intergrity.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	-1	commentsDr. Rambo contradicted recommendations I had received from my physical therapist &amp; MD which lead my to seek a second opinion. He told me I would be OK in time &amp; did not suggest any treatment other than time, I asked him how long I could expect it to take to heal his response was &quot;I don''t have a crystal ball&quot;. I did not think my question was unreasonable but he was rude &amp; dismissive. The second Dr. wants an MRI &amp; told me we would establish a treatment plan, he was concerned about all the drugs I have to take just to get through the day. He was not as soft spoken but I''m going to get treatment &amp; off this diet of pills. In Dr. Rambo''s report he wrote down a job that is no where near what I do as a profession &amp; had me taking medications I have not taken in months I just did not feel heard by Dr. Rambo or respected, I have to wounder if since he didn''t see me as a candidate for surgery I wasn''t of worthy financial benefit or maybe he is just a bad Doctor&#63; 	4	4	2	1	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	commentshe made my mother wait so long for her surgery she has permanent nerve damage and is in constant pain on a daily basis. she lost her job and her car was repossessed because she was unable to work and is now going through the long and difficult battle of getting disability. by the time she found a doctor to do the surgery, he said her spine was just about to snap in half, was hanging by a thread, and she could have become paralyzed at any minute. if you need surgery and you need it done now, look elsewhere. this guy seems to have enough business already. he doesn't have time to operate on just anybody. 		1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	 He did my neck surgery about 3 months ago. I think he's really nice.  		2	3	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	commentsExcellent Neurosurgeon 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	commentsDid my back surgery..got in an accident 10 months later then wouldnt see me for the new damage..I thought doctors were supposed to help and fix their patients..I got the &quot;doesn't see people who have been involved in motor vehicle accidents&quot; he made me wait 3 years for surgery - I still have nerve pain - nerve damage in fact from waiting so long - now I have 6 herniated discs and he wont help - what a jerk! I really liked him before, and after he did my sugery and was getting better, but I am sorry you dont treat your patients like that. What happened to the hypocratic oath is it now the hypocritical oath&#63; 		3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	 Wonderful Doctor. makes time to explain things to you. His nurse is also wonderful.  Best doctor my kids have ever had 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
