dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	.  really interested in your wellbeing, I've never felt so better after surgery 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:BC Med
4	1	commentsExcellent diagnostician 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	commentsGreat,,attentive, thorough and really listens. Has great experience as ER Doc ...has seen it all. Does not try to have all the answers...will send you elsewhere if needed. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	commentsBest Doctor I have seen in Charleston. Great service and friendly atmosphere. Little or no wait at the office, and addressed all of my concerns in a timely fashion. Would reccomend highly to others. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	commentsI was horrified at my second appointment to arrive to find that this allergist had brought two dogs to work with her. They were allowed to run around the facility. As someone who has severe pet dander allergies (too much exposure can restrict my ability to breathe and breathing is very important to living), this posed a serious health threat to me. When I expressed my concern and alarm at the situation, neither the doctor or the staff apologized or indicated that they found anything wrong with the situation. There were signs posted all over warning of the dangers of wearing perfume to an allergists office b/c of patient reactions. um. But you can bring your dogs to work because it's inconvenient to find an alternate solution&#63;! Any credible allergist never would have allowed such a contaminant into what should be a safe space.     I feel I have to clarify, that I have nothing against pet owners, dogs, cats, etc. BUT, knowingly putting your patients in danger is beyond irresponsible. 	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	 Dr. Magera is one of the best doctors in the lowcountry.  My husband and I have been patients of hers for years, and now we have two young children who we also take to see her when sick.  Your appointment with her may take awhile, but she is very thorough and gives personal attention and time.  If you call her answering service after hours due to sickness, she will call you back personally.  She is highly knowledgeable, caring, professional, and genuinely interested in the health of her patients.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND HER.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	-1	commentsI had numerous terrible experiences with Dr magera and would advise anyone looking for an asthma and allergist to look elsewhere. My first bad experience was when they booked me an appointment at the wrong location, when I showed up the doctor was not even in office. It was the staff's fault. Since then I have numerous rude experiences where the practice is only concerned about making money and not helping patients. I was lied to on numerous occasions about actions taken on their part and yelled at, spoken down to and disrespected. I can't believe I tried to come back (close to my home, wanted it to work out) save yourself the trouble and find a doctor who will actually care about and want to help you be healthy and happy. It is not this practice. Be warned... This is a disrespectful office only concerened with profit. Not people. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	 Very nice staff and Doctor. The Wait time was longer than I expected, but I was happy that Dr. Magera took as much time with me as I needed. She doesn't rush and you may have to wait but she spends as much time with you as you need.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
14	1	commentsPositive experience in her office. Interested in the patient and family and costs of medical care. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	 Dr. Magura has been my urologist for the past 20 years. I have found him to be extremely knowledgable, very thorough in his exminations and he just happens to be head of Urology in York County. If you are seeking the best in Urology, you can't do better than Dr. Magura. He probably saved my life by diagnosing my prostate cancer at it's infancy stage.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Humana
18	-1	.   	5	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	commentsHad a pancreatic attach and went to Emergency one year ago and received excllent care before and after surgery 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	commentsbest doctor I have ever had!! He truly cares about his patients. He has a great sense of humor- which makes the visit easy and comfortable.  Highly recommend him!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	commentsGreat doctor and great staff.  Would definitely recommend him to others. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	commentsGreat doctor!  Best PCP I've had!  Takes great care of me and my family. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
47	-1	commentsMy first visit was ok however my 2nd was spent just telling me I needed to loose weight, which I not only acknowledged but told him I had already lost 25 lbs, however instead of giving me tests results I was subjected to a lecture on weight. Will not be returning since I seem to be such a waste of his time 	3	3	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
47	-1	commentsVery rude and hateful to his staff and not very caring about patient 	1	1	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	commentsAs a patient I find Dr. Tron to be a genuine and personable individual.  A very pleasant and caring man who makes a great intuitive doctor.  He and his specialized clinic offers the personalized education and hands on care to his patients in the journey to totally achieving and maintaining whole wellness and is a great health care asset and blessing to our community of Summerville and the great Palmetto state of South Carolina. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	commentsDr Madden assisited my Grandmother in her battle against BREAST CANCER and did so with much compassion.  His nurse Cindy does such an awesome job and is compassionate about her work and it shows.  They both were so good to my Grandmother and passionate about her care until the day she passed away.  I am a sincere believer that there heart is certainly in their chosen occupation and will be forever greatful for their job well done. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	 always willing to listen.  will research a condition or problem to find answers.  makes you feel human not a number.  	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	-1	commentsDoctors take an oath but soon after forgets this oath.  Why become a physician if there is no paasion to help others&#63;&#63;  Too many people nowadays seeks careers for financial purpose.  This why I feel no caps should have been placed on malpractice. In my opinion doctors should be sued because of their neglience.  In most cases this is not about the money.  It is simplt to make sure this does not happen to another human being while getting the attention of that doctor. No one is above anything in life and can be brought down to nothing.  My suggestion to Dr. Madden rethink your career.  you should not be bias to patients regardless of gender nor race.  I am very upset with the way he misdiagnosed a family member and will do every thing possible to seek justice. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	 I am starting to trust Dr. Madden. I've been seeing him since December 2006. I had breast cancer with bone progression. He has acted very agressively in my case. I wouldn't give you twenty five cents for his assistant Paula. She has caused untold anixiety .  	3	2	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	commentsDr. Madden shows me he cares. I feel he is thorough in reviewing and considering my case. 		4	5	4	Insurance:Unknown
62	-1	commentsDoes not seem to care. 		3	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	.  she is a very good doctor!!!! I just love her she was very helpful!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
80	-1	 I have never written a negative review before but I need to after my experience here. I arrived ten minutes early &amp; the receptionist was unpleasant, everyone in the lobby who arrived after me were called before me and I was last left in the lobby. I got in 40 minutes after my scheduled appt. Nurse awful, inpatient.   I wanted complete yearly check-up. Had to explain FOUR times what that was! She argued with me telling me everything they wouldn't be doing for me that day (including a pap). Finally she got it set up but was angry/mad/rude. She left the room and I got my coat and almost left but was worried about my insurance &amp; would not cover anywhere else;felt forced to stay. I was humiliated and upset.  Dr. Mahood was nice but no customer service/care for my wellbeing.She came in and went right to my breasts - didn't even sit down and talk with me about my concerns.  All together my experience was awful. They didn't care about my wellbeing, 0 customer care, and don right appalling.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	-1	 Tried to gie her nurse constructive comments abour how she does not reicieve her patence just like a #  Never looks at you all she does is type on her compuyer and can not even take 1 sec to even look at you when she is talking to you so I tried to let her know bwcause the time before that it was the same but I THOUGHT SHE WAS HAVING A BAD DAY  Even my caregiver who was in the room with me the time before said the same when we left her office  Since the doctor took her side she banned me from her practice and I TOTALLY THINK THAT WAS/IS DISREGARD FOR A PERSON IN GENERAL  I REALIZE THEY CAN GET OTHER PERSONS TO TAKE MY PLACE AND I AM SORRY IDF THEY HAVE DOCTOR Mahood watch out for her nurse otherwise DR MAHOOD IS A VERY GOOD D.O I hate to have to get KICKED OUT of a good D.O.  because there employee treats people like crap and nothing will be done about her nurse so BEWARE!!  Maybe I got her attention and now she will be kinder!!!! 	1	1	1	3	Insurance:Medicare
80	-1	 I filled out many forms and answered many questions, then after waiting for an hour and a half in waiting room, had to sit in exam room with nurse while she read each question and answer on the forms and put them in the computer. this took half an hour. then i met the dr. who I felt was rather rude to me.  	3	1	1	2	Insurance:Medicare
80	0	 She needs to concentrate more on her patients then the computer she carries around.I like her office staff much more then her. They will answer my questions in a manner that is understandable to the average person. I do find that she schedules excessive tests.  	5	3	3	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	-1	commentsMake sure you get a script for a full year because the nurse is NASTY and you will need an appointment to get more meds. Also--be ready to be told you need wrinkle cream no matter how old you are--this practice must get a kickback. And if you're overweight--go to the gym first. Paid/Co-pay:$15	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
80	-1	 This doctor wants to bleed the system. She had her receptionist call me to tell me I had an abnormality and wanted to schedule me with a surgeon. She did not bother to tell me what the abnormality is. When I asked that the doctor call me they wanted me to make an appt. so she could bill my insurance. She makes you sit in the lobby for usually about 15 min. after your scheduled appt. then in the exam rm. for another 15. Comes in for 2-3 min. She pushes a prescription at you and leaves. My first appt I spent more time w/her assistant than her. Stay far away from this one, unless you have deep pockets or like taking pills.  she has no time for you.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	 Dr. Mages is a great doctor.  He has been taking care of my son since his birth 3 years ago.  He is very caring, kind, and friendly.  The office staff is great too, and they are always on time.  I have nothing but great things to say about Eastside Pediatrics in general and Dr. Mages in particular.   He is great! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	 Dr.Mages is a WONDERFUL doctor! He and his nurse remember the kids and take the time to ask about the ones who aren't with me. They ALWAYS call back in a timely manner to answer any questions that I may have, and never make me feel stupid. When our baby was in NICU, we got updates from A DOCTOR daily! I recommend him and Eastside pedatrics to anyone looking for a pediatrician in the Greenville area.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
98	1	 Professional, gives proper time to patient, good listener, knowledgable.  	4	5	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	1	commentsDr Machimada is thorough in explaining conditions &amp; answering any related questions. Her manner is professional but friendly. After 2 yrs of suffering, I was referred by my primary physician, Dr Machimada made an accurate diagnosis &amp; an effective treatment regimen prescribed. Paid/Co-pay:$300	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
98	-1	commentsI wouldn't take my dog here. Incompetent rude and ignorant staff. A waste of time. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
98	0	 I found her to be very knowledgable and through in her question asking when I went in for an initial visit. However I did not agree with her diagnosis of me so I was not planning on returning. When I called to get the results of my bloodwork and cancel my follow up appt. though her nurse encouraged me to come back to discuss my test results since they were abnormal. She was upset with me for not taking a prescription strength pain reliever that she had prescribed the first time. I told her I did not fill it b/c I wasnt having ongoing pain, just flare ups here and there. She then became extremely defensive, unprofessional and downright rude and hateful. She accussed me of wasting her time if I was not going to follow her &quot;instuctions exactly&quot;.  She even went as far as to say that I was wasting her &quot;15&quot; minutes! I will never go back to her again and would never recommend her to anyone! I have never been treated so poorly by a &quot;professional&quot; physician in my lifetime! 	2	4	2	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	0	 I have been seeing Dr. M for about a year. Her nurse is not pleasant and comes across cold. It has taken almost a year to get her to help me with my pain control and it still isn't under control like it should be. Her Office was closed to move to a new location and the Office did not have anyone (Doctor) on call. Due to this I had to call my MD Doctor and was given a prescription for another medicine. I went back to Dr.M to follow up and was given a &quot;pee&quot; test. The test came back were I had taken the other medicine. Due to this Dr. M let me go from her care. She did this without asking questions or following up to why I had this medicine in my system. I find this a lack of communication on her part and her staff. I had already been looking for another Doctor and shall be seeing the new Doctor within the next few weeks. I guess this was a blessing in disguise. If you see Dr.M plan on it taking forever to get to the root of your problem, as she does the same test I had already taken.  	3	4	3	2	Insurance:Medicare
98	1	commentsShe is a  wonderful, knd, caring and very knowledgeable doctor. She has helped me so much with my pain level. I feel comfortable with her and I know and trust that she will do all she can to help me.  The staff is great, always with a smile and willing to help in any way.I have never had to wait any longer than 5 to 10 minutes. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	 The best &quot;specialist&quot; I've ever seen/had. Is willing to assist in a patients needs at great lengths.  Great bedside manner.  I never have to wait more than 5 minutes to see her.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
