dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Excellent experience overall. The whole staff was very friendly and accommodating. Crystal my hygienist was super and took a lot of time to talk with me about my oral health.  I can't wait to come back! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	I went to Rice Creek Family Dentistry earlier this week with my two sons for routine cleanings and checkups. We had what was by far the best dental visits we've ever experienced. The service was very good and Dr. Schweiger spent more time with us than any other dentist we've had. We had to wait about 10 minutes for our appointment to begin but the staff was apologetic for it. We have Tricare insurance and didn't have to pay anything out of pocket. All in all, I was very pleased and look forward to going back.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
1	0	I Was a patient here for 6 months and they stopped accepting my insurance company and did not tell me. Then billed me for what TRICARE would have covered.  They always made me wait more than 20 minutes and even asked me if I would want to reschedule after taking off work&#63;!&#63;! 	2	1	2	3 	Insurance:Tricare
2	1	My dad saw Dr. Sandoz and I am a nurse, therefore I have medial knowledge.  He is a very good doctor, I would highly reccommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
2	1	Straight up honest. He is not the Dr. if you don't want to here the truth. He is both my Neurologist and Opthomalogist. He is Board Certified in both. I am at a point that I have reached max improvement. Surgeons say not to have the surgery until I can't stand it. I had a blood clot from an unknown source. Although not my primary Dr. he did keep up with my condition. He did a complete exam on my first visit.  Has been professional since my first visit in 2006 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
2	-1	.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
2	1	I have been going to Dr. Sandoz for over 3 years , he is brutally honest which to me is just fine. I like his candor and would not even thank about going elsewhere.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
2	-1	Very bad. Was extremely rude I was in tears not once but twice. I had brain surgery was told to go to one of the doctors in the office for the eye pain I was still having. I got in with him since he had many openings quick. He was nice the first few visits but after that he was rude and cruel. I now have to go back to a neuro and have to wait to see one of the others. He almost sent me for an MRI which would kill me if I had one. He should know this. I was told by the surgeon never to have one done. Maybe he felt stupid by me pointing this out but it could have ended very badly if i hadn't. For simple things he can handle, I would recommend - for more advanced NEVER!!! Also was told by others he cares more for people with $$$ Even by his own staff...  	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
2	-1	Worst experience at a doctors office I have ever had.  Very rude and disrespectful 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	I can honestly say he's the best thing that happened to me. He listened, we talked and came up with the right solution for me. I can't say enough good things about him. I wouldn't pay any attention to a couple of these post. Dr. Sandoz has helped me greatly and I have talked to others that have seen him and they all agree with me.  A1 in my book! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
2	1	Always takes the time to listen. Instructs me on concerns that he wants me to bring to the attention of my regular GP. Took my migraines seriously. Ordered appropriate tests. Migraines have been under control since I began seeing him for that problem. He also has a great sense of humor, which helps when you're worried about what's causing your migraines.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	I think he is very thorough. there is a comment that he is an eye doctor posing as a neuro-- I do not where that info came from but check his credentials on the office wall. (just for info--I know a Psychiatrist who is also a part time lawyer) so I think a doctor can major in two fields.  Anyway he helped me out- within a two week period on a medication all symptoms of mine went away.  Further tests were done just to rule out anything nerological--I do not think an opthamologist can order those tests.  And he does not rush you no interupts when you are speaking 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
2	1	Ordered MRI when first Doctor did not, MRI showed damage had been done to the brain. Good Doctor, who takes time to listen and find what is wrong. Currently helping me get things in order by sending me to a neurotherapist and I am going for EEG tomorrow. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	He HAS BEEN THE ONLY DOCTOR TO TAKE THE TIME AND EFFORT TO HELP WITH MY MIGRAINES. HE ALWAYS LISTENS TO WHAT I HAVE TO SAY, IN FACT THE FIRST THING HE SAYS IS TELL ME WHATS GOING ON WITH YOU.HAS EVEN HELPED WITH ANY OTHER PROBLEMS I MAY HAVE. A + ALL AROUND. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	Botox Clinic..HE is not a neurologist, he is an eye doctor posing as a neurologist. They prescribe unnecessary meds after doing test after test. He is a bad listener, communicator, and his office does not follow up in assisting patients with important aspects such as calling Short term disability offices with diagnosis, etc. Went to him for headaches, and he was more concerned with my carpel tunnel syndrome.  		4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	-1	More concerned with prescribing drugs than listening to my concerns. 	4	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	By far the best doctor I have ever been to. The staff is great and I would recommend him to everyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	I had been to 6 different doctors before Workmans Comp sent me to Dr. Shariff, had they just sent me there first, I would have been to work much faster. I feel great and I owe it all to him. I am pain free and don't have to take any pain meds anymore. Thank you.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
4	1	I learned a lot about my condition and got better as well. Thanks Dr.  Shariff 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Wonderful bedside manner.  Outstanding ability to communicate what is going on and how to best handle it. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Very pleased with my care.  I believe Dr. Saylors is a very genuine and caring person.  Would recommend to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Very good understanding and explanation about what I am going through.  Genuinely cares.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	She is an Awesome Doctor. I have had many problems and she has known how to fix all of them through my pregnancy. I feel a connection with her and safe with her as well. I recommend her to anyone. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	0	Very straightforward and blunt.  Not very friendly. I do have to say, though, that she spent a lot of time with me answering my questions (even if in a curt manner) and did not rush me at all.  	4	3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	-1	This doctor seemed anxious to hand prescriptions for antibiotics and I almost always had to go get a 2nd opinion just to find out what was really wrong.  Four other family members opted to go see him and they all left him before I did.  He commonly misdiagnosed my ailments and his manner was quite uncaring.   I would never recommend him again and abosolutly never go back! 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
8	1	Went to Dr. Shealy because of osteo arthritic pain in my left hand (over one year ago).  Surgery was successful.  I never felt any pain after surgery. No rehabilitative action was needed and I have been pain free since then.  I would highly recommend this great surgeon.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
8	1	I really love this guy for hand problems.  He did both my carpal tunnel surgeries as well as those of my now deceased parents.   Hope he NEVER retires 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
9	1	Very knowledgeable in his field, Dr. Schecker takes the time to thoroughly examine and tests his patients. My husband and I both see him. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Awesome!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	Never, ever, ever let him cut you. His &quot;repair&quot; of my rotator cuff left me with a frozen shoulder. He refused to believe it was frozen so I had to go to another surgeon who ordered an arthrogram which showed it was frozen. SOLID. It took many more months of PT but I still have pain, and this was years ago. 	5	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	He is a very kind and caring doctor. He takes the time that is necessary and he listens to you. He is very thorough and makes no guesses, he wants to know what the problem is and does the tests that are needed. He treats you as a person not a number or dollar sign. And the staff are very nice and polite, never been rude , even when I was in pain and not on my best behavior(I'm sorry to say} but will work with you and for you. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	NICE, POLITE, AND UNDERSTANDING 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	I live in Colorado,  I found him via a friend.  Dr. Scionti gave me prostate cancer treatment.  He is the best, most caring, answered all my emails right away, most professional, I cannot say enough about him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	0	She is a know it all. I can tell she does not care about my child because she does not greet my my child. 	2	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	. very good have been seeing him 9 years, he treated me in hospital 4 times in 04 thru 07 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
13	1	Very compassionate and understanding. Saw my mother on an emergency basis with stage four cancer. Found his skills to be thorough and professional.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Medicare
13	-1	poor people skills. Takes forever to get results back. 2-3 weeks. 		1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	I had a bad infection and I am allergic to many antibiotics. she gave me one and i had a reaction to and didn't seem concerned that my airway was affected. gave me another antibiotic and it cause me to go into the er. had to be put on breathing maching epi shot steroid shot and benadryl shot. almost lost me.contracted a rare disorder form one of the antibioits (Bactrim) SJS.She didn't even pay attention to my symptoms and brushed it aside that it was nothing but a cancer sore. She has no knoledge of medications or their deadly side effects.  	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
14	1	She is my family doctor. She takes care of me ad my daughter and we love her. She relates well. You can tell she really cares. Even though they are busy at the doctors office she still takes the time with everyone. She talkes about options for vaccinations and medications. She also answers questions if you call and talk to her nurse.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
15	1	Dr. Satterfield has been my dentist for over 20 years and my husbands dentist for 10 years.  The hygenists are thorough and Dr. Satterfield is wonderful.  My husband has had many emergencies and is ALWAYS taken care of immediately.  We know Satterfield well enough to know he would not let anyone suffer.  It sounds to me like the lady that had the issues is not telling the whole story.  Sometimes a visit to the oral surgeon is necessary, that and actually brushing and flossing might help too! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	I love my dentist and his son...they are wonderful and like family.. have been going to them since 1981 and they always take good care of me...I do not trust anyone else for my teeth...they know me and my family very well and always are willing to help.  Love them very much.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
15	1	I have been going to dr satterfield for as long as i can remeber and they have been great there. Great service, friendly staff, clean office, and i always get my questions answered! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	This Dentist and I have parted ways after numerous attempts to save my teeth. I have a complete box full of impressions, a partial plate that does not fit properly, countless xrays, he was responsible for replacing caps that lasted nearly thirty + years with new ones that lasted less than a year, claiming no responsibility. I am without ANY teeth in the process and though he has received all of his payment in full, he finally admitted that he cannot do anything further for me. In the process, I have had numerous infections, of which the only relief offered was antibiotics which were slow-acting with pain killers. After days of suffering with pain, I was referred to another dentist to help with relieving the pain and actually diagnosing the problem. Quick to bill, less likely to fix and repair. 		2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Dr. Scibeck cares about his patients and takes time with each one. He is conservative in his approach to surgery and takes the natural, least invasive approach first. He is knowledgeable and professional. I highly recommend him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	I used her mostly for my last pregnancy. She was very nice and listened. I never felt rushed but I knew she was busy. I like her.  	3	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	-1	H and his staff did not do right by me or my daughter.  Saw him once  2/11/10.  Said he would do a bone graph and tooth implant for my 17 year old daughter.  The staff said they would look into the insurance side of it. Took them over a month to contact me, it was me calling them.  Insurance denied claim. My insurance company told me to ask them to set up a peer to peer to over ride the decision.  Never heard back from them.  Finally I basically had to beg them to do so. out the response. NEVER ever got phone calls from them, I always had to call.  Again it was denied, but at least this time I was told insurance would pay for anestheisa.  I set up an appointment for the procedure.  At that time was told he is there only once a month...I should have been told that at the beginning.  More happened. Long story short, 5 days before procedure they called said I needed to find another oral surgeon b/c there might be problems and he is only there once a month. Not enough room to write rest.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
19	1	Thorough, competent, compastionate 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	-1	As a child he was my doctor. I had a highly abusive mother and an alcoholic father. He never listened to me and mostly lectured and gave me insultingly simple books written about Robin Williams being bipolar. He ignored me and over medicated me to the point that I was shaking and vomiting. On top of that he had me committed on 3 occasions for simple disagreements with my mom. I feel he left me pretty scarred.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	He has helped me out tremendously.  If it weren't for him, I would not be getting the help I need. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	-1	He does not listen. He talks / lectures. He likes to give pills. I regret every seeking his services. 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
20	0	I believe that Dr. Schnackenburg believes that giving a patient 10 prescriptions and repeated ECT treatments with no follow-up tests is extremely helpful. I believe he thought he was saving my life. Without safe guards in place his practices in regards to follow-up after ECT are dangerous. 		2	4	1 	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	Extremely poor office management.  My child had been referred there.  I Kept calling to see if they had received the referral from the Dr. office.  Dr. Salas's office kept saying they did not have the referral.  To make a very long story short- after the course of over a month- it was found out by the ER Doctor at the local hospital that they have had the referral for over 3 weeks.  If Dr. Salas couldn't have seen my child (Even though her website says she is accepting new patients) they should have been honest- rather than say they hadn't received the referral which was a proven lie.  I recommend anyone to go there!!!!!!!!! Care is way below standard.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
22	1	Very good bedside manner.  Interested, concerned, and really seems to care about his patients.  He is the third ortho doc I've seen for my problem, and the first one who's really helping.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	Excellent Doctor....I have had both hips totally replaced with no problems!! Dr Sanchez is very up to date with the latest technology... excellent bedside manner and very interested and caring about his patients!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Dr. Sauer is the most compassionate doctor I've ever been to. I highly recommend him to anyone who has severe pain.  His nurse, Becky, is always very professional and sweet---just like he is! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Dr Sauer has helped me get my life back! My back pain was limiting my ability to walk, I couldn't do much activities with my grandchildren before. I am so greatful and would deffinately recommend this doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
23	-1	this dr. is horrible do not see him he is unorganized doesnt read his history on patients, he will hurt you and he doesnt know what to say. his office is like a factory you get your 15-20 minutes then next. do not go to him, i am sorry i did. he gave me 3 shots in the back, and i feel worse now much worse than when i went to see him.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Dr. Sauer has been able to help me with my back pain, where nobody else could. He is very kind and always ontime. I have recommended him to my friends.  	 2/10/11	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
23	0	Dr. Scott Sauer punctured my lung when he gave me an injection and never even said he was sorry. I let him give me the same treatment a second time because I believe every one needs a second chance.(He looked like a great Doctor to me and I have allot of respect for doctors) Dr Sauer injected me again and I had a headache that wouldnt go away and no medication would take it away. So I never got any relieve from my previous aches and he just added to my pain.(I understand just an accident!) Maybe if he had some manners he would have at least called to see if I was ok he also started avoiding me at the office. I would never try a law suite against any Doctors like most people do. But I think Doctors are also just human and Dr. Sauer can get of his PEDISTAL. (and be a man) 	4	5	4	1 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	I like Dr. Sauer and I especially like that when I have an appointment I don't have to wait forever in the waiting room before being seen.  However, when you need an appointment it usually takes several days or longer to get an appointment and several days can seem like an eternity when your in pain.  I started with bad pain over the weekend and when I called on Monday morning to make an appointment I couldnt get in until the end of the week.  I wish getting an appointment to see him could be quicker.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	I went to see Dr. Sauer for severe leg pain. He took a long time to listen to me and explained what was causing my pain in plain english. He ordered an MRI which did show I had a large disc hernitaion. He explained to me that I may need surgery but we would try some injections first. After 3 epidural injections, my pain was gone completely. I will not hesitate to call him if it comes back and I have told several of my friends and coworkers to go see him for their pain problems.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
23	1	Dr Sauer is very punctial and will usually see you at your scheduled time. I have been pleased with not haveing to spend half the day at the doctors office when I see him. I had severe back pain running down my leg, after a few injections, my pain was much better. I can now do more of the things I love to do with less pain. I will always be graitful to Dr. Sauer. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	Charged $40 for being 10 min late. This is abusive.  	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Medicare
23	1	I WAS REF TO DR.SAUER BY GRAND STRAND ORTH A REPUTABLE GROUP IN MBSC. I HAD FELL IN JULY OF 1998 10YRS AGO.AT OUR FIRST MEETING I FOUND HIM VERY PROFESSIONAL, SINCERELY ATTENTIVE.THE STAFF WERE THE SAME WAY. MY LAST INJECTION WAS RADIO- FREQUENCY LEISIONING, L5-S1 FACET JOINT BILA- TERAL TO HOPEFULLY HAVE LONGER LASTING RELIEF THAN MEDIAL BRANCH BLOCKS. IT HELPED. HE DID EXPLAIN THAT I MAY IN 6MONTHS TO A YEAR, IT WAS HARD TO TELL HAVE TO REPEAT THE PROCEDURE. I ALSO CONTINED MY MEDS AND THEY MONITORED THOSE WITH THE UPMOST CARE ACCOUNTING FOR ALL MEDICATION. I HAD TO MOVE IN 2002, IF NOT I WOULD NOT BE IN THE SHAPE I'M IN TODAY. I HAVE BEEN IN PAIN FOR 10 YEARS NOW AND MISSED A LIFE AND FUN I WISH THAT I COULD HAVE WITH MY FAMILY. MANY DOCTORS DO NOT UNDERSTAND BACK PAIN AND IT IS REALLY A SHAME. THEY DO NOT TAKE THE TIME LIKE DR. SAUER DID TO FIND THE PAIN AND TREAT IT ALONG WITH TREATING US WITH RESPECT. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	I THINK HE HAS HELPED MY MOM WITH HER PAIN IN HER BACK SO MUCH THANK YOU DR. SAUER 	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	I used to think Dr. Serbin was a good doctor but I caught him cheating at something important. Changed the way I feel about him. 		2	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Great surgeon and bed-side manners…..highly recommend 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	. I Have been to Dr Sagatelian several times in the past for abd pain and he was very helpful-staff was also 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	-1	 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	I had great difficulty setting a first appointment in Vernon CT. Placed on hold many times. Rude staff on phone. Waited six weeks. They were even worse in person. I arrived on time with all my paperwork. They kept me sitting there for over half an hour. It became clear that this practice does things how and when they please with no regard for the time of others. I couldn't justify wasting any more of my time to meet the doctor, unfortunately, but have to rate him a 1 for helpfulness and knowledge because either he has no idea how bad his front office is or he does not care.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	-1	 	5	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Takes time with patients and truly cares about her patients. Absolutely love Dr.  Saad! She is by far the best in Spartanburg! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	Very knowledgable and helpful working with neurological problems. 	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Dr.Saad is the most wonderful Dr.I have had in South.Carolina she is smart with a photographic memerory.She has saved my life more than once. I would tell anyone needing a neuroligist that she is thew best in this area. She is very sweet and kind has a wonderful bedside manner.  P Lytle 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	I LOVE Dr. Shealy and would follow her ANYWHERE! We followed her out to Chapin when she left the large practice where she had worked. She has always listened to my concerns and respected my opinions as a parent. My children have had many medical problems and she has always been knowledgeable and helpful, referring us to specialists when necessary. She always asks about my other child when I'm there with only one of them. I just can't imagine how anyone would have anything bad to say about her. I can only imagine they must be confusing her with someone else.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	If this is the same Dr Shealy that we use I do not think you could find a better pediatrician. We have used the on-call system it was 2am and we received a call back with in 15 min. We were also seen the next day. The longest wait we have ever had has been about 10 to 15 min. Dr Shealy knows her job and both Dr Shealy and her RN were with out a doubt outstanding with us as parents and with our child. I would not recommend anyone else and I will be transferring my child to where Dr Shealy is now practicing. It boggles my mind how someone would give her a bad recommendation unless they feel they know more than the doctor with their limited education.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	0	We went to this doctor after just moving to the area. Our daughter was very sick and after be blown off by other doctors because Sheily wasn't in tat day. She made room for the next day when we called even though she was already tripple booked. Found out the problem which was life threatening. I think she's a good doctor. THe office she works in sucks, the nurses are worthles and its impossible to get ahold of them and they never call you back. She also just told us what our child had, but didnt tell us the seriousness of it or anything. We had to find that out on our own. Be prepared to ask this doctor questions about the diagnoses. She doesn't freely tell you the seriousness of it or any like that. Signs or symptoms to watch out for. We are going to look for another. 	2	2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	This is the worst pediatrican you can find in US. She is not only unprofessional, unknowledgeable, but also very very mean. She has no adequate medical knowledge. All she can do is to blame parents intead of trying to help the child. Yes she is always smiling but she is very mean. When we say we want to change a Primary physican, she told Department of Social Service that we were neglecting child!!! She got lucky we did not sue her for malpractice and misconduct. She is so mean. Stay away from her.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
29	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	I was treated by Dr.Sharma for throat cancer and finished the therapy with no evidence of cancer, with good swallow function and minimal side effects. 	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Dennis and his staff made me feel very comfortable. Dennis is reliable and trustworthy and has a great demeanor and bedside manor. I have referred my closest friends and even family members.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
31	1	Hands down excellent experience with Dr.Schimpf.  Would trust him with any plastic surgery need.  Listens to what the patient wants, thoughtful, great bed side manners.  Traveled from out of town to have my surgery, 100%  referral rate. A+ 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	Very unprofessional doctor &amp; staff.  Not impressed one bit!  He was nearly an hour late for my appointment &amp; then rushed thru it like it didn't even matter.  	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	-1	I was supposed to be seen by Dr. Saccogna for an evaluation after I was involved in an accident.  His staff had been advised that I was unable to pay my $30 copay.  His staff advised that Dr. Saccogna refused to work with me on my copay.  His staff stated that he advised his practice was not a lending institution.  I have scheduled an appointment with another doctor that has agreed to work with me on my copay.  I am shocked and disappointed that Dr. Saccogna would not work with me.  I suffered a head injury due to an accident.  My primary doctor wanted a specialist to exam me and review my CAT scans.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	-1	I was just very disappointed in my visit with this doctor.  The staff was great! 	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
33	1	Dr. Saccogna accurately diagnosed my problem.Eventually, I required surgery. I was pleased with the results. He is not very talkative, but seemed to know his profession. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	My son had bad clot time, This Dr still went n did the surgery. It almost killed my child. My son was in the hosp over a week becouse of this.  	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	He is a very knowledgeable doctor and seems to listen. He is a serious man and is good at getting quickly to the bottom of your concern. Your visit will not be long. He is a fast decision maker and very business-like.  	3	5	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Peter Schriver is an excellent doctor.  He has a great bed-side manner and a great attitude in the way he treated my husband.  He is very knowledgable and gives of himself in time and effort. Would use him again! He operated and took out the appendix so I reckon he would be considered a surgeon. 	 1/8/08	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Blew out a disk in lower (lumbar) spine, surgery definitely needed. Dr. Samuels did the surgery and follow up. She was always courteous and kind, provided good information on post-op treatment. What i liked most was her outrage at hospital, which somehow forgot to give me my basal insulin for several days (though it was in charts), putting me in ketoacidosis.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
35	-1	To say Miss Vicki can't suck enough is an understatement. My mother was admitted with a subdural hematoma. Never once spoke with this woman face to face. I mentioned to one of the ER Docs that I felt she just couldn't be bothered because my mother is an elder. He concurred. Here's a news flash doc, with a little luck you'll be elderly one day as well and I hope you are cast aside as rudely. Stick to lab rats. Even they don't deserve the likes of you. 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	I had several visits with dr. Samuels. Sometimes she treated me like her best friend, other times she was rude and arrogant. Very moody and unprofessional. She would tell me one thing on 1 visit, and something completely different on another. She would not focus on the reason I was there, instead she only wanted to treat the pain by prescribing narcotics. She was very vague about a diagnosis. I am in the same condition I was in when I started seeing her 4 months ago, she is not helping at all. I am currently looking for another dr.  	3	4	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
35	1	After months of poor service from a number of GPs and a PRN at neurologist, my visit to Dr. Samuels was a god send. I found her highly professional and helpful.  Granted, I did not utilize her skills as a surgeon; however, I found that she best explained my condition (prior to that my chiropractor had done the best job).  She gave me advice that made sense. She told me that she would write notes such that if my symptoms reappeared I could get relief immediately. She also referred me to another GP.  She just plain spent time with me actually treating me. For my purposes, she was terrific.  	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	Dr. Victoria Samuels is a professional surgeon, curteous to me and very helpfull to me. She performed surgery on my right hand (Ulnar Nerve Transposition). Today it is my 3rd day after suegery, and I noticed a great difference in my hand. I recommend Dr. Samuels to any patient suffering the same condition, and I wish her great success in her job.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	-1	Has no bed side manner!!!  Very, very rude doctor that should go to senativity training for at least 1 year and maybe she would not be as rude as she is now.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
35	1	My name is Brent Brooks and I live in Lexington, SC where Dr Samuels did surgery on my brain that had severe damage and trauma. I was hit so hard in the back of my head that it pushed my brain into my forehead. My brain was jello and with the grace of God Victoria was able to help. She is top notch and one of the best in the South East. We will have her back if yall dont want her in Connecticut:) 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	She is the kindest doctor I've seen in a while and could tell that she actually cares about her patients.  All of her staff is top notch. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Best medical services were provided for my husband under dr. Samuels care. The spinal fusion surgery, using,the cage implant (BAK) method was a great success.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	-1	dr. samuels operated on the wrong disc in my neck.  she did not discover this after several xrays and an mri.  she used the wrong size cervical plate.  she recommended and did a double fusion, which another dr. said a single fusion was all that was necessary. sometimes she was nice and other times arrogant.  she prescribed a medicine I was allergic to after my surgery, plus the allergy was noted in my charts.  Luckily the nurse told me what I was taking then I questioned if it was safe-which it wasn't. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Dr. Samuels is a wonderful, compassionate doctor.  I wish more doctors were like her.  She knows her job!!! 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	Dr. Samuels missed a diagnosis that was later confirmed by 2 other doctors. I would not recommend her.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
35	1	I'm with most of you here.  I found her a great Doctor, fully competent and right on target.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	-1	My observation of Victoria Samuels, during an initial appointment, was that she unprofessional and emotional. She railed against corporations, recommended that I not work for several weeks, and ordered PT before reviewing test results. She also prescribed Xanax without discussing the side effects. When asked about possible interactions with other medicines, she suggested I ask my pharmacist. Later I felt that she understated my condition even though test results clearly indicated a problem. In my opinion Victoria's behavior was rude and discourteous with a splash of inflated ego. Not a good combination for a neurosurgeon. Another patient waiting for an appointment, told us she would need another surgery to correct an initial procedure that Dr Samuels performed. Luckily, I found another doctor that has addressed and treated my health issues. This doctor was astounded that Victoria was unable to correctly diagnose my situation.  		3	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
36	1	Very professional and friendly. I highly recommend him to friends. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Dr. Seabrook listens to you and makes you feel like a part of your health care team.  He readily interacts with other physicians involved in your care. He does not subject you to unnecessary diagnostic procedures nor does he prescribe medications just to be writing a prescription. He is an excellent, compassionate physician and is always there when I need him. Thanks, Dr.  Seabrook!! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	. he cares so much about his patients and is very friendly and calls every now and then to check on me 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
36	1	Dr. Seabrook listened well and seemed to be genuinely concerned with my quality of life. He doesn't believe in putting a patient through a lot of tests just for the sake of doing them.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
36	-1	I had a bleed and he never found out why. It's been 7 yrs and i found out i have chorn's something he should have picked up on. 		2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Dr. Seabrook is the most knowledgeable and helpful physician I have ever worked with! He makes it his goal to find and treat your problem in order to improve your quality of life. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	. Open your wallet!!!!  Two insurances and  the n=most I have EVER paid for and out-of-pocket cleaning and x-rays!!!  Wishing you better luck than I had!!!! 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	If you like conveyor belt medicine and no notifications/explanations of procedures/appts. - this is the practice for you.  A COMPLETE joke! 	2	5	3	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
38	1	Dr. Skates is an excellent ENT doctor! He attended to my son and myself in 2001-2002 in Okinawa, Japan. My son had to have tubes in his ears and his tonsils removed. Dr Skates performed both. He was very kind and very knowledgeable. He also drained a few boils that formed in the back of my throat and also removed my tonsils. I am very grateful for the care that Dr. Skates took with my son and me.  I highly recommend him! 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
39	-1	he is one of the worst, he tried sending me back to work with a dead leg which ended up being amputated by U of M, he said that he didn't d=know what dr.schaller was talking about or how in the hell he released me after multiple surgeries and U of M said theirs no way in the world that i could go back.  I don't trust this doctor to have him work on him or a family member bc he'll treat you less than dirt and so will his MA. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	I give Dr. Samiy my highest recommendation. His skill and professionalism, ability to act quickly, and his care gave me complete confidence after developing a retinal detachment. I am grateful to him for his work. I am a doctor myself, and would not hesitate to recommend him to anyone 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	Poor confidentiality.  One of the office personnel was discussion confidential patient information on the phone, with her door open, directly across from where 4 of us were waiting for our appointments.  Dr. Samiy did not close office doors when meeting with me.  He discussed my situation in hearing distance of others. He demonstrated impatience with me and seemed notably rushed and disinterested.  I rarely leave critical feedback in any situation; but this was really quite an unfortunate visit.  His final response to my blurred vision was that there was nothing that could be done for it and that I was to come back in a week for him to examine again. When I explained my position as an Analyst, he still offered no other directive than to just wait and come back next week.  In all fairness, this might be the directive another dr would have given; but it was Dr. Samiy's inconsiderate, rushed, and lack of confidentiality that really concerned me.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Wellpoint
40	1	Very compassionate, knowledgeable and caring.  I've been his patient for several years and always found him helpful, skilled and caring. Since I'm diabetic and have had detached retinas and cataract surgery I'm very particular who cares for my eyes and I trust him completely.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	-1	.  	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	I waited two hours on my last visit,this time I informed the receptionist that I had another appointment afterwards and I needed the dr. to honor my appointment time. I was thirty minutes early and 45 minutes past my appointment time I was still waiting so I asked that they send my lab results to me by mail and renue my prescrip., they refused and said I could make another appoint.,I will find another Dr.  	1	1	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	-1	Not someone I would recommend at all. After one year of treatment that proved to be completely inefficient (I was prescribed a large amount of Lortab and Darvocet), I had to switch physicians and undergo surgery...my current physician is still waiting for my patient records after 6 years, all of my tests had to be performed again which cost me and my health insurance unnecessary moneys. i do not recommend this doctor at all.  	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	-1	I have been given every test in the book--colonoscopy, endoscopy, ultrasounds, abdominal ct scans, blood work, etc. Dr. Scowcroft has not been able to give me 1 answer to why I can not digest my food. I have paid him almost $10K with no answers other than to take meds for IBS which has not helped with the pain at all. After my CT scan, I had to call 4 times before I ever got an answer of &quot;we don't think there anything abnormal but we will call you later if we find anything.&quot; (This was 1 month after the scan) I am currently looking for another doc.  	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	0	He is very,very moody and can treat his staff and patients badly. He is always running behind because he always overbooks his schedule. Ok doctor if you dont mind waiting a couple of hours.  	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
43	1	Dr Schaefer is an excellent Dr.  She spends time with you and explains anything you don't understand.  However, her office is like a rabbit warren....small and cramped.  Her office staff really sucks and they do lie as someone else said.  Calling in for prescription refills is a nightmare because they take their time filling it.  But I continue to go to her because SHE is a good Dr and all that comes along with being a patient.  I gave the Dr a high rating because she deserves it but her staff does not.  	1	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	Dr. Schaefer is the best. Office staff needs work but she is so good it is worth ignoring.  	2	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
43	1	Dr. Schaefer is a very good, caring doctor. Her staff leaves a lot to be desired. They can't get their billing system right, after years of trying. Most of the staff doesn't care about what they do, but there are a few that are good. I would like going to her much more if she revamped her staff and office. However, she is worth sticking with, as long as it doesn't get any worse.  	2	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	0	This is the best doctor I have ever went to see, her nurses and office staff are the worst I have ever seen. I can't understand how a great doctor has such a terrible staff. Her nurses are rude and uncaring, her staff just out and out lies. I asked to speak with the doctor and they told me she wasn't in, as I was walking out, I saw her through the window in the hallway! Dr. Schaefer will take great pains to see to your illness, if you can get through her appointment girl and the nurses. The PA she has is bad also, if you think you can put up with the office staff, then you have found a great doctor, if you would like to be treated with respect and be able to reach your doctor, KEEP LOOKING! 		2	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	This Dr. treats both my husband and I and we both have many health problems that Dr. Schaefer is wonderful in treating. She listens, does not talk down to you, is very calm and reassures you when you are afraid to ask things. Her staff is not always the best, but to have Dr. Schaefer as your Dr is well worth it.  You would be sorry not to try her if you need a good general physician! 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	-1	he is the worst doctor ever. actually need some answers to my questions my dad died about a year or more ago. he was going to this doctor and come to find out my dads medical records have him prescribing him benzos n morphine along with two whole list of other drugs. is he the physical cause of his death&#63;&#63; 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	I had typed a lot of things here, but deleted them. Please save yourself or loved one pain. Go elsewhere before it is too late. Pills are his only answer. This is WC, my wife is now stuck.......  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
44	-1	would have to come in every month to get my med (even though he said he could not do anything else for me)so I got charged to just pick up my med script(20.00) to see him it was 85.00 so he could say everything looks good 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	2 herniated discs and 2 bulging disc with tears and he tells me to just deal with the pain, and gives me pain meds, what kind of doctor tells you to deal with pain, i don't want to be on meds for the rest of my life, time to switch doctors, would not recomend to anyone.  he is a puppet on a string not a doctor, i have been told years ago he was a good doctor, wonder went wrong, maybe the insurance company's bottom line 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	-1	We would not recommend Dr. Shallcross or his team.  My husband was a patient for 10+ years.  Over the past few years, his practice has changed significantly.  I would agree that he does not have his patients best interest at heart.  He nor his PA's listen and empathathize.  We firmly beleive they are legal drug pushers who keep you on the narcs to keep you coming back.  My husband ended up falling and breaking his arm after the PA refused to believe he was having additional back problems.  We sought a neuro on our own who found a herniated disc.  We desperately wanted other options besides drugs and asked about a spinal stimulator.  We were asked to &quot;wait&quot; until he added a physician who was specialized.  We allowed the procedure and it turned into a nightmare because of lack of experience!!!  WE WOULD NOT RECOMMEND Dr. Shallcross or his team to anyone.   Keep looking!! 	 8/15/11	1	1	3	Insurance:Medicare
44	1	I really like Dr. Shallcross.  He is very friendly, knowledgeable, &amp; caring. Not sure why other people rated him so low, but I have to disagree w/their ratings.  He seems to really care about my injury and wants to get to the root of my severe pain, as well as why it won't quit hurting so badly. Thanks for a Dr.  that seems to want to help even the patients that were injured on the job!!! 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Workers Comp
44	-1	This little man is a legend in his own little mind , totolly  a bad doctor .  Or is he a chiropractor 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
44	-1	I have been going to this dr for 5 years, have seen him a total of apx 6 times, He discharged me after a UDS that showed I had a different medicine then he has prescribed. After talking to his NA she admitted that he did prescribe this. But gave me no recourse. I have called the SC Medical Board and am going from there. Word of advise,,, GET OUT OF THERE BEFORE YOU ARE JUST ANOTHER SASTITIC! 	3	1	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	My parent is seeing this yo-yo, she is strung out on many different meds. He hardly ever sees her his PA hands her the prescriptions. No monitoring at all. I am going to submit a complaint.  Has anyone else sent a complaint to the medical board&#63; 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
44	-1	I HAD AN ACCIDENT AT WORK  THEN WAS TOLD BY W/C INS. CARRIER THAT I HAD TO SEE THIS GUY,.HE SEEN ME PUT ME ON PAIN MEDS AND PHY THEREPY.THIS LITTLE MAN WORKS FOR THE INS CARRIER ,HE DOES WHAT THEY TELL HIM TO DO.THEN WHEN HE GETS ALL HE CAN FROM THEM ,HE GIVES YOU A 2 HOUR HUMILIATING TEST,CRAWLING ON THE FLOOR,ROLLING ON A BALL TO RATE YOUR DISIBILITY AND IF YOU CANT DO IT ,HE TELLS W/C YOUR HOLDING BACK THEN TAKES YOU OFF MEDS AND TELLS YOU IN A LOUD VOICE,SO THE REST OF HIS STAFF CAN HERE HIM GO BACK TO WORK.LITTLE DID HE KNOW WHILE I WAS SEEING HIM I WAS ALSO SEEING ANOTHER ORTHOPEDIC AND NEURO DR S.PAYING OUT OF MY OWN POCKET ...I HAD 2 HERNIATED DISKS AND NEEDED BACK SURGERY.MY ADVICE TO ANYONE IN SC  IS SEE ATTORNEY AND SEE ANOTHER  DR IN ANOTHER STATE LIKE I DID AND PAY FOR IT YOURSELF ..I SPENT 20 YEARS IN THE USMC AS A  GUNNERY SERGEANT,RETIRED WORKING FOR THE &#63; .THIS MAN WOULDNT HAVE LASTED 1 WEEK UNDER MY COMMAND. I WONDER IF HE EVER HEARD OF THE BONE DESEASE (SPINELESS) 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
44	-1	Too quick to judge and doesn't listen to problems. Needs to read &quot;How to Win Friends &amp; Influence People&quot;. But will give you meds &amp; if you say they don't work he wants you to keep taking them! I can't believe he's affiliated with GHS.  	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
44	-1	I thought this was a good doctor and have been going there for a year and recently I barely even complained (they did not change my address when I gave it to them) because their error caused me to not get my rx. They refused to give me my pain medication even though they admitted that they were at fault and I told them I was going into withdrawal because no meds for 6 days.  After that happened they called me into their office to &quot;speak to the administrator&quot; as though I was some little kid getting scolded all the while I was in serious withdrawal and they had caused the problem. At that point they said they would no longer be treating me.  I've never seen anything like it in my life and they were the ones that first gave me pain medications so I had to find another doctor.  My new dr. does not play games like this. I could not believe a doctor's office would be so unethical and uncaring. Pain is a serious matter but they do not seem to understand it.   It's their way or you are out! 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
44	1	FINALLY, a wonderful PM physician.  I would happily refer Dr Shallcross to anyone requiring a PM physician.  Caring, compassionate, and does treat me with great respect unlike my former PM physician in my town.  Truly wants to see me be the best I can be.  Great staff as well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
44	1	I have found Dr. Shallcross to be a very helpful and compassionate. He is very strict in regards to patients' responsibilities, but this is to be expected in the line of work he is in. I've been seeing him for 26 months. He has greatly improved my quality of life. His staff is absolutely wonderful! They are extremely compassionate and take time to get to know each patient. I feel very fortunate to have Dr. Shallcross and his staff on my treatment team.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
44	-1	Very unprofessional, his assistant actually did examine.  On this particular visit, he just left the office &#63;&#63;&#63;&#63; Little concern for pain and help with medication for pain.   I could of gotten better care at a VETS office! 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
44	-1	Probably the most uneffective Doctor I have ever seen. Told me the same thing after 5 minutes..&quot;get used to the pain&quot;. He never even discussed with me the condition that caused the pain. He suggested I go back to the Doctor I was referred by for help.  Office was nasty with peeling walls, missing doors, plastic taped up. Not a clean enviroment.  	4	3	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	-1	I totally agree with the comments that he doesn't stay in the room and won't even DISCUSS pain levels. I have been to him for a back injury and I don't think he even pay's any attention to my chart or the previous Dr.'s prognosis of my injury. He makes me feel just terrible everytime I go to. And as one of the other people on here commented his &quot;advise&quot; is horrible and just makes you feel bad. He even told me just to &quot;get used to the pain and go on with my life&quot;. How terrible is that&#63;! Don't go to this Dr., he has no compassion for his patients and he is just a horrible Dr.! 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	This doctor would not give me my monthly prescription unless I paid him $30 a month for him to mail me my prescription and I have never had a doctor do this and I've been on this medication for three years. This didn't even include the office visit fees. I took my business to a more ethical, compassionate doctor.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
45	1	I mostly think these rating sites are not reliable but I decided to post that Dr. Schwartz helped me.  I went there to get well, so I am very satisfied. 	 4/8/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	Bedside manner is non-existent.  Charged my insurance company to the hilt.  Multiple visits, lots of money spent, I am still in pain.  This Doctor seems to be all about how much he can charge you.  I don't recommend him.  	 3/10/12	1	2	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	I am a new patient and must say that I have received excellent treatment from Dr Schwartz.  While he did various procedures on me HE DID find the root of my problem. I have been suffering with neck and back pain for most of my life and thru his thorough examination we have discovered it is coming from my foot. I believe that a true specialist needs to run a battery of tests inorder to find out the problem.  I was quite satisfied 	 8/7/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	I have been a patient for quite some time with dr Schwartz   He has taken me off all pain meds and now I am walking with out the help of my walker.  I am disappointed at the previous negative comment.  Dr Schwartz is a specialist   Specialists try to get to the cause of the complaint and yes that may take different procedures.  Dr Schwartz has always been honest with me as well as caring. And believe me I have had my bad days.  Ifyou are in pain and want thorough dr care dr Schwartz is definitely my choice 	 7/21/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	In my opinion this doctor is dishonest and milks the system for revenue. I came to him after my surgeon suspected I may have RSD/CRPS. His staff claims he is the South West Regional Specialist in this.  He ordered and performed many thousands of dollars of tests, many seemingly non-related to my issues, then said to my face that I did in fact have RSD.  When I requested my medical records later, they said &quot;RSD should be considered&quot;. I then saw another Dr. at Duke University who said I defnitely did NOT have this disease.  Sure enough, a few months later, my symptoms are almost all gone.  I agree with the other reviewers who say he is cold and seemingly uncaring.  My husband has a medical background and I have a Biology background.  Many of the things he said and did were very questionable and some even alarming to us.  	 7/6/11	5	1	1	Insurance:Anthem
45	-1	Flew acroass the country then was told he doesn't take medicare.  Tests, tests, injections and he tried to have us buy his wifes suppliments twice. Very unprofessional.  One test actually made the pain worse.  How terrible to take advantage of people in pain!! 	 10/7/10	3	3	1	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	I was hoping to find a doctor in the area, since my former doctor was an hour away. He wanted me to discontinue the medications that I had been on for years. He ordered a bunch of tests and charged my insurance thousands of dollars for 2 office appointments. He sent me for a lower back xray when it was a neck problem.  He tried to sell me on his wife's multi-level marketing company's vitamins, instead of FDA approved medications. He did not like questions.  	 8/11/10	1	3	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	-1	Very rude, will not answer any of my questions. Always refers me to his website which contradicts what little he dose say. My attorney gave me copies of my medicial notes that they obtained from this so called doctor, they contained just as many lies as truths. As a doctor he took an oath to place my wellbeing above everything else, he does not do this, the oath must have been a joke to him. It seems he is more concerned with how much money he can milk from the insurance company than my wellbeing. When I leave his office I feel angry at the way I have been treated and feel betrayed that this &quot;doctor&quot; doesn't care if my pain gets any better or not.  	 4/9/10	4	3	1	Insurance:Workers Comp
45	1	Dr. Schwartz is a wonderful Dr.  He has helped me work through my pain and has helped me get off my pain meds.  He is all about patient care.  i highly recommend this Dr. 	 3/14/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Dr. Schwartz is amazing. Rather than just giving my drugs for my pain, he actually listened to me and is trying to find the cause of my neck pain.  Highly Recommended! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	-1	This doctor told me on my first visit to stop taking my pain medicine that I had been on for 5 years. He said he would provide me with something as needed. When my meds ran out that week he gave me medicine that had NO effect at all. Would not give me what I had been taking because he considered them a &quot;street drug.&quot; This guy is so out of touch with people it is amazing. Very rude and smug. Has pictures of himself in every room. He WILL NOT listen to anything you have to say. Ran a list of tests and at the end said there was nothing he could do for me. He lied during a deposition about what was affecting me and how I was treated medically by him. I do trust nor recommend him to ANYONE! I saw more than one person get upset after seeing him after they left his office. This guy is as nuts as they come. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	Not helpfull at all. Told me to look at his web site for information on my diagnosis never answer my question. Very rude, never will go back to this guy. I strongly don't recommend him.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	-1	Horrible doctor... Stay away! He's a true quack. The only thing I can say that is positve about him, is that he was on time! 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	Tests, tests, tests, tests, tests.  Never does ANYTHING to help.  Injections made me worse.  Kept testing, testing, testing.  Always tells you just to go on his website.  Tried to take me off meds my TRUSTED doc put me on - that were working!  Wouldn't give me ANYTHING for pain.  A total jerk.  	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	dr schwartz helped my son, who has a very bad pain syndrome called rsd. Everyone else had put him on narcotics. Within two visits he was off narctoics and sleeping through the night.  We are very grateful to dr schwartz 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	He is very unfriendly and has no bedside manners.  Will not explain what is wrong with you in language you understand. He says read his web site for questions you ask him. He will go over and over what drugs another doctor (that has known you for years and you trust).  He wants you to come off of them when that is not a wise choice for your condition that he does not know anything about.  I do not recommend him at all.  He is way to expensive and won't talk to you. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	useless doctor, wanted to do numerous tests, EMG/NCV and asked his wife to sell me unwanted vitamines. More interested in how much he can suck out of my insurance, never returned to see him after the first visit. Stay away from this man. Most of the postings here are hyped by his agents.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	0	Warning: this doctor requires patients to sign a contract &quot;which prohibits publications/postings referring to myself and/or the practice&quot;. 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	I am blessed that i have met Dr. Schwartz.  I have been diagnosed with fibromyaltia from another Dr. and all they wanted to do is treat me with pain pills.  Dr. Schwartz has examined me thoroughly and with his kind and compationate patience he has helped me get through my pain.  I am off all narcotics and feeling great.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	I have been hurting for almost 5 years now and no one has been able to help me. Dr. Schwartz was the first doctor that treated my pain and found the root of the problem rather than just treat my symptoms. Ever since seeing him i have felt great! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	Terrible terrible.  Went for pain in both knees.  2.5hor drive each way.  Did test for the first 3 months with no actual treatment.  I believe he was milking the insurance and wasting my time.  Zero help and pushed nutritional products his wife sells.  When he finally treated with prolo therapy, would only give one injection per knee per visit.  What a joke.  	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
45	-1	Have been to this dr twice.  my primary complaint is/was knee pain.  He seems to want to focus on my neck.  He's only ordered a battery of tests, doesn't answer my questions fully, has done NOTHING about the pain I came to see him for except to recommend heat rub & epsom salts baths.  And of course ordered more tests.  Not going back and wouldn't recommend him for pain management.  At least not if you have knee problems.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
45	-1	Dr. was to perform an independent medical exam for my insurance company. Appt should have lasted 1.5 hours. He spent approx 10 minutes with me, was combative when asked questions, he checked my reflexes and asked minimal &#63;'s no further exam. Not a thorough anything and charged my insurance company $600 for. Abrupt, cold, and rude person. He offered no ideas or suggestions for helping me. He didn't even ask me what was wrong.  	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
45	1	I have been trying to get help for years. Dr. Schwartz found my problem in short order. now im off all narcotics and have my life back. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	0	This doctor runs a batterey of tests, seems to know his stuff but can only offer injections that did NOT help my pain while costing me a small fortune. He is not open to any treatment except injections and gets defensive if you try to explain that you'd like an alternative treatment. If you don't won't injections, I say don't waste your time with him. 	5	4	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Dr Schwartz picked up where other doctors failed me. He performed several tests and successfuly treated my back and nerve injuries. He's knowledgeable, committed, and genuinely interested in helping his patients and not in just making a buck. Highly recommend him. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	I traveled many miles seeking answers for my RSD (severe pain from reflex sympathetic dystrophy). I found them by visiting Dr. Schwartz in SC. I am very grateful to him and his terrific staff for the very professional and kind attention. In addition, Dr. Schwartz's wife works as the office Wellness Co-ordinator. She is a great (and free) resource on a host of nutrition related topics. Dr.Schwartz administered the necessary tests and has given me more info and recommendations for treatment in a few days than I have received in more than a year. Dr. Schwartz is the most compassionate, caring doctor i have met. He helped me get my life back.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
45	1	i recently visited Dr. Schwartz as a patient. I have been to many doctors regarding my back pain which kept me basically bedridden for several months. They never really found the root of the problem. A friend of mine mentioned she had been to see Dr. Schwartz and had great success. Dr. Schwartz took the time to find out where my pain was coming from. After several visits I am back on my feet& back at work part time. I highly recommend Dr. Schwartz 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	Thia person should not be called a Dr. He has this list of test he runs and never helps. I went the hoping to get better but all he did was waste my hard earned money. 		2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	I've been to Dr. Sclesinger 5 or 6 times for fillers and Botox.  I think he is outstanding in this area and wouldn't consider going anywhere else.  I will be going again later this month.  His work always looks natural. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	I really like Dr. Schlessinger! He does give off the &quot;in a rush&quot; vibe sometimes, but I think that's just his personality, though. I can tell he actually cares, and his staff is very friendly. He's very informative and made removing my moles and getting stitches very bearable. I would and have recommended him to others! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	I felt Dr. Schlesinger and his staff were excellent.  They were all very knowlegeable.  I went for some cosmetic filler and his staff and the doctor expelained everything they were going to do.  Someone from his staff called me the next day to see how i was doing, which I like very much. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	I have been a patient with several dermatologists in other states over the years and am happy to report that Dr. Schlesinger seemed to be a cut above all the others - highly professional, pleasant personality, very organized, efficient, and did not waste time with meaningless banter and unnecessary return visits, etc. He gladly answered all my questions and concerns and took the right amount of time with me. His eagle eye spotted all my questionable growths and he was able to do the necessary procedures right then, saving me a separate (return) visit (most areas were pre- cancerous with one biopsy performed.) I highly recommend him. Driving the extra distance turned out to be worth it. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Seemed very knowledgeable, but did not spend a lot of time with you. Explanations were very short and without a lot of detail. He just seemed in a hurry the whole time.  	3	4	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	1	The staff is pretty awful. We love Dr Shah and the other doctors, but have seriously talked about switching because of that staff. They're rude, dismissive, not well organized, and always late.  I don't understand how such good doctors can stand to employ such horrible staff! 	1	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	1	Dr Shah and most of his staff doctors do a great job.  The nurses and office staff have done fine.  Only problem is sometimes confusion with appointment cancellations/changes, etc.  	5	3	4	4 	Insurance:Tricare
47	1	Some of the receptionists aren't the nicest people, but DR Shah and the other DRs are great.  As a FTM they have put all of my fears at ease and the nurses always return my calls and give helpful advice.  The wait can sometimes be long, but we've usually been seen within 20 minutes of our appt time.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
47	1	Dr. Is nice enough but staff was horrible.  Front Office supervisor was very rude 	1	3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	Was taken there for a semi emergency one day and noticed that there was something different about Dr. Sack. He just stands out, knowledge and the ability to communicate and care all in one doctor! Amazing. The staff is very helpful also. Luckily I was able to make him my Primary Care Physician.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
48	1	Very Helpful. Took time to research treatment alternatives and come up with a winner.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:AARP
49	-1	Front desk was very rude and uncaring. I waited 3 hours before being seen.Dr. Sarb then spent a total of 8 minutes with me. Very uncaring, didn't care that I waited so long. Rushed me during the appointment. Asked me to pull my pants down standing there, no gown, not on bed, nothing it was horrible. She then poked me real quick with a pin or something. Rushed out the door. I didn't know anything, I was more confused then ever. I was sent for an MRI of the brain. It's been a month and a half and still no call or info. I picked up the report myself and tried to figure it out myself. I called the office manager a couple of times and never can get her. I've lefted messages and still no call back. Please don't go there. It's awful. I left in tears.    Read more:http://www.vitals.com/doctor/profile/1285691485/revi... 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	She is very nice in office visit. I had lumbar epidurals and was disappointed in her professionalism both times. She chit chatted with nurses while she did the procedure and seemed to not be paying attention to what she was doing. First epidural worked some, second not at all though it felt as if it was done completely different from the first but she never came back into the room to speaks to me again after the second procedure to let me know anything. I canceled third one and will go elsewhere. People in office who make appt. are the rudest people ever.  	2	5	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	Extremely nice and eager to help.  Very nice to look at as well. 	1	3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	I was very pleased with the care I received from this office. All doctors have delays, but she was the shortest wait I have ever had.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
49	-1	she dx with something and didn't know anything aobut it. told she'd reschelude and never did.... she refuse to help me with my dx as for as pain control or sending to another doctor.  i'm being treated now at musc 		1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	-1	The amount of money I paid was more if I was sick. She refused to provide treatment or diagnosis. She refused to do additional tests to help me gain a diagnosis. Instead, she bounced me out and back from specialist to specialist, bankrupting me in the process. I'm still without a diagnosis and trying to pay off the debt. She sent me to the er instead of doing the bloodwork. She is a poor doctor. Her knowledge is based on her web md software. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	Dr Sarmiento has been my doctor for around 5 years. Over the years I made excuses for what seemed to be a lack of patient concern. Last year she came into the little exam room with her laptop and promptly reviewed my reason for the visit. After a brief conversation, I realized that she was looking at the wrong patients records. Nevertheless. I wrote it off to fatigue or maybe she had a bad day. However, since that day I have had several additional visits to her office¸ and I have concluded that she is more interested in her standing in the Doctor community than her patients. As a physician, I could never recommend her.  	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
50	0	Not personable, had trouble understanding her when she spoke. 	4	4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	This was one of the worst doctors I've seen.  The staff was unprofessional and uncaring.  Dr. Sarmiento typed on her computer the entire visit and never looked at me.  Once she stopped and asked, &quot;Did you say something&#63;  I wasn't listening.&quot;  I went to see her about a possible thyroid condition and while she ordered labs that day, she went ahead and gave me cymbalta---actually tossed it at me!  I wasn't even depressed, just felt bad.  I do have a thyroid issue, but I did not go back to her.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	Dr. Sheikh is is always honest and direct. He does expect patients do what he asks of them, but that's the way a doctor needs to be. Dr. Sheikh is caring and very knowledgeable. He is willing to answer questions and to calm patients' fears, and his staff will do all they can to see that all tests and exams occur in a timely manner. I highly recommend Dr. Sheikh.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	Due to chronic illnesses that run in our family, Dr. Sheikh has treated all of us. He is knowledgeable, thorough and straight up. He has always treated all of us with dignity, respect, fairness and compassion. Without him, I would be a patient in very bad shape today. When I was hospitalized, the staff at AnMed were full of praises for him, as they were when my daughter was his patient there recently. In regards to the comment made above I can only imagine that it may have been someone who did not follow Dr. Sheikh's recommendations or orders. He is very peculiar about his patients working with him and contributing to their recovery and will not put up with any nonsense or excuses. I know several people who Dr. Sheikh has helped a lot and I would recommend him to anyone.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	-1	I wouldn't recommend this doctor for anyone.  I don't think this man is even human.  If you can, your best bet is to find a specialist out of Anderson County.  Dr. Sheikh is unreal when it comes to patient care.  If you don't believe me, just ask the nurses on the fourth or sixth floor at Anmed.  They can tell you that he shouldn't even be practicing medicine if he's going to do patients the way he does. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	Dr. Savage and his staff are wonderful.  He is very polite and seems to really care.  He also has a wonderful staff that takes time with you.  I had a bump come up on my side 3 months after surgery and was worried about it and I emailed him and he immediatly answered and his staff called me and set up an appointment at my convenience.  Come to find out it was nothing but at least seeing him and his reassurance made me feel good.  It has healed and I'm fine.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	what a lovely man...i was referred by my ortho who saw something bad on spinal MRI.  He took care of kidney tumor 2 yrs ago.  recent checkup all is well.   I highly recommend him when you really need an expert 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
53	-1	.  	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
54	-1	His own staff told me to go to another doctor.  This doctor looks for a reaction from his patients..very sick doctor.  Many of our friends have said the same thing. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
54	0	Dr. Schnorr is a salesman. Be careful tries to sell you everything.  He does not like questions and will not explain.  He seems to look for a reaction from you ex. crying, almost in a sick way.  Went elsewhere and found a very caring, open to questions and compassionate staff. 	2	2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
54	-1	The staff and nurses at SEFC were nice, but I found Dr Schnorr to be unprofessional and rude. I waited 45 mins while he was late returning from lunch, then he talked to down to me and acted as if I knew nothing about my body. He did not listen to my concerns and was pushing unnecessary, aggressive treatments. I personally would not see him if you have PCOS and do not fit the old stereotypical manifestation, i.e. if you're not obese and growing a beard he will not believe that you have PCOS. Although before I had to move, my previous RE said that about 40% of his patients were lean or normal weight. Bottom line- Dr Schnorr does not seem concerned with my health, only getting me pregnant by any means. He acts annoyed if you ask questions, and I left his office feeling frustrated and hopeless. 	4	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	We used Dr. Schnorr for 3 IUI's (unsuccessful) and 1 IVF cycle (successful).  He was very compassionate and really cared about me as patient.  I was extremely pleased with his nurse, Monique and the MB nurse Tiffani.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Great Great Doctor! Great Staff, you will never find a doctor that will care and spend time with you like this. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Fantastic dedication to patients.  Takes the time to answer any and all questions and never makes you feel inadequate.   Wish I could have kept him for my OB! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	Great Dr. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Dr.Shalkham is a wonderful doctor he takes his time with me I never feel rushed when I come in for a vsit. He very dedicated to his patients. I would recamind him to anyone who is looking for a good doctor. 	5	5	5	3 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	At SMPC provides great care.  Punctual and compassionate. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	. very thorough 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
57	1	Listened well and ordered an appropriate test; dealt with my issue promptly so that I wouldn't have to wait and worry.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
58	1	Excellent Dr. I been with him over 4 years, He also sees my entire family. I used to be a patient at another office until they closed. Would love to see the Office Manager Tammy from that office in his office.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
58	1	Great Dr.! Always up with new training on the latest methods and information. Have been with this Dr. for 6 years and would not have anyone else adjust me ! Friendly, caring and gentle. Anyone who needs a new Dr., come by and see Dr.Joe ! He is now located on W.Whitner extension(top of Hwy 24) just down from the Spinx station. Brick and white building with wheel-chair ramp on front. Used to be the Old Pless Clinic !Stop by and get an adjustment today You won't be sorry ! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
59	1	I could tell that Dr. Shah genuinely cares about my well-being. He is very knowledgeable and went beyond the call of duty to ensure I am taken care of.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	-1	My appt. was at 10:45 am, We got there at 10:35am and signed in, no one acknowledged me. Another patient came in a t 10:40am and was called back within minutes. I was called back at 10:50 and waited a total of 1 hour and a half until my wife walked to a nurse outside the door and asked if we could reschedule because we had a meeting at my sons school. Then the doctor turned around and said oh i am coming right in and saw that it was not the room he just came out of and told the nurse thjat we could go ahead and leave. My wife went crazy. We had been there almost two hours and he spent a total of 3 minutes on my sinus infection with bronchitis. I totally will not go back to this uneducated in the bedside mannerism of PHD.  	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
60	1	Dr. Shapiro is an excellent Chiropractor and holistic practitioner. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	0	After paying out of pocket for my services. None of my questions were fully answered and I received an EOB. Even though I paid out of pocket, they tried billing my insurance for $2000.00. Last time I checked that was insurance fraud! 	2	2	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	I have used Chiropractic as my Primary Care Source for over 30 years and although I have received therapy from many a talented professional, there are few that even came close to the magic that Dr. Brandon did with his techniques. I only wish he was 14 hours closer to me for continued and regular adjustments. I look forward to every time I come in contact with him. He is a 10 - not a 5 in my books.... 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	Dr. Shapiro displayed the finest knowledge and application of natural healthcare.  He provided me relief more efficiently and effectively then any other chiropractor or medical doctor I have ever seen.  He uses deep tissue therapuetic massage, cold laser therapy, high tech advanced rehabilitation not seen in any office including physical therapists.  I owe Dr. Shapiro so much. Dr. Shapiro thoroughly explained everything from procedures, expectations of treatments, and disease processes associated to my problem including preventing my problem from returning.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
60	0	I've been to Chiropractors before. This guy baits you into his office with his &quot; high technology methods&quot; and doesn't do anything other than using his Laser. I'm trying another Chiropractor.  	3	1	2	4 	Insurance:Medicare
60	1	This man is a true healer. He goes well beyond chiropractic into 21st century technology. His office is unusual in that it is &quot;open&quot; rather being divided into cubicles. The healing vibes from the other patients are part of his therapy. He is also a pioneer in the use of theraputic lasers and computerized testing. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	Just a awesome doctor. He us very concerned about his patients well being. Everything I've asked of him he has done. Always taking his time with an never rush u out the door to get u out the way.  I say thank u 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
61	1	Dr.D.Shah is a very knowledgeable physician. I trust him completely with my care. He knows what he is talking about and will take the time to answer questions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
62	1	 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	Dr.Scott was a great doctor,the first time I saw him he made me feel comfortable. He told me what he was going to do and explain that it might be a little uncomfortable while he was doing the nerve testing. Afterward he had to order anoter testing and send me to another specialist.  I thought he was great1 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
64	-1	By far this DR is the worst! Arrogant,Careless,Very Rude DR=&#63;Ive ever met,While I was addressing my pain 2he{Im in a body Brace&Rollator; serious issues in my spine.I allowed him 2give me an epidural&he; was&quot;pissy&quot;when I told him it gave me an adverse reaction&actually; made me sicker.His staff was of no help{STEROIDS}are not 4me&he; was annoyed when I told him how sick they made me&how; bad my pain was from it.He said very hateful&quot;What do you want from me&quot;I cant help you&quot;Why don’t you talk to JESUS&#63;.ODD he once quoted himself&quot;He can make the blind see&the; cripple walk~He obviously has issues of his own&it; shows in his deMEANer perhaps he needs 2talk 2J}Each time I went 2see him he was incredibly rude w/sarcastic remarks I left in pain,insulted,upset&defeated; he dont care nor shows 1oz of bedside manner&never; makes eye contact.Jus sits in his chair w/a forked tongue as if its his world&ur; privy to be in his pressence!*WARNING*=STAY AWAY!Im done. I rather hurt than 2deal w/this crude dude! 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
64	-1	 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	Very helpful , and  knowledgeable. Small waiting room and usually 2 to 3 hour wait past appt . 	3	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	0	Office is beautiful, however, Dr. does not appear to have the qualifications she claims. The work I had done was/is poor qulity and temporary at best. Would not recommend. 	4	5	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Excellent bedside manner, staff is great, very caring doctor. Great with kids and adults 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	Dr. Sconyers and his staff are very FRIENDLY and HELPFUL. I broke my crown one night eating a bar that had been in the freezer and Dr. Sconyers came into the office about 8:00 pm to fix it. He is always available when I need him. I call his cell after office hours when I need him. I THANK DR SCONYERS and HIS EXPERIENCED STAFF for 35 YEARS OF SERVICE. I'm VERY SATISFIED.  THANK YOU, Kay Chapman 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	A ton of folks at work suggested this guy and I have been very pleased. He is usually on-time. His staff is great. He also has invested in new machinery and tools so many of the proceedures are much quicker and easier than other dentists can provide. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	I have a terrible fear of dental work. Until about 4 years ago, (and I am 46 years old)I literally would get physically ill in anticipation of every single appointment. Dr Sconyers and his office staff are so very patient and have made my visits as pleasant as one can hope a dental appointment to be. He has never 'talked down' to me because of my irrational fear and is as gentle as anyone could possibly be. I moved from Anderson 7 years ago, but I still drive to see him twice a year plus any work that has to be done. He is worth the trip!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	-1	Dr Schnackenberg over medicated me from the age of 13 - 15 and hospitalized me for months at the expense of everything my mother had. Gas lighting is the only way I could describe his interactions with me. The high doses of medication he prescribed have made holes in my memory and caused me to vomit regularly. When I complained of nausea he insisted to my mother that I was rejecting my meds and vomiting on purpose. He was a terrible doctor and on occasion would offhandedly humiliate me in front of his attending medical students by bring up out of context embarrassing stories that were not connected to the discussion at hand. He had my poor mother wrapped around his finger and nearly bankrupted us all because he diagnosed me as bi-polar when all the real trouble was that I was a teenage girl with ADD.  I would not be exaggerating by saying my years with him were traumatic. Please do not send children to this doctor. He was and is a monster.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	Dr. Schnackenberg has been an answer to my prayer. His treatment has my depression under control. I have found him to me careing, compassonate, patient, listens to me, talks to me and is never condesending. He was recommended to me by one of the leading doctors of internal medicine in Columbia.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	-1	This doctor is insane!  He should not be treating people or animals.  I would not let him treat a pet rock.  He needs ECT. Saw him as a child when parents were going through a divorce.  He talked down to me, let medical students come in against my will, and treated me as if I was nothing.  I am in the field of psychiatry now because I feel like someone needs to treat the patient, not treat patients like crap.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	-1	I was with this doctor for two weeks and i was on meds for about a week and it was 10..but then when i started talking to him he never and i mean NEVER!listen to me or anyone that was there with me...he put my meds t 50..then in a few days he put it to 75 my mind was spinning at that point as i started to talk to him more he went on about how he was in Vietnam as doctor there. he always talked down to me and people around me...my father called to ask about me and and he told my father that he was in Vietnam.....NEVER NEVER NEVER NEVER NEVER NEVER go to him... he is bad with children and adalts 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	-1	How can a psychiatrist who doesn't LISTEN to his patient HELP his patient&#63;  My daughter and I told him repeatedly that she had never suffered mood swings and he repeatedly told us she needed to be on a mood stabilizer to level out her highs and lows due to her mood swings.  Okay . . .  again I ask you.  If he won't listen to his patients, how does he expect to help them&#63;  Did this lack of mood swings not jibe with his diagnosis&#63;  Did he not want to hear it since these supposed mood swings are one of the biggie symptoms of his initial diagnosis&#63;  Beats me. . .  but we are getting another opinion! 	4	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	He has been very helpful in treating me for schizoaffective disorder.  It took some time to find the correct medication, but I now have the right balance.  He is very caring individual.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	-1	He was irresponsible, had his own brand of circular logic, prescribed too much medication, would hide when I came to see my husband, and after 56 days, discharged my husband in a worse state than when he went in. My husband was not mobile and bedridden and it took a year's intensive physiotherapy to get him functioning again. Schnackenberg never listened and always did everything he could to give my husband electro-shock therapy. Even after I told him, &quot;Over my dead body,&quot; he would not take him off the medications, even though he said those were necessary for shock therapy. My husband's right ankle is permanently twisted because Schnackenburg would not put the ankle in a brace. He is not a doctor, and certainly not a sane psychiatrist.  	 3/4/09	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	-1	Prescribed way too much meds.  Had sever reaction to meds and he would never admit it.  Was on 7 different meds under Schnackenberg--changed doctor am now on 2 drugs.  Talked down to me and would not listen at all.  I feel that he has a predisposition to diagnose everyone as bi-polar.  Staff are all idiots particularly his receptionist. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
68	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
68	-1	He was always late and often ended early. He took phone calls during sessions. He was very smart, but did not know how to use &quot;book smarts.&quot; He gave me lot's of drugs that did not work. He yelled at me for not making progress. He did not listen and talked about how great he was. He said I was lucky to have a doctor of his statute. He did not help at all and cost a lot of money. I am so glad that I left him. PLEASE LOOK FOR ANOTHER DOCTOR.  	2	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	-1	Very liberal with meds. Will not listen. Very suspicious as to weather you are taking your meds. If he can't fix you it must because you are non- compliant. I left him for another doctor and have reduced meds from seven to three and am doing fine. Secretary is incompetent. Doctor will never return calls. DO NOT RECOMMEND! 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Schnack is the best. I saw him as a child when parents were going through divorce and as an adult for other reasons. Results are very positive and his feedback really helps. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Dr. Schnackenberg is wonderful, I have been with him since 2004. I am Bipolar and he really has helped me with my problem. I have even taken both my children to him. If you need a great Psychiatrist, try Dr. Schnackenberg, you will not regret it.  :0) 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	Dr. S. is a wonderful Doctor. He saved my life. I suffered from Depression. With ECT and Therapy I am a new person.  I want everyone to know what a great compassionate MD he is! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
68	-1	I was a patient a long time ago. He did not listen, but talked down to me. He over medicated me. After I had a bad reaction to meds he walked away from me. He was very impressed with himself. He was very focused on his hourly rate. He may be a top doctor, but not by my satndards. 		2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
68	-1	Did not adequately explain the long lasting effects of ECT. Did not do follow-up tests to assure ECT was not doing permanent bain damage. Did not do blood work to assure 7 - 10 prescriptions given at each visit would not interact negatively. Did not spend full 15 minutes for drug check appointments. Insisted on doing maintenance ECT even after obvious permanent brain damage had put patient on disability. This doctor may be sincere, but he is sinserely wrong and his actions were dangerous to me.  		3	3	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	-1	In my experience, Dr. Schnackenberg is almost always late, never listens to his patients, prescribes lavishly and is not overly concerned about the welfare of his patients. He does not take nor return phone calls and does not answer questions. He does not embody the characteristics of a good psychiatrist.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	-1	An anomaly was found in my 20wk ultrasound.Although a referral to a specialist was ordered,the anomaly was never mentioned to us.I found out when I received an appointment reminder call from the specialist's office.I called to ask a question about the anomaly and the referral, had to leave a message with a Med Tech and it took a nurse 3 days to call me back.Thankfully,everything is fine,but I lost all confidence I had in the practice.We ultimately chose to change doctors.When I requested my complete records,no attempt was made to find out why I was dissatisfied.  	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Tricare
69	-1	Treated me like I was completely clueless and was wasting her time. Makes you feel like an idiot and that she is just miserable by having to answer questions/actually help.  	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
69	1	I have seen her twice for annual gyn care. Both times she was friendly and polite. I didn't feel like she was rushing at all. She took her time explaining my options and answering any questions I had. I would recommend her to my friends. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	0	Have worked with her professionally and she is frequently cold to the hospital staff 		3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
69	-1	She always gave me the impression that I was wasting her time. She just seemed as though there was somewhere else she would rather be. 		3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
69	-1	My overall experience was not pleasant. She looks down on the patients and makes you feel like your concernes are unimportant. She acts better than everyone, including her staff. 		3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	. he is very caring and wants to help people get better!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	she is definitly the best doctor i've had in charleston. patient, kind, caring and actually listens to your problems, and your needs. She is very down to earth and easy to talk to and trust. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Very understanding and one of the nicest doctors you will every find in the Charleston area!!  She is TOP NOTCH!!  I am a former patient before moving and truly miss having her for my doctor! A+++++ 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	Great Doctor &amp; staff!  This clinic also has the most reasonable prices in SC. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	I've been going to Dr. Sabin since 2004 &amp; I'm very pleased with his skills as a doctor. As a small business owner with major medical insurance &amp; a high deductible, it also helps that he has great cash discount rates! I highly recommend Dr. Sabin! 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	Dr. Sabin is an outstanding doctor.   My wife &amp; I really trust him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
72	1	Dr. Sabin was very knowledgeable, helpful and on time.  He did a good job of answering my questions and explaining things.  His staff was also quite nice.  I was especially pleased that he was able to fit me in without an appointment and his rates were very reasonable.  I would gladly recommend him to others. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	Jorge Sabin is the best doctor I have ever had.  He cares about his patients. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Fantastic experience all around!  Dr. Savatiel takes time to really listen and also to explain what's going on.  The kind of person you want to have coffee with.  :o)  She is gentle, unassuming, and down-to-earth, but also very professional and knowledgeable.  I switched to her from a very c-section-happy practice, and she (unlike the first practice) strongly supported my desire for an intervention-free birth, despite my complicated health and pregnancy history.  My husband is in the Navy, and it makes me sad that I won't be here for the birth of our next child.  I absolutely recommend Dr.  Savatiel! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
73	1	Wonderful OB!  Helps a women achieve the kind of childbirth she wants.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
73	1	Fantastic OB/GYN-she provided me with compassionate, knowledgeable, gentle, prenatal care, and helped me have a wonderful and healing VBAC birth at MUSC. She is a rare bird in her field, actually practicing what she preaches in regards to natural childbirth. She was very  supportive of my choices and empowered me.  I can't say enough nice things about her, and would recommend her very highly! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
73	1	I saw Dr. Savatiel for a yearly exam.  I was impressed by how friendly and down-to-earth she was.  I could ask her questions without her making me feel stupid.  She even says that she doesn't mind communicating via e-mail, which is a real convenience. I would recommend Dr. Savatiel to anyone.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	0	I would feel a lot better about this doctor if she didn't seem to be trying to rush me out to get to the next patient; do not feel I am listed to or she doesn't believe me.  	3	3	2	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
75	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	-1	This doctor needs to retire. He has given me horrible advice on several occasions but I did my research to decide if I needed a second opinion and continued to go to this doctor since I have been a patient for several years. He is moody, severely late for appointments (makes them for 9:00 and on and doesn't even show up at the office until 10 or 10:30.)and makes diagnoses about people's emotional and mental state that I don't know if he is qualified to make. I think he needs to leave such calls to the doctors in that field. I know several people who go/used to go to this doctor and this is a common story.  In all honesty, he has been a good doctor for minor situations but anything that requires new treatments or cutting edge medical knowledge to make a serious call, I would advise others to do what I do, go elsewhere. And what the first reviewer said about his office is true. His hand towels in every room are usually stained and soiled. And there is no privacy.  	4	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	-1	The facility is in an an 1960's or 1970's house. It has not been remodeled. Each patient can hear every word patients in rooms on the other side of him/her is saying. They need to soundproof those rooms. Dr. Sheally made 2 really rude remarks to me. The 1st was about my weight, it was supposedly meant to be a joke. The final straw was when he stated that I looked just like Pinkie Lee. I didn't know I had been insulted, until I got home and Googled the man Pinkie Lee. He was comedian in the '50's. And I think he dressed in drag at times. Now, I went to see Dr. Shealy for my medical problems, not to be told that I &#63; look like Pinkie Lee. After that I have not went back. My mother & father go to Dr. Shealy. I am paying off the remainder of the $ I owe him, and only owe about $40-60 more. What really angers me is the Pinkie Lee &quot;joke&quot;. He has right on my chart that I have severe depression and Bipolorism.  Is it professional or wise to make such statements to someone with these diagnoses &#63; 	2	1	1	3 	Insurance:Medicare
77	0	First visit with him waited 1 hr and then taken for a CT scan ( in the office $$) without even seeing Dr. Scott- very odd practice. Medical staff assistant very sarcastic. I had to wait 2 1/2 hrs to see Dr. Scott. We found out after the fact he was covering for another phsycian who was absent that day- should have been told , I would have rescheduled.  	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Medicare
77	1	I had intensive surgery for a massive cyst growing in my sinuses. But Dr. Scott made the most painful surgery in my life easier. He cares very much for his patients, and was very patient with many family questions. He was respectful, gentle, and very sweet.  (He's easy on the eyes, too!) Great, great doctor! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	-1	i have a dibilatating sinus problem diagnosed differently by everyone.it comes every 2 or 3 years and lasts for 2 or 3 months. over the past 25 years it has cost me jobs and thousands in tests.i finally found annabloic steroids would cure the problem immediately after years of serious pain that sent me to emergency rooms with 24/7 unrelenting pain.the pain was so bad i had 4 teeth removed un-neccessarily in a desperate attempt of relief.dr scott said she didnt believe in steroid relief and began shaking her head no as i began explaining the horrors i had lived with prior to discovering a simple 10 day remedy would releave me for years at the time.she wasnt interested in my past pain,only set to tell me she didnt approve of steroid use for any reason.she was addiment of her stance and uninterested in my plight.she has unsurpassed arrogance and little concern for the details of her patients suffering.i think i heard her call me an idiot after she closed the door but wasnt positive. 	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	specializes in bioidentical hormones.  he does some anti-aging work as well and is knowedgeable about supplements 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	-1	Always running late. Very nice with the kids but always blames current conditions on a VIRUS when they actually had Strep, Bacterial Bronchitis, etc. Always have to see a differant Doctor within 2 days to get proper diagnosis and correct perscriptions.  	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
80	1	She examines the baby ok, but does not seem concerned about his overall development. Doesn't ask many questions about things he does at home (to indicate how his motor skills may be developing, etc) or offer any advice (how to start with solid feedings, safety, etc).  Office staff is horrible!!! 	1	4	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	I had to have a thyroidectomy and Dr. Seybt was very understanding, knowledgeable and helpful.  She explained all the possibilities and was very patient waiting on me.   She is a hands-on type of Doctor with a wonderful sense of humor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	My daughter fractured the growth plate in her ankle and Dr. Santrock treated her.  We had no problems with him in any way.  He was very caring and informative.  He even let her take her stuffed animal into the operating room.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
82	-1	Totally unprofessional especially when he believes you are telling him that HIS procedure didn't work.  Staff at front desk are also most unpleasant and nurse equally so 	2	3	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	-1	Was never seen by Dr. Santrock.  Instead, was shuffled to an assistant. Did not give me the option to see the doctor and medical advice was poor as it did not resolve my medical complication.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
83	1	He is very nice and professional and does the right things. I believe that he is very intelligent and thorough.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	Dr. Scarlett was amazing. He quickly diagnosed me and scheduled a much needed surgery to remove a tonsillar tumor within the same week I was seen. I am more than impressed by his knowledge, professionalism of his staff, and sophistication of his office/equipment. I would definitely recommend him to anyone needing an ent in the charleston area! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	Dr Mark Salley you deserve an award......  Fantastic! Wonderful! Knowledgeable! Understanding! Punctual! I always refer women looking for a great Dr. to him.  Thank you Dr. Sherman for referring me to him 5 years ago.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	Wonderful! Great! Easy to talk to. Been going to Dr. Mark 20+ years and will continue many more years. Highly recommended! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	This Dr. is Wonderful, He has taken very good care of me for 20 yrs now and I will highly recommend him to anyone! He is hard to get into see because he is so popular. Very much puts you at ease and very easy to talk to. A very good listener and takes his time with you.  Love him and his staff! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	Dr. Mark is Great!; the absolute BEST!!! He has been my doctor for the past 10 years and I am just as satisfied now as when I was first recommended to him. He's very personable; professional and he sincerely cares about your health welfare. Several years ago he removed several large fibroids surgically.I felt like a new woman! 100% better. I had so much energy afterwards, I didn't realize how draining the 'fibbers' were. Removal was the right call! During my most recent annual visit, I complained of abdominal pain for the first time in almost 9 years, since the birth of my son and he immediately ordered the necessary labs and tests to investigate the potential malady. Thank God, all was well; but that's just an example of the urgency with which he responds to my health concerns. His staff is very professional as well and keeps highly accurate care of my records.  As I said before he's the best!! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
85	1	When my son was born there were many complications, both with my son and myself. Throughout it all, Dr. Salley was calm and reassuring, handling each crisis easily. I am certain that, had he not been there, I would not have a son today.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	Dr Salley is the BEST! He cares very much about you and will give you as much time as needed. He is an EXCELLENT listener, very gentle, and is always very accomodating. He is very popular and when you meet him you'll know why. He is funny, always professional and always attentive. He makes you feel at ease and that you are a pert of his family.  He has a super office staff and they clearly put patients first! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	Dr. Sharp is an outstanding Cardiologist--he is very friendly and has a great bed-side manner.  He is very punctual and most knowlegeable; providing information so that you are able to understand.  I have had excellent experiences with his associates during a recent hospitalization, as well as with his office staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	Very attentive. Calls patients immediately with test results. Has a large office staff with extensive testing facilities.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	dr schutz is very careing about his patients, and his staff are wonderfullthey help you in any way that they can. in my opinion he is a wonderful doctor.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
88	1	. Wait time a little long but helpful and compassionate 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	0	Dr. Scharstein has been my husband's doctor since my husband was a child. He used to be pretty good; but he has given up on treating my husband and has gone so far as to accuse him of lying and even grab his arm aggressively after telling him that he was faking his condition. I am sick of the way Dr. Scharstein has dismissed my husband's condition as made up, and we will be finding a new doctor soon. 	3	1	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
88	-1	. I was not comfortable while being examined 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	Today was my first visit at the new Wren Family Prac.  Very nice office...very clean...polite staff.  Dr.Seemuller was a great listener and gave good advice...I walked in nervous but left the office relieved. Wonderful doctor and staff.  The lady in the lab was great too. She talked to get my mind off of having blood work...that helped.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	very down to earth and efficient .... highly reccommended 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
89	1	I was told 12 years ago I was a borderline diabetic. I was pit on medicine in 2009. When I went to Dr.Seemuller he did blood work and told me my sigat was elevated but I was not a diabetic. He has sent me papers showing what the test showed I have never got papers from the other doctors. He is very polite and will talk to you and not rush. He will answer your questions. The staff is very nice.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
89	1	Dr. Seemuller is the best...please send him back to Virginia where he belongs and is loved.  M. Doyle 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	Has been helpful and knowledgeable in all my visits 	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	-1	Terrible bedside manner.  Is knowledgable when treating basic ailments, but has a difficult time dealing with any complex issues. 	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
90	0	I was referred to Dr. Saxena by another DR in his practice as I was having chest pains. My first visit I waited 2 hours to be seen. I was given several tests and lab work.  Next visit the wait was just as long &amp; I needed to return to work. More tests that didn't appear to have anything to do with my condition- but he's the Dr., so I went along.  After talking to friends &amp; relatives I realize that many of them are patients of Dr. Saxena and have had similar experiences.  My last visit I waited an hour and half just to be registered and I was fed up!  After being put in a room to wait on the Dr. I walked out &amp; haven't been back.  I've found a better Dr who sees me at my scheduled time &amp; who listens.  	3	1	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	0	Very smart but will not go back. Had an 8am appt, not only was the building not open untill 8:05 but he was was not there until 9:15. Then he only spent maybe 3 minutes (keep in mind this was my first visit so I wanted to talk to him about what was going on) then scheduled my next visit. Next visit was the same way, spent maybe 4 minutes then left the room to answer his cell phone. 3rd visit, never asked my how the medication was working, just told his nurse what to give me. I am done with him. I am a pharmacist so I feel docters should explain medication to their patients and he never once offered an explination (he did not know I was a pharmacist).  	3	1	2	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
90	-1	.  	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
90	1	Seems to be a doctor who loves his job and wants to help his patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
90	-1	I do not recommend this physician at all. You will have to wait at least 2-3 hours in the waiting room (even though the staff is aware that he will not be in the office for several hours), then will spend another hour waiting in the treatment room. When you finally get to see Dr. Saxena, you will spend less than 5 minutes with him. He will brag that he is the world's best &quot;this and that&quot;, how he has the best equipment, and say how precious your life is, but will not once do any type of exam on you. He will then order a bunch of tests for you without any explanation on why you need them. You will never get an explanation on what the results were, and then will just throw a bunch of prescriptions your way. If you ever question him, he will become very upset and irate, and threaten to dismiss you as a patient. DO NOT go to this doctor if you value patient care and would like to feel as if health matters to this man! 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
90	0	I've had to sit in the waiting room for hours then in the exam room for long periods of time.  When Saxena does come in the exam room he might spend a total of 2 minutes, shake your hand, put a stethoscope on your chest, ask you questions then leave, never to return.  His nurses are left to finish out the visit.  If you complain to Saxena he becomes irate and very verbal.  I was in the hospital for 8 days, he was called daily by hospital staff as to when he was coming to assess the patient.  He showed up once, put the stethoscope on my chest and went off on a verbal tyrant as to how important he is and a world renown doctor and then I get a bill of $149.50 for that quick visit!  He brags about having over 4000 patients alone in SC, I can see why his office visits are kept at 2 minutes!  I do believe he's an intelligent man but the other issues outweigh his brilliance.  Medical Board should look into his office methods and unhappy client/patients.  Would NOT recommend! 	3	1	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	Dr Saxena is well versed in many different areas of medicine. Hes able to provide answers about many different illnesses while carefully listening to your concerns. My only complaint is the length of time it takes to get in and out of his office. Everyone is polite, great service, thorough testing, but certainly time consuming.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
90	1	Dr. Saxena is kind, caring, and extremely knowledgeable in numerous areas. I trust my entire family to his care. The wait is sometimes a burden, but the care is well worth the time spent waiting. He tries to answer all questions, does not rush, and actually listens to what  the patient is saying. He then completes the examination and considers everything before making a determination. I hope he will always be the provider for my family. He truly is an amazing doctor.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	0	My step-mother was seeing one of Dr. Saxena's associates who was out of town when refills on meds. were needed. We were told that Dr. Saxena could do that but we would have to come in and see him first. On the visit, he told us that she needed some test ran and they could do them that same day. We thought that it was only going to take about an hour or so. We ended up being there from 10:30 am to 5:30 pm!! The bill came in at around $3000.00 and thank GOD for Tricare!! My step-mother now has a new doctor for her heart and her primary care doctor. I would NOT recommend Dr.  Saxena to anyone!!! 	3	2	3	3 	Insurance:Tricare
90	-1	I waited for 45 minutes in waiting room, then almost 2 hours in a room for the doctor to come in, i was already short of breath so when he finally came in i tried to not let my wait time get in the way of my health problems, but he spoke about 2 sentences then left the room after only five minutes, sending me off for tons of tests and xrays without explaining anything.  I refused to have the test done until he explaned why i needed them and so he told me to make another appointment with him!!!  no way am i going back.  	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	1	Very knowledeable. Ran many tests and got to the bottom of my problems when other doctors could not. I would def. reccomend 		4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	I just had a breast augmentation and although the recovering process is painful and is taking a little longer than I thought, overall I'm happy with my results (only 9 days post op) Dr Sexton is very professional and like others have mentioned, he is very straightforward and to the point...tells it like it is. He is not super friendly, but rather professional and definately knows what hes doing. After my first consulation I had no questions because he went over anything/everything I needed to know. I definitely recommend him! This was my first surgery ever and he made me feel comfortable and I trusted that he would give me the results I wanted. 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Had a tummy tuck and face lift done at the same time.  It was a lot of surgery and a lot of recovery! I am pleased with everything!  Very professional and the off staff is wonderful! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Had a liposuction procedure done by Dr. Sexton.  He did a wonderul job with my surgery.  He operates at Parkridge in Irmo which is an exceptional facility.  He is very &quot;to the point&quot; and is honest about results/expectations.  He is also very professional.  Most importantly, I felt safe throughout the course of my treatment from him and never felt he was taking any unnecessary risks.  If I were to get plastic surgery again (and I don't plan on it!) he would be my choice. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	-1	I would NEVER recommend this doctor to anyone. I will have to have reconstructive surgery to fix the damage he has done. He kicked my family out of his office after cussing at us and calling us stupid.  Because of his negligence I ended up with a staph infection! 	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	1	I would definitely recommend this practice! I have now had a tummy tuck and breast augmentation preformed... Which I did wonderful afterwards thanks to dr. Sexton and his staff. The results were wonderful. I had very little down time. I am a mother of three and had no help after three days with my children and did fine. Katherine and Nancy are great. Very personable, they always give friendly appointment reminders and are very understanding the time I had to reschedule. If I had any questions or concerns they were quick to get me in with Dr. Sexton. He is a wonderful doctor. I Have never felt rushed. He has always been straight forward.... Tells ya like it is and doesn't sugar coat things. Very professional. And I love that. When it comes to your body and health you don't need a doctor feeding you a line of bull just to make money. Anyways :) very happy here! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	I too had an tummy tuck performed on 12/20/10 and my experience through out the entire time has been nothing less than exceptional! I am extremely happy with the outcome, I am on my 7 day post-op, minor bruising, pain medication was sufficient(no issues), and I am seeing him this week to remove the drain.  He is completely thorough in the explanation of the procedure, willing to ask ANY questions that I had, staff was very pleasant, and I will recommend him to anyone for cosmetic procedures! I plan on coming back for a breast augmentation later next year. I already had confiednece with him by what I have been informed of him from three other personal friends that have been happy patients from him as well! I am very thorough on the selection process of anything done surgically. Unsure of the prior review from above, but my recovery has been great, only days of pain I had honestly were the first 3, but I am a mother of twins as well so my pain tolerance may be greater than average:) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Dr. Sexton is such a wonderful Plastic Surgeon. On my first consult he spent almost 2 hours answering questions and showing pictures. Dr. Sexton went over all the information in detail. His work speaks for itself. He pays attention to the smallest details. He never made unrealistic promises. I always felt my overall happiness was his main concern. When I told him my wants he gave me his professional input. He was never pushy or rude. I felt comfortable, and never was made to feel silly or insignificant.  His staff is very nice, professional, and treats you like family. They make you feel as if you are their only patient. If I had a need or question it was answered immediately. I will never go anywhere else. Because of his thorough care instructions and surgery techniques I had no pain. Dr. Sexton is a wonderful, intelligent and professional Plastic Surgeon and the outcome is truly a work of art. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Dr.Sexton is great. He performed my breast augmentation, with great results. Dr.Sexton has made me feel comfortable with each visit to the office,(the staff is great too.)I can't wait for him to perform my next procedure. I would never consider another surgeon. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Dr. Sexton scheduled me for a 1 hr initial appointment and ended up spending 2 hrs to answer all my quesitons and make me feel comfortable about my surgery decision. He and his staff were VERY accomodating and friendly. The whole process was so smooth and I couldnt have asked for anything more. I am so happy with the outcome of my surgery. The cost was well below those of his competitors and I cant imagine going to anyone else now for anything. Thank you so much Dr. Sexton! You are first rate! I'd rather go see him than ANY so called Hollywood Doctor - and probably with better results! Thank you! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Dr. Sexton has performed two surgeries on me and has done an excellent job on both. He is completely dedicated and I highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Knowledgeable surgeon with great bedside manner. Office staff friendly and professional. Excellent prices. Thorough post-op care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	I would totally recommend him because he answered all of my questions and he even beats competitors prices!! Can't get any better than that 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	Dr Shannon takes time to talk to his patients, tells them what he knows and makes sound recommendations.  I would go back to him without hesitation 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
93	-1	Extremely long waits and rushed visits. Dr. Saito does not treat most patients with respect. I was forced to use this BJU clinic as a student/employee and was repeatedly misdiagnosed. Her philosophy was always just take some ibuprofen. She never cared about finding the solution to my health problems. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	If she is running late, it is a good sign that she is being thorough with her patients, like I want her to be with me also.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
93	-1	Very long wait. I went to her for years. She knew I had a problem but just gave me medicine and never diagnosed me with anything. My problem got worse and she finally sent me to a specialist who diagnosed me. Will never go back to her. She doesn't seem to really know much about medicine or she would have sent me to a specialist years ago.  	3	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	-1	Very behind in her medical knowledge - acts as the gatekeeper for keeping BJU's medical costs down. Refuses to send you to a specialist when she doesn't have a clue. She would rather give you drugs, than fix the problems. Also extremely hard to get anyone on the phone and you get the run around.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	1	Dr. Saito has been my physician since 1981, and I trust her with my life! She is always friendly and helpful, she knows what she's doing, and best of all, she will cut to the chase while at the same time being comforting and reassuring. She's the best.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	1	Dr. Saito was helpful and friendly. I had to wait quite a while to see her but she was worth the wait. I've only had one visit but she seems like a reliable person.  	3	3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	1	Dr. Saito is a terrific doctor!  It is obvious she cares for her patients and has been a tremendous help to our family the past 16 years she has been our doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	She's never on time but I feel very comfortable with her. She's very knowledgable and helpful.  	5	2	5	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
93	1	She is very helpful and really listens to you.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
93	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
95	-1	After I went to this medical practice in North, S.C. to check my cholesterol and after being told it will cost me $60 and after they took my blood sample the RMC (Regional Medical Center) in Orangeburg, South Carolina keeps on sending me a bill for over 4300 in addition to the $60 that I paid in advance to the North Medical Center (Dr. Sanders office in North, SC) and after disputing this bill the RMC kept sending me more bills for that single mere cholesterol test! Now the RMC threatened to garnish my wages and to sell my property and to report me to SC DOR to garnish my SC state tax returns! Almost $400 for a mere cholesterol test and no contract no advance notice about the costs involved in a mere cholesterol test&#63; What a rip-off! Every time I went there either my blood and urine samples were messed up and they made severe errors or I am being ripped off and harassed by their extreme bills. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	It was my first visit. Everything went nicely. Well, except (and I believe it was not Doctor's fault) that the blood test turned out to be a machine error (my potassium and electrolytes were showing as way to high) in Orangeburg Hospital and I had to go urgently to an ER to re-test my blood which appeared to be fine after a 2nd test. Doctor in the ER (Emergency Room of Orangeburg Hospital) told me that my blood might have been kept for to long in the hospital before testing it, that's what could be the possible reason of the abnormous results oof the first blood test. After that I've been scheduled for specialists very efficiently and my feedback is all positive. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	-1	Dr. Sexton was my doctor for 4+ years. In 2003, before my vacation to Key West, I went to see him over concern that I was having a reoccurrence of kidney stones. Dr. Sexton insisted that I was mistaken and that I only had simple back pain not kidney stones. He gave me pain medicine and sent me on my trip. Two days later I was in the Key West hospital passing a kidney stone. As soon as I returned from my trip I fired Dr. Sexton and began seeing another doctor in the same practice. I demanded my new GP perform a complete medical review of my file. During the review,  my new GP discovered that Dr. Sexton had mis-prescribed me a prostrate drug (Hytrin) for my HBP. Dr. Sexton had me on an improper drug for 4+ years. I was, and still am, furious over his mistakes. I am now on a proper HBP drug and could not be happier to be away from Dr. Sexton.  	5	4	3	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
97	-1	dHe's always rushed, unknowledgeable, and what I mean is that he does not do an exam related to your problem.  He simply pretends to do a quick overview of whatever body part is bothering you, writes prescriptions without properly refering you to someone else, plus, HE DOES'NT WASH HIS HANDS OR STETHESCOPE.  The medical practice he's parterned with has changed employers 3 times within approximately 5 years'S.  LOOK OUT! HE'S NOW WITH ST. FRANCIS. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	I have been seeing Dr. Saindon for many yrs. He's the first GP I ever saw in SC and he will be the last. I love him to death! He spends as much time with me as I need him to. He always listens and takes my thoughts into consideration. He has the best bedside manner I've ever experienced and never makes me feel bad or uncomfortable. I have asked him directly to prescribe something specific several times, and he has always done it if he believes it is the right course of action. He refers me to other doctors at my request when he can no longer help me. He is almost always able to work me in, even if he's full for the day. His lab staff is the best ever as well! However, his nursing and office staff leave a lot to be desired. I'd still put up with a lot to continue to see him. He called in meds for me when he was not able to see me as well. Just about the best general practioner out there.  My husband goes to him as well and loves him too (and men never like doctors!) HIGHLY recommended!!! 	 11/9/11	3	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
97	1	I LOVE Dr.Saindon-he has been my doctor for over 12 years, he is one of the only doctors that actually takes the time to listen to you,cares about what you say and tries to help you.He is also truly concerned with your financial situation and does not prescribe the most expensive treatment and/or medication.He genuinely cares about your whole family and asks about them when you see him- he is one of the friendliest doctors I know.His treatments and referrals have always worked for my family and me- we have never been displeased with any of them. He does not like to keep patients waiting- he actually triaged me the last time I was there because they were short on Nurses and he did not want me to wait. He once had a nurse that was a tad bit rude, however she did not stay with him for very long.Most of his nursing staff has always been very pleasant and helpful.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	I have been going to Dr. Saindon for 22 years.  He is very kind and takes the time to listen.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
97	1	i have been seing dr saindon for years and he is an excellent doctor. one that truly listens. i just wish he was part of the hospital system i choose to use. still a great doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	Am retired and have Medicare and Blue Cross Blue Shield, my medical expenses remain low.   Dr Saindon is the first doctor I came in contact when I moved to SC from NY and I am totally satisfied with my care!  His staff is so accomodating, truly satisfied! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
97	1	Excellent doctor. He is always able to answer any question you may have about anything medical related. If Dr. Saindon does not know the answer he will seek out the answer for you. My entire family uses Dr. Saindon and every has had a good experience with him. He also has been a great reference and aid in my application to medical school.  He is always willing to help with any illness.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	-1	He was not my doc,he was my sisters. After being diagnosed with terminal cancer this physician refused to see her for pain, nor would he call her anything in. He told her to go to the E.R. and wait. She had not seen the cancer doc for her first visit so we could not call him. My physician had never seen my sister but he was kind enough to see her and give her enough medication until her visit with the oncologist. 	 8/8/06		1	1	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	Excellent doctor. Takes time to listen to your problems, asks relevant and helpful questions. Personable and easy to talk with. A family doctor that you can feel comfortable with. Also very good about scheduling you so that you get treatment/care when you need it and works with you on even small issues. This is how a family doctor should be - knows your history and your specific needs. Highly recommend. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	Great doctor.. very compassionate and truly cares 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	1	Dr. Satterfield has been my doctor for a couple of years now.  She is a very good listener and never makes me feel rushed.  She is smart and good at explaining what is going on.  I have a lot of confidence in her.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	1	Dr Sattefield seems to listen to her patients well and is effective. However, the staff is unfriendly and unhelpful, particularly when a patient needs to be seen for an urgent health problem.  I recommend finding a friendlier office if that is important to your treatment.  	1	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	1	Dr Satterfield is very sweet and a good listener but tends to prescribe meds that do not exist in the strength written, are not generic when she thinks they are or are VERY expensive non-generic drugs.  The whole practice seems to prescribe the LATEST, MOST EXPENSIVE, NON-GENERIC drug on the market for any condition (ex. cough medicine that is $45 WITH insurance when generics are typically $10 with insurance).  Front office staff is not particularly pleasant.  	1	3	5	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	1	Susan is a very good doctor.  Her bedside manner is excellent. She listens well and spends the necessary amount of time for a diagnosis.  My husband and I are both very pleased with the level of service we receive.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	-1	i was very unhappy with the way she *did not* treat me nor was she helpful at all. I would not recommend her to anyone. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
100	-1	any time and money you waste on this doctor is just that, a waste. He put a spinal cord stimulator on me that fell off the same night and when I went for a follow up visit, called me a liar and said I pulled it out of my back. I listened to that for about a year (being called a liar over the same thing) during which time two of his patients died who had the same procedure done and then I left.  If hes a doctor the woods is full of em! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
100	-1	. I have never met a dr as UNCARING% AROGANT as this one~&quot;Quote&quot;I can only treat one thing at a time&quot;Last count i had my back is bad in 3 places so he focuses on the lest affected~After being told i had ibs he gave me meds that made me sick!!~Jumped thru all his so called hoops~His own staff told me he was difficult to work for~Ive wasted my money and currently looking for another dr~Very quick to do outpatient epidurals{they make him more money}Dont waste ur time the remarks are true on this forum!!!HIS FEET ARE WEBBED!! 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
100	-1	Horrible.  Rude.  UNCARING!  I would not recommend for any reason, EVER!..I found another PM physician in Greenville, SC.  Wonderful!!!Also, facility is not very clean and staff is rude as well.  Very unprofessional in my opinion.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Workers Comp
100	-1	Overbearing Doctor. Did not listen to my concerns. Never gave option for treatment. I.E, first doctor that I have ever been to that did not leave the determine procedure up for me to decide. Highly pressured me to have a procedure that I was not willing to undergo at that time. Only doctor that I have been to that ever said &quot;trust me&quot;. Most, or nearly all doctors inform you of what services they do and recommend a treatment and let you consider and decide. This doctor did not recommend and leave the decision to me. He made the decision and pressed it similar to a salesman. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
100	-1	Blelnt, time mangement is so poor, it is off the charts.  Arrogant! DOES NOT ALLOW patient to ask questions. Doess snot explain diagnois or purpose of medication prescribed.  Prescribes narcotic drugs without explaination.  Follow-ups and getting records from him are torture! He flatly refuses to forward medical records and to release patients from his care in a timely manner!!!  Numerous requests have to be made. Feel he is a Medicaid &quot;procurer&quot;.  His patient room are filthy and so is the waiting room.  Treatment room is nasty and outdated. His attitude is that he is superior and the patient is very &quot;privileged&quot; to have him as a doctor. He ran VERY late for ALL of my appointments. The first apointment which I had, his office had &quot;no record&quot; of same.  I could go on and on.....the bottom line is, I AM NO LONGER A PATIENT. Wish me luck in getting my medical records. 	3	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
100	-1	After Insurance paid its part--billing only took about 4 months to get their records straight, but co-pay is still under question.  Dr. Shanbhag was curt and had a poor bedside manner.  After the first visit and about a 3 hour wait to be seen, I refused to return for followup.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
100	1	He seemed truly sincere and wanted to help find the true cause of my pain.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
100	-1	Very rude & unprofessional. Has been a total waste of my time & money. He has not helped me in the least. 		3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
