dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	. very nice helpful exxelent bed side mannersvery knowledgeable wil highly recamend to anyone/friends/famil 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
2	1	Dr. Nesbitt seemed very capable and had a good bedside manner with patient but was rude to me, his wife.  His office staff is wonderful. However, his personal nurse that follows him around is an absolute nutcase.  He really needs to ditch her and polish his attitude just a hair and then he would be a great doctor.  He seems to be a great surgeon but could use a little people skills perfecting.  But overall he did a good job for my husband surgically.  	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Good Kids Doctor. He is great with children. Goofy would be a great word to describe him. Answers questions honestly and in full.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	-1	 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
4	0	dr nestor seems to want to treat problems that are clearly out of her realm. i had slightly high BP 130/85 and she wanted to put me on BP meds. i went to a cardiologist (respected) and he told me that yeah my BP was elevated but he didnt see why i should be on BP meds at this time. my elevations didnt warrant being on the meds just yet, and try to change my eating habits for now. dr nestor also tends to not listen very well about what your problem is. and if you have more than 1 sypmtom she will only pay attention to the 1st one you name and ignore the rest. so if i have swollen feet and nose bleeds, she will tend to listen to the swollen feet and ignore the nose bleeds...very irritating. although she is a nice person her lack of attetion or caring overcomes her personality.  	4	3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	0	Very patient and takes her time.  But dissappointed she brushed off severe leg pain. If I had not insisted to look further,  I would not have been refered to a specialist. I have been diagnosed with a chronic and painful disease. Also, Cumberland practice treats their practice like a clinic.  It is hard at times to get into see Dr. Nestor; they ask if you will see another doctor or the nurse practicioner. Not good medicine in my opinion.  But I personally like her.  A shame I have lost a lot of confidence. 	3	5	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Doctor is very knowledgable and very much patient oriented. He explains medical terms so that anyone could understand them. He is kind and caring. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	Twice had to wait 10 days for tests results with staff informing us he was busy in cath lab..&#63;&#63;  Didn't have time to look at tests results and not keep patient waiting anxiously&#63;&#63; 	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
6	0	terminated me as a patient because I lost my insurance and could not pay up front.  	1	1	1	5 	Insurance:Assurant
7	0	I had three surgeries by this doctor and NONE of these surgeries were successful. When I complained of severe pain he just blew me off. His answer for everything was that I need more physical therapy.   I finally had to go to another doctor who was shocked that he missed so much. I would not recommend this doctor to anyone. 	2	1	4	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Dr.NAsh performed back surgery on me about 4 years ago and I have been so much better!!  His staff was very friendly to me and I cant compliment him enough.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	-1	he done two surgurey on my shoulder and never fixed the problem, I asked him to do another x-ray he refused, said he'd done every thing he could do. went to another dr. he said he would not have beleived I'd had the operation if he had not seen the medical records, he went in and cut the collar bone off and took out the spurs, which is what dr. nash said he did. bones do not grow back. I'D NEVER USE NASH AGAIN AND WOULD URGE OTHERS NOT TO HE HAS CAUSED ME ALOT OF PAIN, AND 3 OPERATIONS ON MY SHOULDER. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	I have gone to Dr. Nash for different &quot;ailments&quot; for about 7 years. He is THE MOST CARING doctor I have ever gone to in my entire life. He is EXTREMLY knowledgeable, has a wonderful, helpful staff and treats you like you were his own family. Even when he is doing surgeries he has done before, he has been known to go back and research them it, just to check on new and best practices. He is warm, listens and is never in a rush (which is why he runs behind). THe first time I went I had to wait a while, but trust me, he was worth the wait. I have reccomended him to several folks, and trust him in all he does. I can not praise him enough. It is interesting to note, too , that nurses who work with him at hospitals praise him as well, so he is well thought of by people who have to work with him. Great doctor.  		2	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
8	1	awesome doc, very knowledgeable, great bedside manners 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Dr.Nowak is interested in her patients.She takes time to listen to your questions and concerns. She explains very clearly all treatments. Gives quality care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	dr. nelson was the most helpful and most knowledgeable of any dermatologist i have seen in several years of dealing with a rare and severe skin condition. his staff was great also as far as pleasantness and efficiency. i would highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
10	1	DR. Nelson has been my dermatologist for a longtime. I came from Vanderbilt with him. He is always on top of my needs and keeps in touch with my many other doctors that help keep me going. I have several serious problems including pyodermagangrenosum that started from a brown recluse bite and he has followed me through all of it and treated me appropraitely. He is always willing to work me in if I get worse. Dr. Nelson is very Knowlegeable in all the skin issues I have but the clotting disorder I did develop from the spider bite. He has even gone to the trouble of making sure when I was in the hospital in Tullahoma that he got them my records on what all he was dealing with and worked with the doctors there. I would definately reccommend him as a physician to anyone. His staff has always been as helpful as he is. I have nothing  but good things to say about him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
11	1	Outstanding physician. Very kind, compassionate, really listens to you. I felt he truly cared about me as a person. Have complete confidence in his skills and clinical judgment.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
11	1	The most extraordinary Doctor I'm ever likely to have. Thorough, knowledgable, steadfast, attentive, involved, caring &amp; personable. We even like each other! Absolutely the best.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
11	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Best Oral pro Ive had in awhile! I wish he could be my fulltime dentist! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	Not helpful or thorough. He is very short and unable to complete work in a timely fashion. He seems to treat people bad.  		2	2	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
13	1	. Excellent staff , Lindsey has excellent skills  if I had any teeth left I would go back 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
14	1	Dr Nowell spent considerable time with me and was very through.  Seems very knowledgeable.  Would reccommend to family and friends.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Dr.Nowell is a very caring dr.He takes his time with you and explains in depth what you need to know.If he doesn't know, he will send you to someone who does.Also,luckily was a pharmacist and if you need to get a compound drug he can send you to a pharmacy that still does compounding.He is a very caring individual and we were very fortunate to get him for our family dr.While sometimes you have to wait I personally don't mind because I happen to think that if he's taking time with that patient and they need it then he would also take that time with me.Thanks Dr.Nowell for everything!!You're great and staff is great as well.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	0	Ignored my concerns and ignored reports from other physicians.  	5	3	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Dr. Nowell is a very caring physician and takes his time to address your medical needs. I am so happy I have found him. He is extremely knowledgeable.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Dr. Nowell is very qualified, and knows his medicine as well as his pharmaceuticals.  He checked and double-checked medications he prescribed for me (as well as any OTC meds) due to the fact that I was pregnant at the time.  I appreciated his extra concern for the health of my unborn baby.  He does, however, have one office person (a blonde woman) who is an absolute SNOT.  This is inconsistent with Dr. Nowell's friendly, caring disposition.  I will not go back to him as a PCP as long as this woman is in the front office.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
14	-1	Asked the doctor to send my prescriptions to another pharmacy  HE REFUSED.  He required me to use the pharmacy HIS BROTHER OWNS.  Is this legal&#63;&#63;&#63; 	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Walker is an outstanding doctor and a wonderful, caring person. His medical knowledge is impressive and he explains things in great detail. He always has time to listen to his patients. Walker is the best doctor I have ever had.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
14	1	I really like and respect Dr. Nowell.  I am currently in treatment for Acute Leukemia and am also a registered nurse.  As you can imagine I have seen a lot of doctors over the last two years.  I changed my PCP to Dr Nowell because my previous PCP does not admit to the particular hospital I prefer.  A friend recommended Dr Nowell.  I am sooooooo glad.  I have had several visits with him at this point and each visit I felt he really cared about my medical issues and also wanted to keep abreast of my chemotherapy treatments.  He and my onocologist have had execelent communication.  My quality of life has improved thanks to some medication changes and adjustments Dr Nowell made.  THANK YOU DR. NOWELL.  My husband has also changed to Dr Nowell.  He is currently running test to diagnose and treat a symptom my husband has had for 3 years...Dr. Nowell is the first MD to take his complaints seriously.   I would recommend Dr Nowell to anyone!  He knows his stuff! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
14	1	Was concerned of getting a &quot; just a Doctor &quot;.Was very impressed with him. Makes you feel like he is part of you r life and will do all to make sure you are well taken care of. He helped point out things and tests that need to be checked that no other Doctor had ever cared to look into.I thank the Lord for leading me to this Doctor.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
14	1	I have a lot of health issues and been to a # of doctors. It is very  hard to find one that treats you like a respectful person and listens . You are just not another account #  to this doctor. He is very smart and a great bedside manner. He reminds me of how doctors used to be. He wants to correct you problem instead of just treat it and cover it up for repeats visits. I would ref this doctor to anyone. I feel blessed to have found a doctor who is still a reg joe..  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
14	-1	I have quit going to Dr Nowell.He acts knowledgeable,but as time went on,he is revealed.Over time,Ifound many instances he was completely wrong(per specialists).Ifound he would be excellent in a clinic(colds,flu).He always seemed rushed and on time limit.Also I could never get get him to call in prescriptions in a timely manner-I would have to call several times.  	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	This doctor is one of the few that actually takes time to listen to your concerns. He does not interrupt me or discount my concerns. I am a nurse and I know how important this skill is in order to accurately diagnose and care for a patient. That is just one of the many reasons I chose him as my doctor. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Walker is one of the few Dr.s left out there that still treat thier patients like patient and not a number that is on the AR report.  I have gone to Walker for everything from common colds to heart issues and have always gotten the same caring attention every time.  It is sometimes a bit hard to get in to see him, but this is simply a testiment to his sucess.  I recently moved to TX from TN and was concerned about finding a new physician in the area - Dr. Nowell not only did a search for me in the area of acquaintences, but assured me that in the interim, I could still call him with any needs I might have until I found a new Dr.   I will truly miss him!!! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
14	1	We feel very lucky to have such a caring Doctor! When he walks into the room the first thing out of is mouth is &quot;how are you, what's going on&quot; and then you get a handshake. There truly are no &quot;stupid&quot; questions when it comes to Dr. Nowell. He has always taken time with us when we have needed it. He stays right on top of new technology. He also has no problem with sending you to a specialist for a second opinion. Thanks Dr. W. for all your help! We really wish more Doctors were like you.  	 4/28/07		4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	I found Dr. Nowell to be very attentive.He is very knowledeable and on the cutting edge of medicine.My husband and I could not be more satisfied with his service.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	.  		3	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
14	0	Dr. Nowell seems to be knowledgeble for general issues. My complaint is he rushes you in and out and always acts like he's in such a hurry and that he has better things to do. He's very ansy and will leave you sitting in a little room while you still having answers. He's done but you're not.  		3	3	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
15	1	Excellent staff, very concerned about my health. Very satisfied with my care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	-1	Takes half a day to see the doctor.  She overbooks and keeps you waiting.  She was not helpful with my medical condition at all.  I won't see her again. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	i thank she is a very good doctor, i don't know why she is not on this list.  margaret waddell 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
16	1	DR. NEBLETT IS THE BEST OBGYN DR IN MEMPHIS IF YOUR LOOKING FOR ANSWERS AND A GREAT DR W/ AWESOME BEDSIDE MANNERS HE IS YOUR GUY! THANK YOU FOR MAKING MY LIFE BETTER! 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
16	1	This man is an absolute blessing from God. He is a humble, humorous, extremely intelligent, kind &amp; knowledgable physician who has the ability to make anyone feel at ease. Any doctor that gives out his cell phone # to his patients has to love what he does &amp; who he is treating. Thank you kind sir for deciding late in life to practice medicine.  We are all eternally grateful!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
16	1	Dr neblett is by far the most amazing doctor I've ever seen. When I was pregnant, I had experienced a lot of 'non caring, rude' obgyns.. &amp; then I researched dr neblett on the Internet and saw he was very highly rated.. So the first time I went to him, I KNEW he was the doctor I would stick with. He was so kind, and actually cared about me within a few mins of talking to him.. He always made sure I was okay, &amp; there was never a question left unanswered. He didn't mind taking his time talking to me which was a huge diff in what I've experienced w doctors. I honestly miss going to him every week throughout my pregnancy. He has just the best bed side manner &I; would recommend him to ANYONE! He delivered my baby boy 3 weeks ago via c section, (which I was put completely to sleep bc of my spinal problems) && dr neblett held my hand until I was asleep. So sweet:) I honesty can't say enough good about him!! He is amazing. And TRULY CARES! Go see him! You won't be disappted.  Love you dr neblett 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
16	1	Dr. Neblett has truly added a huge amount of perspective into my life during and after pregnancy. I am a natural worrier and he seems to be a natural pacifier. Pretty much letting me know at any time that the range for what is &quot;normal&quot; as a healthy woman is pretty huge. Wonderful doctor. I couldn't recommend him more highly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
16	1	Absolutely WONDERFUL !!! I would not ask him to change a thing. Has the best bedside manner. Talks to you so you can understand, and does not use all the medical terms that are over our heads. (Explains so we can undestand). He is also my daughters doctor too, So if I can trust him to my daughter (who is 20 yrs old) that should say it all. He just has a way with his patients that you can not get just any where especially these days. Would recommend him to any body. Nurses are great and they work together really well.. Can only say &quot;Love you Dr. Neblett&quot;            Thanks for everything..                 Love you in Dyersburg 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
16	1	Dr. Neblett is the absolute best!! He is my favorite of all Dr.s I have ever been to see . He listens, he is helpful and most off all he will do what he can to help you no matter what. He has made a HUGE difference on how I view Dr's!! He will never rush you or (like most Dr.s), ignore what you have to say. He always looks out for the best interest of his patients. Amazing , Amazing, AMAZING Dr.  I recommend him to anyone!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Best OBGYN I have EVER been to. He is absolutely wonderful and encouraging.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
16	1	HE'S THE BEST OBGYN I EVER HAD. I LOVE THIS MAN. HE HELPS ME WITH ANY QUESTIONS I ASK EVEN IF IT DOESN'T INVOLVE HIS FIELD. HE SENT ME TO SPECIALIST AND I HADN'T HAD 1 ISSUE SINCE. I TELL HIM I LOVE HIM ALL THE TIME. SO HERE IT GOES...I LOVE YOU, DR. NEBLETT FOR BEING THE GREATEST DR. IN MEMPHIS,TN.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
16	1	Best Doctor I have ever been too, staff kind of moody sometimes, but who loves their job i guess&#63; But Dr.Neblett is a great Dr, he always listens, and if you call with an emergency and need to see him, they always work you in! and they give you free samples! which can help out sometimes! he is very understanding and actually tries to listen, he doesnt talk over you, he actually listens to your concerns.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Dr. Neblett is a kind and very compassionate Doctor.  As long as I am withing driving distance I will be his patient. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Dr. Neblett is WONDERFUL!! I have moved around several times in the past few years and he is the best I have tried. He is attentive and takes his time. He really makes you feel like your needs and questions are important. His nurse is also wonderful.  I highly reccommend him to anyone looking for a fabulous, caring ob/gyn! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
16	1	I've been a patient of Dr. Neblett foralmost a year now. He's very honest, comforting and has a great sense of humor. He's very knowledgeable in his field-definitely a true professional.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	I love Dr. Neblett! He is the best doctor I've been to in any field. He even helped my husband to feel more comfortable. I always tell everyone how great and &quot;cool&quot; he is.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
16	1	Dr. Neblett is without a doubt the best doctor I have ever been to.  He is generous with his time, thorough, comforting, and leaves his patients with a sense of peace.  I referred my sister-in-law to him, and he pointed out that he was concerned with a mild swelling in her neck.  He told her to get it checked out immediately.  It turned out to be Hodgkins Lymphoma.  Other doctors were able to treat her cancer successfully due to his quick intervention and he saved her life by attending to something that wasn't even in his field.  All doctors should aspire to be like Dr.  Neblett 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Dr. Neblett is one of the best doctors I've ever had.  He's got great bedside manner and always makes me feel comfortable.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Dr. Neblett is a wonderful doctor.  He was knowledgeable and reassuring.   He made me feel completely confident in his abilities.  He is the best doctor I have ever had, including all other fields of medicine. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	This is the best M.D. in the city. He is very sincere, takes his time to answer questions & has great bedside matter.  His staff loves him and he makes you feel like he is working for you 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
16	1	Dr Neblett is a wonderful doctor! He is very kind and sincere! He is also a very knowledgable doctor and I would recommend anyone to visit him. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	I cannot say enough good things about Dr. Nims.  I have been going to Dr. Nims for several years and she has delivered both my children.  She did a great job both times.  I had an appointment with her recently and she was the first doctor   who actually took the time to explain to me how she planned to address my problem.  Dr. Nims and her staff have always been very kind to me and her office feels very professional.  I would recommend Dr. Nims to anyone and I have done so in the past to my family and friends.  	 7/22/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	I have seen Dr. Nims for several years and I have always found her to be very helpful and caring.  You always get the feeling that she is going to do everything she can to make sure that nothing is missed.  I had a follow up with her recently and her office staff could not have been more helpful.  I went to her with my last pregnancy and I was very impressed with how she handled the whole pregnancy.  I always felt she was keeping track of how I was doing and that she cared.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	I had a good experience with Dr. Nims during both my pregnancies.  With my most recent pregnancy there were a few complications and she worked very hard to make sure everything was addressed and she kept me informed all along the way.  She has always been very kind and honest with me.  She was great when it came time for delivery with both of my kids.  Her office staff has always been friendly and helpful to me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Dr. Nims is a great doctor.  She was very kind and patient with me.  She listened to my problems and took time to discuss the options and to explain why certain things were important.  She delivered my last child and it was a wonderful experience.  She was really there for me when I delivered.  She could not have been more professional.  I had some complications with my pregnancy and she stayed right on top of every situation.  I always felt like she was looking out for me and was determined not to miss any little thing that could go wrong.  Her staff was very good and polite.  I have a lot of friends who have seen her for a long time and they cannot say enough good things about her.  I would recommend her to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	0	Dr. Nims is incredibly RUDE. I chose her based solely on how close she was to my work and home and because I prefer a female gyno. This proved to be a hard lesson learned - I should have done more research. While knowledgeable, her bed-side manner is very poor. If you're looking for a personal experience, she would NOT be the doctor for you. She tends to be a little rough with &quot;that&quot; area. As a woman, I thought she would be a little more sensitive, because this is generally not an appointment most women look forward to. I confided in her about weight concerns and I felt she was very judgmental and condescending in how she responded to me. I'm a size 14 and 5'8&quot; and she called me obese and told me how to maintain a size 6 as she apparently has. I have never felt so disregarded as a PAYING patient. I will NEVER return to this doctor.  HOWEVER, I thought her nurse was very nice and it was the only redeeming part of the visit.  	4	4	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	0	I first want to say that Nims staff was wonderful, friendly, helpful, and a joy to be around ( Jen ), they truly made my visit :) She is truly bless to have them. My experience with Dr. Nims was a hard one, she is not a friendly person, several times I left her office in tears or close to them. She seemed to be a very bitter person from my experience. She was not all bad, she is a very smart woman who knows what she is doing, she is very confident in her ability and knowledge and experience, she is NOT gentle though. This is my advice to any one considering Dr. Nims, if you are sensitive, emotionally and physically, she would not be a wise choice. However if you are just looking for  an experienced doctor who does what is best for you and your baby   I would say that she might be a possibility for you. I will not be going back to Dr. Nims myself.  I hope that this was helpful :) 	5	3	1	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	-1	Rudest doctor alive! She made me feel like a horrible person for being pregnant at 19. I transferred to another doctor immediately.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	1	I adore Dr. Nims and everyone who was on her staff while I was pregnant. Enough so that I asked her Nurse, Jennifer to be there with me while I gave birth. Dr. Nims was always very respectful to me and extremely nice and corrected wrong information about test results I had gotten from my first OB. I would easily recommend her to any of my friends or family. I never had a long wait and her first concern was always me. Not everyone will have this advantage but the day I was induced I was her only patient so I was extrmely lucky to have her full attention. She's great, I couldn't have asked for a better woman to deliver my son.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
17	-1	The first thing she said to me is that I need to consider gastric bypass. This was her FIRST comment to me. This of course was after waiting 3 hours PAST my appt time. She then spent more time telling me that she is a &quot;size 8&quot; then she did examining me and finding ways to help me. She told me that I was morbidly obese and that she would not help me if I ended up pregnant. I had originally gone to see her because we were thinking about starting a family. I am overwieght (NOT MORBIDLY!) and had started weight watchers the month before which I have been very successful with. My primary care doctor has had a discussion with me about my weight and suggested that weight watchers be best for me. My promary care has known me for over 4 years too. &quot;Dr&quot; Nims had JUST met me. I met with a differnt ob/gyn the following week and had told her my experience with &quot;Dr&quot; Nims without mentioning a name, she knew EXACTLY who I was talking about! She is a terrible doctor and worse human being.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	I am so glad that I was referred to Dr. Nelson. He is very kind and has at least figured out why I've had the various problems that I thought were independent of each other all these years. I am very grateful to him, and would recommend him to anyone. The staff is always friendly. I've never had to wait for more than a few minutes. He doesn't talk down to you but he talks straight to you. I like that. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	I had an apt for Monday August the 24th I called to change my apt.  my mother was in the hospital had a mini stroke and artery blockage  I was going to move her to his practice . Well on the 24th when I called to reschedule they said I could not reschedule due to I owes $40 gave me the number to take care of this so my father called,took care of $40. they had a cancellation Friday the 28th of August12 noon. I over slept they are saying I had 2 no shows the only no show was today Friday the 28th and I would have had everything under control if they would have worked with me on Monday the 24th but the manager could not unpinch to let me bring in the $40 i OWED SINCE I WOULD BE COMING INTO THE OFFICE ANY WAY. I have done nothing but suffer these 2 past years suffering lost my full term still born daughter and pregnancy induced heart failure.My body turning on itself 26 diagnoses 53pills a day just to stay alive,on oxygen and try to keep a smile on my face  for my other 2 children.  	 8/28/09	1	3	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	His bedside manner is wonderful! I was in shock to find such a kind and understanding Neurologist. He does not over medicate or talk down to you. I recommend this Doctor to everyone who wants to be treated great by a caring and educated neuro. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Dr. Nelson's been our family physician for 12 years, well before her current location at medical director at Harbor of Health.  She's outstanding, caring, a great listener and the most competent physician in our city, in my opinion.  She delivered my child and will remain our doctor for as long as she practices in Memphis.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
19	1	Great staff. The only negative is they do not take appointments which can make it difficult to get off from work; however I have always been able to get in when I need to and I have never have to wait long to see the doctor.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
20	1	Copper Newman cause my cervical cancer cells just in time. She removed all the cells and they where very close to being cancer. I love her dearly and would never even think of going to another female Dr. She is kind and has the biggest heart out of any person I have ever meet in my life. She is awesome.  Been with her for 7 years now and plan to stay till she retires! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	There is no dr in the world better than copper.  This woman loves her patients,  hugs u as she sees u and even in public like you're her best friend.   I wouldn't recommend any other dr ever!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	Dr. Newman is a wonderful, caring doctor. While I was having my baby she sat in my room and worked with me to keep me from having a C-Section. Most doctors would have probably took me to have a C-Section and then went to bed for the night. She sat up with me till 4:41 a.m. and delivered my baby. I love Dr. Newman and her staff and would recommend her to anyone.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	I LOVE Dr Newman! She is the best! Very sweet, caring and knowledgeable! She does sometimes run late, but she apologizes with a hug! I feel VERY comfortable with her.  She is just awesome! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
20	-1	Will not go to this practice as the reception staff is completely rude, and basically mean/no compassion. Tried to make an appointment and they were absolutely mean, poor customer service. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Best Doc in town.  She is absolutely wonderful!  Would recommend her to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	Dr. Newman is by far one of the best if not the best OB/GYN's in Chattanooga.  She is caring, knowledgeable.  She takes as much time as you need to speak with her regarding questions or concerns.  She makes you feel like you are the only patient even though there may be a waiting room full of women waiting to see her.  I am so thankful to have her as my doctor for the last 3 years.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	HANDS DOWN THE BEST DOCTOR(OF ANY SPECIALTY)THAT I HAVE EVER BEEN TO!! THERE AREN'T WORDS TO DESCRIBE WHAT A CARING, KNOWLEDGEABLE,& PERSONABLE DOCTOR SHE IS!! SHE TRULY MAKES YOU FEEL AS IF YOU ARE HER ONE & ONLY PATIENT, YET IT'S OBVIOUS THAT SHE IS SO OVERLOADED W/ PATIENTS B/C IT IS SOMEWHAT DIFFICULT TO GET IN AS HER PATIENT(SHE IS BOOKED OUT SO MANY MONTHS).I HAVE BEEN TO HER TWICE & I HAVEN'T EXPERIENCED THE WAIT TIME THAT OTHERS HAVE...I'M SURE MY TIME WILL COME. MY 15-YR-OLD DAUGHTER HAS BEEN TO HER FOR HER FIRST EVER GYNO VISIT & WHAT A BLESSING! COPPER'S PERSONALITY IS JUST VERY CALMING & MY DAUGHTER LOVED HER. COPPER IS SO KIND THAT IT'S JUST UNREAL.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
20	1	I have been a pt of Dr. Newman for 4yrs now and I am so impressed with her! I had been to several GYNs and no one took the time to figure out what was wrong with me. After spending 15mins with me she had a game plan and possible diagnosis... which turned out to be accurate. She always makes me feel valued and non-problematic to her. When she comes into the room you feel like you are her only pt in the whole world! She takes the time to go over ALL options and weigh them out with you. She also worked with me as funds were tight while I was in school and barely had any money to spare. I have recommended her time and time again and each person that has followed my advise swears they will never leave unless she does! That is how great she is! She is also incredibly smart and up to date on current medications and procedures.  I highly recommend other Doctors taking lessons from her! She is very booked though so time is an issue, but she is worth it and she tries to make up for it! I love her 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	I have absolutely fallen in love with Dr. Newman.  She is the kindest, sweetest doctor I have ever met.  She made both my husband and me feel comfortable through a fairly difficult pregnancy.  We have recommended her to other couples and we all agree that she is incredible.  The only negative is that her appointments are SIGNIFICANTLY overbooked.  As a result, it is not uncommon to wait 60-120 minutes to see her, even if you are the first appt in the afternoon.  This has been a constant frustration.  However, once she walks into the room, all of the anger melts away and you are glad (again) that she is your doctor. 	3	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Dr. Namey is very efficient &amp; through.  I can't thank him enough for his treatment &amp; thoroughness.  He is intelligent &amp; know exactly what his is doing.  My own personal physician which walks in the room ask how are you &amp; out within 5 minutes &amp; is not as through as Dr. Namey.  Dr Namey checks me &amp; talks with me explains to me what is going on with my arthritis.  Also is helping to slow down the progress of my arthritis.  When the last rheumatologist I had went to just wanted to put injections in me.  Which did not help at all.  Bottom line is I trust Dr Namey completely.   I drive five hours down to see him &amp; five hours back home.   And it is totally worth it.  I can not thank him enough.  I wish more Drs were like Dr Namey.  Thanks so much for your help.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	-1	Finally got a diagnosis, but after that he wouldn't listen to symptoms I was having.  After a 30lb weight gain in 2 months, he told me to&quot;put down the cake&quot;, and I was probably bi-polar.  I have Hashimotos, and was given too large of a dose of liothyronine.  I now see a REAL endocrinologist, and she is wonderful.  even if I just need to chatter a little bit,she listens.  	1	2	1	3 	Insurance:Humana
21	-1	I saw Dr. Namey for a little over 2 years. I did not have a good experience with him.  He gave me a different diagnosis possibility each visit and put me on multiple medications that really weren't needed.  He did not listen at all.  I finally tried a different doctor and was amazed at the difference.  	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
21	1	Mostcomprehensive doctor I have been to, and I have lived in major cities, Boston, LA, etc., being an newcomer to Knoxville.  His knowledge is enclyopedic. He is, somewhat a showman, but deservably so.  Very likeable.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
21	-1	My opinion is this guy is a total moonbat.  Wrong diagnosis, at least from what he told me.  He didn't give me anything in writing.  Examing room looked like a pig pen.  Dirty as heck, pillows laying in the floor, magazines stacked like a paper drive and many fallen on the floor.  He make me pay, then billed insurance for the appointment I paid for as well as one I canceled two weeks in advance.  Also refused to tranfer extensive and expensive bloodwork to another physician.  Still waiting on a refund.  Insurance company is investigating.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	-1	. I have been to Dr namey for two apointments now dont feel he listens when you try to tell him meds are not working and have left 2 messages with his front desk about meds/side affects he will not return calls 	1	2	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	This is not a revolving door office.  Dr. Namey actually spends quality time with you. He is extremely knowledgeable in many interconnecting strands of medicine which makes his diagnosis more accurate.  He is very straightforward. I have been very impressed.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Office is in a complete state of disarray. Sharps container over flowing, charts laying every where. The man may know his stuff, but in looking around his office is does not leave one feeling very confident.  First impressions mean everything! 	3	2	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	0	Not sure abou the doctor. Called with a referral that the offic staff who answered the phone sounded about 200 years old.  Said they would get back with me to schedule an appointmet and never heard from them again. 	1	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
21	0	He seems to know his stuff - but he does not listen to you if you do not agree or if you have a reaction to the medication.  He is not friendly nor does he have a good bed side manner.  	4	2	2	4 	Insurance:Aetna
21	1	dr namey is very knowledgeable.i went for several years my reg md disreguarded my symptoms dr namey is stright with you his nurse that takes your blood for test the very best.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Diagnosed a rare skin conidition assictaed with my arthritis and Crohn''s disease. 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	My visit with Dr. Ndabahaliye was extremely pleasant.  She was extroardinarily knowledgable and addressed all of my concerns. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	He listens to you and he is very through in finding the problem... His knowledge helps the patient get relief from their problem.. He does not stop until he gets the problem fixed.. he does not just hand you off to another MD.. He stays involved.  Others  need to learn from him..  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	He is my family doctor and has saved my life also. He caught my lung cancer, stage 3B, just in time. I am still living 4 years after the treatments were completed at Erlanger Hospital. He was one of ten doctors, who were honored here in Chattanooga, Tn. on Mar. 30th, 2009 by the Chattanooga/Hamilton County Medical Society for Outstanding Service to patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
23	1	I have been going to Doctor Naik for over 10 years, and he is the best in the Chattanooga area. He is very knowledgeable and listens every time I go for a check up or some other problem. If I need medication he always makes sure that my insurance will cover the prescription before I leave the office, and if it doesnt he does his best to find a med that will be covered , and even go as far as giving me samples until the problem is solved, if he has them available. I lost my job back in 2003, I had NO insurance, and I got sick, he still made a way to see me and help me get meds that I needed at a reduced cost. If this was back in the old days, Dr Naik is the kind of doctor, that would come to your door any time to help you. I can not say enough good things about him. He is my DOCTOR and MY FRIEND.  Thanks Doctor NAIK !!!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	He is a very , professional, knowledgeable, and friendly doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	This doctor has no interest in helping or answering your questions. He was bordering on rude, if I asked him about my symptoms he either laughed or said it was a &quot;bad&quot; question. I am over 65 &amp; am wondering if he thinks I am not worth his time because of my age. His parting comment was &quot; I have too many patients so you will see the nurse practitioner when you return. I definately would not recommend Dr Nannenga. My first time in his office will be my last.  	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
25	1	I am a new patient and was very impressed with Dr. Nannenga. He is very knowledgeable and has a wonderful personality that put me at ease.I am happy that our area has such a good doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:AARP
26	-1	I WOULD NEVER GO TO THIS DR. AGAIN! I went in with a problem, he ran test and his staff called back and said &quot;Your fine&quot;. If you have something wrong with you I would think you would want to go to a dr. that would actually try to find out what is wrong.  	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
27	1	Dr. Newton delivered my brother, sister, and I and now my first son. She is amazing! I love her! She is always so caring and concerned if you have a question or problem. She never rushes your appointment up. Always asking how my children are doing. The only thing is that she doesnt deliver babies anymore. I got pregnant with my second son shortly after she retired and I was so disappointed. My second OB was horrible! She didnt compared to Dr. Newton.  I will use her as a GYN until she retires (hopefully she wont any time soon) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
27	1	The most wonderful OB/GYN EVER!!  My only regret is that she retired from delivering babies.  Nothing would have made me happier than to have her deliver every child of mine!  Great staff.  Great bedside manner.  Very calm & capable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	I have been seeing Dr Newton for over 4 years now!  She is wonderful, i love her.  She always cares about her patients and it shows.  The office staff is wonderful as well.  Wonderful bed-side manner.   I would recommend her to EVERYONE =)  Thank you Dr Newton!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	Dr. Newton is by far the best doctor I have ever had.  Plus, her staff is awesome!  Dr. Newton never rushes you through an appointment and seems to always remember you every visit, which I feel is extremely important.  I can't recommend her enough.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	When I was Dr. Newton's patient, she treated me great. She took the time to answer all my questions instead of rushing me out like most doctors I've seen. It was nice to have a doctor that seemed to honestly care about how I was doing. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	I liked Dr Nolin very much, he was knowledgeable, sincere and helpful.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	-1	i feel he is discrimantibg against certain patient 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	He was the most unhelpful doctor I have ever met. I would not ask him for advice if my life depended on it. My only advice, if you see this name save your time &amp; money turn around &amp; go elsewhere.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Dr. David Navorska is a intelligent, educated expeinced family doctor. He will listen to you questions patiently and answers you with compassion,rationally, honestly. When you need a specialist he refers you quilckly.  You leave his office with all questions answered about your condition, test required and treatment.  I have been a patient for over a decade and would reconmend him to family or friends.  The office staff and nurse of professional and kind.  If you wait, it is because he take the time with each of his patient and as a patient I like that.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
30	1	I feel this doctor takes the time to sit down with me and listen fully to my situation.  This is unusual in my experience with doctors.  He has a sense of humor and the ability to put me at ease.  He also does not pretend he knows everything and has appropriately sent me to a specialist when needed.  He is thorough and follows procedures, which may seem irritating, according to another person who posted.  However, I have learned after years of seeing him that he has a high level of integrity and I trust him to be thorough and diligent.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	0	This doctor does not listen to your answer after he asks you a question, he rolls his eyes as though he doesn't believe you. He insisted on performing a breast exam even after I told him it was unnecessary as I'd had one from my gyno just two months prior. Only after he had concluded breast exam and I had redressed did he indicate it was &quot;my choice&quot;.  	5	4	2	3 	Insurance:Aetna
31	1	Very caring doctor.  He personally calls you with test results, and never seems to be in a hurry when you talk to him.  He has been seening my son for about a year for stunted growth problems.  Now my son is on growth homones.  Dr. Nickles is one of the nicest Doctors I've ever met.   I highly recommend him! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
32	1	Top notch!  Excellent service, very knowledgeable, and one of the few docs left that actually listens to you and doesn't make you feel stupid if you question him or want to try an alternate treatment.  Truly seems to be in this for the patient and not the money, which is a rarity these days.  Very pleased.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	He is an excellent doctor: caring, compassionate and very current on medical trends.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
32	1	He is a great doctor. You will be very happy with his services.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
32	1	. very knowledgeable,friendly,not afraid to refer you when you need it 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
32	1	so very glad to have found MD close to residence and close to excellent medical facilities 	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	Have been seeing Dr Naylor since 2007. He takes time to listen to me and my concerns, explains what is going on with drawings etc. Has been supportive even when I had problems with an other physician. Excellent surgeon I am disabled with degenerative bone disease Dr Naylor is a great general orthopedic surgeon and has no problems referring me to a specialist when such is needed and is in my best interest.  	 2/23/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
33	-1	I strongly recommend that if Dr. Naylor tells you you need surgery, get a second opinion.  He may be a good surgeon, but he told me surgery was my only option and it simply wasn't true.  The second doctor I went to informed me that many people live healthy lives with the same injury I have.  He gave me a cortisone shot and sent me to physical therapy and I am back to almost 100% in just one month.  Dr. Naylor comes off as very slick.  I felt like I was dealing with a salesperson at Best Buy rather than a physician.  He talks very quickly, telling various stories that had nothing to do with my medical issues and left little time for questions or discussion.  Again, I have heard that he is a good surgeon, but if there is any question about whether surgery is needed, seek another opinion.  I was in pain for months, needlessly, because of the misinformation I was given.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
34	1	Dr. Neal is a great with his patients, I started going to him about three years ago. I changed from the Dr. I used to see. Dr. Neal ,switcbed my medications, they were wrong...Now I feel better than ever. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	My prior doctor had not been able to help me with some aggravating conditions. Dr. Neal kept trying until we found solutions. I'm very much impressed with his knowledge and skill.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
35	0	This doctor is now practicing in California.  He is not particularly approachable and his knowledge is only average (and perhaps less), in my opinion.  Importantly, he made an error in my prescription and it took him 6 days to correct it, despite repeated requests from myself and my pharmacy. I am currently looking for another physician.  	5	5	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	I liked him personally and found him to be very knowledgeable and kind.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	-1	Complete quack. Told me I had a heart condition; went to TWO different heart-specialists in Nashville for confirmation, turns out NOTHING was wrong at all: he had my info mixed up with another patient's. Can you imagine the fear I got during the phone call from his office&#63; Completely unprofessional and wouldn't recommend him at all. There are too many other reliable doctors in Nashville.  	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Dr. Norwood has been associated with my family for many years. He is absolutely the best doctor I have ever seen. He always made the time to see me when an emergency arrises. He and Laura can be depended on when you need them.....  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
37	1	Dr Norwood is the best! I heve been going to him for the past 7 years. He never rushes you.  His nurse, Laurie is also a GEM! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
37	1	He has been my doctor for almost 15 years. He has been my advocate in many situations and is always willing to spend as much time as I need to answer all the questions. I would never consider anyone else!!! He is also just a nice person. He asks about my daughter and my husband and my mom (also a patient).  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
38	-1	I hear this doctor retired.He done me a favor because I found a less arrogant doctor would would listen.The other doctor found a problem that I've complained about for aleast 10 years.Natelson said I didn't have the problem.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
38	1	very good 		3	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	-1	I lost my tooth because of his very bad practice I don't recommend him at all especially for crown. 	3	3	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	Dr. Ninan is very professional and very skilled! He also has wonderful bedside manner! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	I had a great experience at Dr. Tri Nguyen's office. The staff was extraordinary friendly, helpful, and resourceful.  The doctor was very friendly and knowledgeable. He spent the time to answer all my questions and explain things to me in detail. I felt very comfortable talking to the doctor.  Everyone at this clinic made me feel very welcomed and comfortable. I wasn't nervous at all like I was at other doctor's office.  I would recommend this doctor to all of my family members and friends.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
42	1	He was amazing. I had two throat surgeries done by him. The last, was a vocal cord implant, so I could speak better. I would recommend him to anyone. I trusted him with my life, and he gave me back my voice.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	-1	Good:affordable,not a long wait time, many tests can be done in the office,@ great nurses. Bad: not a good bedside manner, can only talk about two problems&#63;&#63;,  staff never returns phone calls and forgets about your concerns, you feel rushed, not up to date on vitamins, and blames everything on stress. 	2	5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Dr. Newcomb has been my primary physician for 3+ years and has always been very caring, personable and helpful.  I had not been to a doctor in about 7 years prior to going to Dr. Newcomb because I was sick of the way I was treated...appointments meant nothing, I was called in 20 minutes or more past my appointment time only to wait another 20-30 minutes in the exam room.  I have never experienced this with Dr. Newcomb.  She has even blocked off extra time if I had a new issue when making my appointment.  If you are looking for a new doctor give her a chance.  I think she is fabulous and hope she doesn't change one thing!  The reception staff and nurses have always been wonderful.  They are cheerful, friendly and always very helpful.  I know I am rattling but I think Dr Newcomb respects my time and the office prides themselves for being prompt on appointments and I have never felt rushed.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	-1	When I saw Dr Newcomb for my initial (new patient) appointment, she did not introduce herself, greet me, or exhibit any of the AIDET principles of medicine practice.  I had several health concerns that I wanted to discuss but the atmosphere in the exam room was unfriendly and cold and I did not feel comfortable.  I offered Dr Newcomb copies of my medical records from my previous physician and she refused those copies, stating that she didn't &quot;think that was necessary&quot;.  That is when I, personally, lost all confidence in her.  I think my past medical history IS necessary.  While I am sure she is a competent physician, most capable of attending your health care needs, I also feel that she should be more approachable and at least introduce herself to her new patients and take a brief moment in time to just become acquainted.  	4	4	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
45	1	I miss Dr. Noor and Dr. Smith! Dr. Noor really helped me with dealing with my pain, he was the first (and the last) to actually talk to me about helping me get my life back before the pain ruled my life. I also miss Dr. Smith the chiropractor that was working in Dr. Noor's office.  BOTH ARE GREAT DOCTORS!! 	1	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
45	1	No longer in Morristown, but he was a very good doctor. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	-1	 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Dr. Nollner is wonderful!!! He listens and is very helpful. He always takes time to listen to what is going on and gives you the best alternative. Some of the staff there aren't very friendly but Dr. Nollner is one of the best!!! If you have to see a doctor see him!! Great bedside manner.  	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	0	At first I liked Dr. Nollner.  Now I think he's a jerk.  My GGT liver enzyme is elevated (200+), which I found out from another doctor.  I asked Dr. Nollner about it and he completely blew me off - basically told me it was stupid to worry about it.  Then he tried to sell his services to me - tried to get me to come to him instead of my cardiologist and gastroenterologist.  Maybe he was just trying to help me, but I prefer my doctor not act like a salesman.  	3	2	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	1	Exceptionally knowledgable, caring, compassionate, and saved my mother's life.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
48	1	This doctor correctly diagnosed a problem with my cervical discs after a thorough office exam and an MRI. He was a little terse and abrupt in his demeanor but there is little doubt that he knows his profession.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	He is an excellent doctor until you disagree with him. He hates that you want answers to questions regarding your health care. You shouldn't think, he is the only one allow to do that! He runs late all the time - more than 1 hour generally. 	4	1	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	Dr. Newman is kind, caring, and knowledgeable.  I trust him with my family's health & wellness.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	This is the best doctor in Chattanooga as far as I am concerned. He is very knowledgeable and caring. You have to wait on him sometimes, but he never makes you feel like you are wasting his time. He doesn't hesitate to refer you on if you have a problem that is not his field of expertise. I would recommend him to anyone.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	DR. NEWSOME IS A GREAT DOCTOR. I HAVE BEEN GOING TO HIM FOR AT LEAST 10 YEARS OR MORE NOW, HE DELIVERED MY CHILD 3 YEARS AGO. NEVER ANY  PROBLEMS OR CONCERNS AND I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND HIM. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	-1	This dentist filled my son's tooth incorrectly. The cavity was not completely removed before filling it, causing it to rot beneath the filling. My husband has also had pain on the tooth that was filled in his mouth. Our family has left this practice, as we are afraid to be treated by these dentists.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
51	1	I was impressed with the whole staff especially Dr. Sara. What a beautiful office, organized business, and great dental experience! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	Wonderful experience!  Very knowledgeable staff and dentist.  I have been a regular patient for over five years and I have always had a positive experiance. I know why she has been rated the best dentist in Franklin and Williamson County, she is great! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	-1	This Doctor caused me to loose my tooth by not finding that she had put a filling on top of a cavity. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
52	-1	Too many unnecessary test. If you run out of medication you have to have daily good luck getting them to call it in. A nurse named Melissa doesn't care if you don't have your medication. That state they are required to give urine test each visit, this is NOT REQUIRED. ALONG WITH UNNECESSARY TEST, URINE TEST JUST ALLOWS NADROUS TO CHARGE YOU MORE MONEY.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	0	Very Thorough when it comes to checking oxygen levels and such, but not very patient friendly. Very to the point. Did not care much to answer my questions as to much of anything. Took Forever to get seen. It wouldn't of been so bad if they weren't 2 hours late getting to me. I wish he took more time answering the patients questions. Did not have a decent bed-side manor, was just like I was a number.  	2	1	2	4 	Insurance:Medicare
52	1	I've been very pleased with Dr. Nadrous.  He's thorough and takes the time needed to explain test results, planned therapies and reasoning behind decisions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
52	-1	This guy is a joke. He is definitely in this business for the money. He will not answer emails or questions. He does care enough to help you at all. He will not spend the itme to help you understand what to do with this illness. He cannot see you when you need to get in he just says go to ER if you have to or come at your next appointmen time and it does not matter to him that your next appoint is almost a month away. You can not speak to him on the phone he will not ruturn calls he will only have his high school educated staff talk with you.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
52	0	I thought this office just opened this week. A girl sat at a card table with files all on the floor beside her hundreds of files just piled up on the floor. The wait time is terrible. He seems to focus on sleep problems and is not interested in the questions I ask. he is very stubborn to do things his way and does not allow and input or questions from the patient. This is my impression from first visit this week. I go back end of July and if the situation is not better in the office and his attitude is not better I will report them to the BBB and anyone else I feel will either improve this mess of an office.  	2	1	2	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
52	1	I went to a Pulmonologist for 2 years and he was not able to find out what was wrong with me. I have been to Dr. Nadrous for 2 months and he found out exactly what was wrong with me! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	. wonderful, spends time, good surgeon, compassionate 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	Caring, considerate and genuinely interested in my issues.  	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	-1	unprofessional, is not knowledgeable of in office &quot;surgical procedure&quot; ie thermal uterine ablation. I would not recommend Dr Nair to anyone....  	2	3	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	Great experience. Very knowledgeable. Spent time me. Explained things well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
55	1	Excellent caring OB delivered both of my children and was the primary care doctor. Always followed up with any questions that I had &amp; took as much time as I needed with my appointments. Would highly suggest Dr. Neilson for family friends any woman in need of a doctor. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Thoughtful, intelligent, insightful, kind, very professional and I am better for having been her patient.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
57	1	LISTENS TO THE PATIENT...IT WAS NOT REALLY HIS FAULT HE WAS 45 MINS LATE...MEDICARE HAD CHANGED SOME OF IT'S POLICIES AND SLOWED DOWN EVERYTHING....I LIKE HIM BECAUSE HE LETS YOU KNOW WHAT IS AVAILABLE FOR YOU AND TAKES TIME TO LISTEN AND EVALUATE YOUR COMPLAINTS....HE WORKS WITH THE PATIENT, NOT JUST GIVES  YOU PILLS TO POP....  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
58	-1	The following is my opinion based on a VERY SHORT visit.  He is rude, cold, and arrogant.  He offers no listening skills and determines what he thinks is best without hearing what is happening and then ends the visit.  My mother needs double knee replacement, but was made to feel as if it were her fault and he never even discussed scheduling surgery.  I would not recommend this doctor to anyone looking for a physician with any bedside manner skills or listening skills.  We will be going elsewhere for her surgery.  I rated him low on knowledge because he couldn't possibly have had knowledge of her situation since it wasn't discussed.  She received no help from him, he was late to the appointment, and his staff just seemed uncaring as well.  Maybe he is a genius in his field, but I saw no sign of that. 	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Do NOT go to ANYONE else to have joints replaced. Dr. Nadaud is the best. Spends much of his time fixing what others have messed up.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	Good manner.  Knowledgable.  Skillful.  Would use again or recommend without reservation.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Humana
58	1	Not overly sympathetic to your condition.  Comes in with a diagnosis and treatment plan and take it or leave it attitude.  I am sure he is a geat surgeon if I ever get to that point but does not offer many options. My hip needed replacement but that was only part of my problem.  Turns out I had sever rheumatoid arthritis that was affecting all my joints, my lungs, my general good health.  It went far beyond one simple hip joint.  If Dr Nadaud would have listen to my complains he might have discovered this or at least pointed me to a good rheumatologist.  He only focused on the hip and ignored any other complaint I had. 	5	5	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Excellent doctor! He recently replaced both my husbands knees very successfully. I highly recommend this doctor 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	She did good work and explained my treatment to me. Took digital pictures.BUT they way that she talked and treated her staff was horrible. She talked about them like they were stupid. Do you really want to have someone dumb filing your insurance. She needs to grow up and act like a professional 	5	3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
60	0	 	5	2	4	1 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	NO BEDSIDE MANNERS AND YOU HAVE TO WAIT WAY OVER AN HOUR FOR HIM TO SPEND MAYBE 5 MINUTES.  HIS OFFICE STAFF IS NOT FRIENDLY INCLUDING HIS ASST AND THE OFFICE MANAGER DOES NOT FALL THROUGH ON COMPLAINTS THEY GET 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
61	-1	Most uncaring doctor I've ever met, and I've met a lot. Just tells you that &quot;you are fine&quot; and tries to rush out. I requested copies of my medical records from the hospital where he ordered a battery of test to discover that I am NOT fine and have a number of issues with my spine, including a tumor. I was very relieved to find out it is benign (from another doctor). HE NEVER MENTIONED IT!!!!! I don't think he does anything but bill insurance companies.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	0	can not get answers to why i have tremers in my hands and tongue also why i have such painful headaches just increases my medicine only spends vsery small amount of time with me. 	2	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	He is great! He took time to explain everything to me (in a way I could understand; not just in medical terms) and answered all my questions. His staff is also awesome! I had to call them with questions and his nurse called me back within an hour of calling their office.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	One of my favorite doctors.  Very approachable, very knowledgeable and also great at answering questions and explaining things in lay terms.  Excellent about following up - received calls from him at home around dinner time several times because he wanted to catch us at home to let us know the result of a test or something like that.  Very good at coordinating with other doctors like our pediatrician and audiologist.  I've been his patient personally and both of my sons have also been his patients.  I always feel like me and my family are well cared-for with Dr. Naidu.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
63	1	During my 52 years on earth this is the best dentist I have ever seen, besides my own dad. She does great work! I had my retired dentist father check her work and he said it was immaculate. He has never given such high marks to anyone else.  I highly recommend her!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	one of the best you will ever find... thorough and an expert on hypertension 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
65	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	I have been going to Dr. Nations for 5 years.  He and his staff are very professional.  He does not accept my insurance but I go to him anyway because of the quality service he provides.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	Dr. Nations has been my dentist for several years. I am always happy with the quality service and finished product. The staff is helpful and considerate at all times regardless of whether $ are involved. Any time I have questions about anything dental they have tried successfully and unselfishly to get me the answers. I have a chipped front tooth filling that matches perfectly. My cleanings are always great! I would recommend his work to anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	This is the best Dentist I have ever had. For anyone looking for a new Dentist please call his office and set up an appointment.  Great staff and great enviroment! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
66	1	Absolutely amazing dentist!! I have bad teeth, so bad where I was to have 8 root canals, all of which he managed to save without having to cut the roots. I ended up spending a crap ton of money, but I assure you it was WELL worth it. Not once did I get a lecture of how I should treat my teeth better, but did ask me if I wanted advice on how to brush better. Assured me of his tactfulness and was extremely knowledgeable and helpful in helping me understand why my teeth decayed as quickly as they did. I would recommend him to anyone, anyday!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	he is the best doctor I have ever been to and he should have the hightest rating possible. He is concerned about your health problem and proficent in examining.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	Dr. Ngo and his staff were very friendly and helpful in every way.  They were pleasant to be with.  My wait was about average 10 - 15 minutes.  Courteous staff and physician.  He made you feel very comfortable and was very thorough in his tests and explaining his findings. Would definitely recommend him to my family and friends and believe him to be the best in the Cookeville area in his field.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	-1	I waited an hour and a half before i ever saw him. My procedure was supposed to be from anywhere from 30 to 60 minutes and he took 10.  He said he didnt want to test my other arm becuase he didnt feel like it and  he said for me to tell my doctor and i quote &quot; tell him you didnt feel like having the other one tested&quot; WORSE DOCTOR I HAVE EVER BEEN TOO!!! DONT GO TO HIM! 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	-1	There were a few women working there who acted as though they were &quot;looking-down-their-noses&quot; towards you; as though you were *bothering* them. Dr. Ngo wasn't very helpful, nor did he seem very interested to help me, AT ALL! And he too seemed as though I was troubling him. I was/am completely dissatisfied and would HIGHLY reccomend finding another Neurologist(Maybe Dr.  Randy Gaw in Cookeville,TN&#63;) 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
67	1	I AM  VERY PLEASED WITH MY HEALTHCARE FROM DR. NGO. HE IS A VERY KNOWLEGABLE DOCTOR.  	3	3	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	0	DR.NGO IS A VERY GOOD DOCTOR,HIS MEDICAL ADVICE AND MEDICATIONS HE HAS PRESCRIBED HAS HELPED ME SO MUCH. HE LISTEN VERY PATIENTLY TO ALL MY PROBLEMS. I WOULD RECOMMENED HIM TO MY FAMILY AND FRIENDS.  	3	2	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	Dr. Ngo has been incredibly helpful. He treats his patients as real people, not just nameless faces. He is always up to date on the latest studies and articles in neurology, and remains open to suggestions from patients. I plan on remaining a patient of his even if I move several hours away- I have never had a doctor who is so helpful and responsive 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	I went to dr. Nein after a coworker had breast implants with wonderful results. I too experienced perfection with the implants. I have sinced referred a relative, &amp; she too received the same experience; professionalism, caring, &amp; results above my wildest dreams. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	I went to Dr. Nein for a breast augmentation and mini-tummy tuck. I am very pleased with my results. Dr. Nein and his staff were extremely knowledgeable, helpful, and honest.He  was recommended by a friend to me and I have since recommended several friends and not one had any complaints. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	I went to Dr Nein for breast augmentation. I was very impressed in how professional he and his staff were from start to finish, no hard sell, very calm. Loved that he never rushed me at my consultation &amp; answered every question I had. The result was amazing! So natural! His staff made multiple calls to me during my after care to make sure I was doing well. I have since have had Dr Nein do my Juviderm &amp; Botox injections and will never go to anyone else. They've lasted 3 times longer than any I've had before. Now that I've reached my 50's I'm looking forward to talking to him about giving my eyelids a little lift. I would never consider anyone other than Dr. Nein for any cosmetic procedure. I have and will continue to refer anyone I know to Dr. Nein with confidence. Thank you Dr. Nein for being the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	I was introduced to Dr. Nein by a close friend after my wife expressed an interest in having breast reduction surgery. I accompanied her during her initial consultation because she was nervous and remember how the staff made her feel very comfortable and at ease. Dr. Nein was professional and  undoubtedly his through explanation concerning the procedure made her decision easier. Following the surgery the genuine interest in her recovery and follow-up was refreshing. She loved her new look and was amazed at how natural her breasts looked. This she attributed to Dr. Nein's vast experience and expertise. Since that time we have confidently referred Dr. Nein to several individuals and have never received anything other than positive feedback. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Outstanding Psychiatrist. One of the best. Has excellent knowledge and clearly explains how medications work. He saved my life.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
69	1	Outstanding Psychiatrist. Just a good person who actually cares. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	One of the best doctors I have ever seen. I was severely depressed and he treated me with kindness and accurately expalined how the medication works. He truly cares for his patient and is a good man. He stands apart from other doctors who dont even listen to you.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
70	1	I just came home from my first visit and I have to say I am impressed. I feel like someone finally wants to help treat my pain and make my life better instead of throwing pills at me.  I guess it comes down to if you want to get better or not.   I do! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
70	1	Wonderful and caring doctor.  I am so glad I found him.  He is a model of what a doctor should be.  I would recommend him to all of my family and friends.  The negative comments obviously came from patients seeking pain medications and did not get their way.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	1	Dr.s staff do not return phone calls. dr. talks fast and seems impatient waiting for a response to a question. Dr. refuses to consider recent accidents as needing to upgrade dosage. We regret that we chose him.  	3	5	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	-1	avoid this man at all costs if your looking for help. he does not care one bit about your health.   what ever your taking for your pain he will take you off to put you on  his drug. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Full series of 32 treatments, including periodic x-rays and analysis. Dr Joy will also include additional tweaks for other issues that may arise during the treatment period.  She hasn't charged me anything extra yet. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	Dr,Nord and staff are wonderful .Nell in worker comp has been so kind and you are a person and they treat you as such. Kathey Reynolds 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
72	1	Dr. Nord performed full shoulder replacement on me and gave me a excellent quality of life which previously I did not have.  His knowledge is excellent.  He was very compassionate and helpful.  He dealt great with the amount of pain I was in. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	Was very concerned about my son's finger and getting him fixed. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	. Very personable and knowledgable & willing to discuss my condition 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	Very caring and helpful.  Listens to patient.  Would highly recommend to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	I loved Dr. Norsworthy, I had been very uncomfortable and her and her staff put me at ease. My only complaint was that, due to my not having insurance I had to pay cash. I had only asked from a pap test and they had a chlamydia and gonorrhea done with out informing me first as standard procedure I'm sure. But I already knew I was clean. Anyway it was quite a surprise to receive a $200 bill for something I knew nothing about. It was a simple mistake of forgetting that I had no insurance and we worked out the problem, and I am ok now. But I have learned to be very specific and ask more questions with all other things of this nature. 	4	3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
74	0	The doctor is ok but the womans clinic is not 		1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	DR NEADERTHAL IS THE BEST!! I WAS 1 OF HIS FIRST PATIENTS & I MISS HIM.  WISH YOU THE BEST OF LUCK IN YOUR NEW VENTURES 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	-1	 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	I had gall bladder induced pancreatitis and spent 5 days at UT Hospital.  The hospital nursing staff was wonderful, and Dr. Nelson was so kind, caring and competent.  I would highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	His nurse said that she had scheduled me for a surgery and never took any information. I tried calling her several times only to leave voicemails which were NEVER returned. The day of the surgery came and I was not on the schedule. The doctor himself is fine but his nurse is just incompetent.  	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
77	1	I have been seeing Dr. Nelson as well as my children for 6 years now and he is a very intelligent, thoughtful, and down to earth MD. He always makes time to hear your every concern and answer any questions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	1	Dr..Nelson..is..a.excellent..but..overworked..family.. doctor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	Great doctor! He delivered both my son &amp; daughter.  My sons delivery was perfect but there was some complications with my daughter but he got us through it all &amp; I have 2 beautiful children! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
78	1	Dr Nason delivered both of my sons. I felt very comfortable with him. I thought he was very compassionate with any problems i presented to him. I would definetly recomend.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
78	1	Doctor Nason is a great OB! I would suggest him to anyone. He delivered both my son and daughter. My sons delivery was perfect but there was complications with my daughter and doctor Nason did everything possible to make sure me and my baby were taken care of. He is a great doctor. He treats you like a real person unlike some other doctors do.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
78	0	 		3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Dr. Nason is a very likeable, compassionate and knowledgeable doctor.  I highly recommend him! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
78	1	I went to Dr. Nason while pregnant with both of my boys, now 4 & 6 and he was a wonderful Dr. I would recommend him to everyone. Sincerely- Annie C. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	-1	Very bad personality 		3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	I had a great experience. The doctor was a little bit late but what doctor isn't. HE did a great job of curing my planters and I have gone back a few times since my primary visit.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	1	I do remember having to wait, but once in care I was given much attention.  I was treated for planters faciatis.  I was taken aback with the initial cost, but was later reimbursed for what insurance covered.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
79	0	he was rude couldnt take credit for doing a bad job on my ankel.  he sent me a cerfied letter ,to not come back to his office rude as all hell 	1	1	1	5 	Insurance:Anthem
79	-1	dr. was late ,did not tell me what was wrong. gave me a plastic booty, and charged the insurance co. 300.00 for this piece of plastic which did nothing. and had the gaul to bill me another 35.00 for this useless booty. Its all about the money with him,as with most drs. today. Would never go back or recommend.  D.  Nickerson 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
79	-1	I went to this doctor because I had severe foot problems.  I had been diagnosed with heels spurs and plantar fasciitis.  It was very painful to walk.  The pain was shooting up my heels and I had tingling in my feet.  I needed a medical note stating my limitations.  This doctor reluctantly provided me with a note and stated he thought I could do more than I said I could.  I then researched orthopedics and found a very good orthopedic foot specialist who acknowledged my pain prescribing a drug to treat my nerve pain that this doctor refused to even acknowledge. Eventually my condition worsened and I was referred to a neurologist who after a number of tests discovered I was suffering from MS.  I found this doctor's comments to me to be emotionally painful and very unprofessional.  I wonder if I could have reached the proper diagnosis sooner if he had just believed me.  	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
79	1	I don't who wrote the first rating, but who ever it is was too stupid to see that there are not any sinks in his exam rooms, and number 2 he wears gloves so he won't have to touch your sweaty feet with his bare hands. When I came in for my appt the staff was very prompt and friendly. Dr. Neuhaus was very frindly and went beyond to figue out what was going on with my foot. I would recommend him to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	-1	I was referred to him for foot pain. First, he was a 1/2 hour late. Secondly, he is very uncomfortable in his own skin - which makes me uncomfortable. Thirdly, he couldn't make up his mind about what was wrong with me and what he wanted to do about it. He is very strange with really weird mannerisms. I never saw him wash his hands even after he touched my sweaty feet. He does not inspire much confidence at all. He scares me. I'm finding a different foot doctor.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	Very good doctor for getting a root canal. Very calm and patient. I had no pain.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
81	1	Great doctor!  Very kind and understanding... great looking too! :D 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
82	1	Best childrens Doctor in chattanooga, Tn. I have 3 kids and I have been taking them to Dr. Naseer for 7 years now. Never once have I had the first problem with him.  He does his job very well! Couldn't ask for a better doctor to put my kids lives' in the hands of! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
83	1	I am 53-years old and have three grown children. For years, I went to the same gynecologist. When we moved around 20 miles away, my internist recommended another doctor. After one visit, I realized she wasn't a good fit. Dr. Norman was referred by a client. She is personable, calm, thorough and kind. She listened, didn't hurry me along. I am so pleased. Every staff member was courteous and helpful. I would recommend Dr. Norman to any woman, young and still having babies, and those like me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
83	1	Dr. Norman is someone I'd recommend to anyone. I delivered with another doctor in GA for my first pregnancy with twins. It was tramatic, nearly costing the life of my second born son. Left my husband and i with many worries over the second pregancy and birth. Dr. Norman was so patient and kind, and the delivering couldn't have been more beautiful.  She and Sheree are wonderful!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	Dr. Norman, Dr. Barrett and nurse Sheiree saved my life. I had a severe and quick onset of Preeclampsia at 30 weeks. I entered the office with no appointment telling them that I felt bad. Sheree immediately took me back to check my blood pressure which was suprisingly within normal limits for a 30 week pregnant woman and then checked my urine which had 4+ protein and she knew there was a problem. Dr. Norman was on vacation so I saw Dr. Barrett who admitted me to Baptist. My symptoms worsened so quickly that Dr. Barrett called Dr. Norman. When Dr. Norman arrived she immediately made the call for me to deliver my baby right away, my blood pressure was at stroke/seizure level (216/116)and my kidneys were shutting down. I don't know what my life would be like now if it weren't for all of their quick responses. So much could have gone wrong, but instead my life and the life of my now perfect, healthy 3 year old 30 week preemie was spared.  Thank you Dr. Norman, Dr.  Barrett &amp; Sheree! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
83	1	Dr. Norman recently delivered my first baby girl. This being my first child, I had no idea what to expect; however, she always made me feel at ease and was happy to answer as many questions as I had.  She never made me feel rushed and she is always very sweet.  My husband even commented about how much he really likes her.  I would highly recommend Dr. Norman as an OB.   I just wish I could use her as my primary care physician! :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	I have beena patient of Dr Norman's for many years and I think very highly of her and her expertise. I have recommended her to friends who also feel the same way.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
83	-1	This doctor destroyed my life. She gave me a Lupron injection and now I suffer from multiple problems from it.  She never returned my calls and when I went to visit her she wanted to refer me to physch help.  I had seen several other doctors who verified that the Lupron gave me all my problems she didn't want to hear it and called me a liar. She has done this multiple times with several other patients. When my insurance company denied the injection she went behind my back and wrote to them telling them that it was our last resort and we had tried everything else. Which we never did. I wasn't a candidate for Lupron either. My asthma was enough to make me no longer qualify for the Drug. I now suffer from pain daily and now have a neurological movement disorder to which there is no cure.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	i have been seeing dr. nahm for 5 years and now i am about to have my second baby. he was absolutely wonderful the first time around and i couldn't imagine going anywhere else.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	Listens to everything you say. Calm demeanor, efficiently uses time, but is not rushed to get to the next patient. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	Staff is very helpful and friendly.     Dr.Jake truly cares about his patients health and wellness. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	Great clinic and staff very friendly.  Doctor Newport was very knowledgable and explained my problem so I could understand.  Feeling improvement after just two visits and looking forward to my next visit.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
85	1	Dr. Newport is the best Chiropractor in Tennessee! Not only is he a talented and knowledgeable doctor,he also relays such a sincere concern for your wellness. The clinic is very fast paced and high energy but yet, you truly feel special in his care and the staff. Everyone is very helpful. What a great atmosphere to get well in.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	Very caring, knowledgeable, pleasant,good listener. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	Dr. Newton's nurse has always been very nice to me. She does an excellent job of drawing my blood (little or no pain), and is excellent at checking my blood pressure, etc.  Dr. Newton is always very caring; and is very nice to me. I have never had another doctor who has tried harder to take good care of me.  She is highly knowledgeable, and I have 100% confidence in her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
87	0	Have been seeing Dr. Newton for about a year (3-4 office visits)and except for her office staff (particularly her nurse) I've been very pleased.   If it weren't so difficult to find a good female physician, I'd be looking again! 	1	4	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	0	I did a lot of research before choosing this doctor.  I was not impressed - especially with the front office.  Some issues were discovered so I have to see her again but the front office never calls back about results or anything else; so I had to call them several times and then usually get a call back days later. I never realized how important (and frustrating) the front office is if there is an actual issue.  	2	4	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	I see Dr. Newton for a very serious chronic condition.  She never disqualifies any of my symptoms or overlooks them.  She is always efficient and thorough.  In fact she is good at thinking outside the box on my treatment and what she feels is good/bad for me.  She is not above calling me herself.  She is caring and I am very glad to have found her.  The only thing I can say negatively about the practice is they have had some staffing issues in the past, but this seems to have worked itself out.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
87	-1	i went to this doctor maybe 5 times. she never touched me one time. 	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	I have a strong family history of breast cancer and I have found Dr. Norris to be extremely knowledgeable. He is kind, compassionate, and patient. He takes the time to address concerns. He explains things thoroughly. Wonderful person! The Parkwest Comprehensive Breast Center is an awesome facility with a wonderful staff. They have great receptionists, nurses, and techs. If you live in the Knoxville area and are wondering where to get a good mammogram please give Parkwest Comprehensive Breast center a try. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	-1	I see this quack in hopes of finding the cause for my chronic back pain and help with my ovarian cysts. Instead the consult turns into an exam. I did assume he'd want to do an ultra-sound. During the exam he pokes around and in my vagina (without warning) with the end of a speculum!& it's really uncomfortable! The whole time I'm asking questions,& of all things HE'S annoyed! He &amp; his assistant aren't explaining anything at all so I have to continuously ask what is going on. Thankfully my husband is with me &amp; steps in to say we need answers we aren't lab rats. He gives me this BS diagnosis of Vulvodynia, which I didn't by into. He also told me he was tempted to do surgery on my cysts. I passed on all of it. I find out later this crap is &quot;chronic pain syndrome that affects the vulvar area and occurs without an I. D cause or refers to pain of the vulva unexplained by vulvar or vaginal infection or skin disease&quot; I by the way don't have any of this and never have!DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
89	1	He's an incredible doctor and saved my life! I was in constant pain all the time and now I have a quality of life that I didn't have before.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
89	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	I went to see this Dr. when other Docs told me I would need multiple surgeries to correct my problems.  Dr. Nieves not only corrected my problems but did it in one surgery & only one recovery. I would recommend him to a friend or family.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
89	-1	I went into this office without ANY pain . I had surgery ( did not have what I went in for done ) but others things that Dr Nieves said I needed done.So I still need my bladder tack but have little faith in any Doctors at this time . Asked for a copy of my rscords and found four days missing from my report .  Never would I recomend this Doctor for anyone not even a pet ! 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
89	-1	 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
89	-1	 	4	4	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
89	-1	 	2	2	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	I really like the doctor, but the office staff is extremely unprofessional...the worst I have ever encountered.  They will not call you back, it takes 6-8 weeks to order contacts, they order the wrong contacts, forget to order your contacts, etc.  This is not a one-time occurence.  These sorts of things have happened every single time I need their assistance, but I keep going back because I like the doctor.  I can't believe they still have a job because many other patients would be run off by this sort of behavior. Very unprofessional office staff.  	1	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
91	1	All the staff at Morristown Chiropractic are friendly and helpful. Dr. Newcomb takes the time to listen to the patient and do a full evaluation before beginning your treatment. You won't find him brandishing the newest equipment and gadgets. But he doesn't need them to get you back on your feet. I was treated by three different Chiropractors in a four year peroid and none of them could end my extreme pain. And they tried all the newest tables and gadgets, even accupuncture. I can honestly say Dr. Newcomb gave me back my life! I would recommend Dr. Newcomb and his staff to everyone. They're prompt with your appointments so there's hardly any time spent waiting. Yet they all take the time to talk with you and you always leave feeling like a member of the family. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	He did an Iliostomy on me and i had to have a different Better doctor go back in 6 years later and fix his mess ! He had left an open pocket the size of an orange inside me !I was lucky it hadn't turned to cancer from all the Infection held it that pocket...... what a Quack !!! 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	1	Dr. N is a GREAT doctor.  Takes his time and listens to concerns. Shows empathy.  I am so thankful to have had his perform my surgery recently.  He makes you feel very comfortable in an uncomfortable scenario.  Finally, he explains things and lays out patient choices very well. Highly recommend. Staff was very responsive, as well.  Appointments were on-time.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
93	1	He is very compassionate and sincerely listens to patients.  He does a very good job of explaining a problem and presenting options for treatment.  Office staff is very responsive.  I would highly recommend.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	I have been going to Dr. Nease for over 5 years and he is the best internal medicine doctor.  You are greeted courteously by his office staff AND you are seen on time.  When he comes in to see you, he greets you, does his medical checks and then he sits and listens to you.  If a particular medication is not working, he will take the time to find another one that does!!!!!  All of my family (as they age away from the pediatricians) go to him and they all like him.  I recommend him highly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
95	1	Would highly reccomend to anyone. Very caring and takes his time with patients. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	very knowledgeable doctor. takes alot of time with his patients and keeps them informed. I would highly recommend him to anyone. 	 6/5/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
95	-1	Very foolish and cares about money. very tricky and can act like he cares very well! trust me, he doesn't! 	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	So caring and sweet.  Very thorough and genuinly interested in finding a problem before it becomes a bigger problem.   We absolutley love her! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
96	1	Being in the military, I have been to numerous doctors.  Dr. Nawathe is the best by miles.  She does not just write prescriptions and push you out the door.  She takes time to really understand your problem and considers both mind and body in her assessment.  She truly tries to educate you on other things that may be helpful in addition to prescriptions; it is almost like a private visit with Dr. Oz.  I never feel embarassed to ask about anything.  She is a doctor who truly cares.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
96	-1	I was assigned to Dr. Nawathe through Tricare. While trying to make an appt. yesterday, the staff asked if Dr. Nawathe had accepted me as a patient (apparently she hadn't even though I had been assigned to her through Tricare). The staff person asked a couple of questions and then I was told it would be about two weeks until I found out if I was accepted. The staff person then stated that Dr. Nawathe is very selective about whom she chooses as a patient, but when I asked specifics, was unable to tell me what criteria Dr. Nawathe uses to select patients. It seems sketchy to me that a doctor would &quot;select&quot; her patients based upon some unknown criteria (What&#63; Sex&#63; Age&#63; My illnesses&#63; What insurance I have, meaning whether her contracted rates are better with one over another&#63; What&#63;) without even meeting me. In my opinion, if a doctor is accepting new patients, she should accept anyone that has the ability to pay for service. I will be choosing another PCM based on this poor experience.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
96	1	Dr. Nawathe is by far the best doctor I have ever had. She is knowledgeable and caring. Great doctor!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	Dr Nawathe is very caring, takes time to make sure that you understand. very knowledgeable. my husband and i both love her .  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	Listens carefully. Very knowledgable. Uses most up to date research and practice. Asks excellent questions. Helpful, supportive. Office staff excellent. Very friendly atmosphere. Very easy to talk to. Comfortable, professional office.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	He has been my internist for 20 years and I Love him. He is extremely smart and very caring. I am a nurse and he even puts up with my self diagnosing at times :).  Go to him and he will treat you with great care!!  Amanda Faulk RN BSN Brentwood, TN 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
98	1	He listens, asks questions, and is eager to help. He operated on my neck. My pain was gone after five years of struggling and recovery was fast. He explained every step and gave me back my active life! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	I REALLY BELIEVE HE MAY HAVE SAVED MY GRANDMOTHER'S LIFE. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	Dr. Neblett removed my brain tumor. He did an EXCELLENT job. His bedside manner was above and beyond what most physicians, ESPECIALLY surgeons. He was so open, so friendly... he didn't even seem like a surgeon, he was so open. He is now back in Jackson, TN. If you need brain surgery, Dr. Neblett is the person to see. He's the ONE.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	1	I've been a paitent of Dr. Narula ( both him and her as this is a husband and wife team )for over 10 years. Both of them treat me with great respect and have worked with me to keep my bloodpressure down and help me bear my arthritic pain. They actually listen to me and take into consideration the things I tell them. They are a blessing to this little southern town. Far more understanding than most of the doctors I've met in this area.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	-1	. 	3	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
100	-1	I realize that all doctors have a touch of &quot;God&quot; complex, but this man takes the cake. He was arrogant and rude from the start. He would not answer a single one of my questions and became very aggressive each time I even dared to ask a question. This level of arrogance is dangerous. People who think they can't make mistakes are the ones who make the very worst mistakes. No doubt he is a brilliant doctor, but his attitude makes him totally useless in my opinion. I would never let him operate on one of my family or loved ones. He literally turned his back on me and walked out the door as I asked him a question, then a nurse came in and threw a pamplet in my lap at which point I was tossed out on my ear. I was just in shock the entire time at his behavior. He also strikes me as one of those doctors who treats his male patients with respect. You know the kind. They fall all over themselves trying to see to the tiniest ache or pain of a man and then treat their female patients like dirt.  	4	4	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
100	-1	the worst dr i have been to. wont be back. aarogant. jerk. 	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
100	1	Very friendly.  Treated me like a friend he had known for years.  Obviously he is active himself and it was helpful to know be has experienced himself most of the disorders he treats.  I was referred from friends and I am glad I took their advice.  They feel the same as I.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
