dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Dr. Stacey is an outstanding pulmonologist with a caring bedside manner.  My sister was so impressed by the care she witnessed from Dr. Stacy she baked her cookies!  I've seen many doctors and enjoy appointments with Dr. Stacy becasue she really cares about her patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Outstanding bedside maners and polite. He is a knowledgeble professional.  I am very satisfied with his care to my family 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	If you need a great Doctor/surgeon Dr.vissers is the man to see.Originally my foot surgery was performed by another surgeon in which I did not get the greatest care,it left me in a wheelchair &amp; with concern of losing my leg.I then found Dr.Vissers who agreed to take over my care.Since then I have made great progress. I cant possibly say enough good things about him. He has truly been my angel in my recovery.It's your health &amp; your decision but before any surgery I suggest you consult him.. :) 	3	4	4	5 	Insurance:Humana
3	1	If you want a physician that is knowledgeable, compassionate, and kind, this is the one for you. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr. vissers is a very caring, professional young doctor, who told us he loves surgery. We felt very comfortable with him preforming my husband's knee replacement. We would recommend Dr. Vissers to anyone needing surgery! 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	do not use this doctor.  he was very knowledgeable and seemed very concerned with whether i would like him or not. the staff was VERY rude, and unprofessional.  I've never experience anything quite like it. We were quoted several different prices for the same procedures, noone seemed to know what things cost.  it was a complete waste of money for a $300 consultation which consisted of a discussion with the doctor, and a quick exam (5 minutes). The follow up appointment was a nightmare and I will never return. I've never seen a more uncaring, rude staff. Good thing I discovered the problem prior to spending thousands of dollars with this man. Money hungry. I was told when I called to set up an appt that if I wasn't planning on showing up, then don't make the appt. That was my first communication with the staff. Should have been my last. During the first appt, they kept on asking HOW I planned on paying for services. Horrible practice. dont trust my health to these individuals. 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
4	0	Do Not use this Doctor.  He is only out for money.  Yes he is very knowledgeable but he is very dishonest. I went to Nashville Fertility Center and they were wonderful and they only charged me $1,000 for the whole procedure IUI compared to Dr. Vazquez who charged me %5,000 and made me use $5,000 worth of unneccesary shots.   I got pregant fine without all the shots.  Please don't use this dr.  He has lots of staff turnover.  Please don't go to him. 	4	4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	I have been with Dr. Vargas for nine years now. He has always been helpful to me and listens to my input.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	I have seen many MD's in my 64 years and he is the best.  Spends appropriate amount of time with patients, is compassionate and explains everything patiently.  Too many pluses to list.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	he shows real compassion for all of his patients. my entire family uses him. i have not had a bad experience with the staff in the 10 yrs i have been seeing him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Dr. Vlasak is FANTASTIC!!!  He is patient, kind, and concerned.  His staff is NOT.  The office as a whole leaves you hanging when you are anxiously awaiting testg results.  They have a very unconcerned attitude about getting the results to you!&#63;! 	1	1	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
6	1	Dr. Vlasak is the type of doctor I wish all doctors could be.  He is supremely competent and has genuine concern for his patients. He is always patient and kind and spends as much time as needed with each patient.  He has cared for me and my elderly parents for over ten years through many health crises. He is an exemplary physician.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	-1	Dr. Valley was the greatest,but he left. I was one of his patients and was not told he was gone. After that no Dr. in the practice came to talk to me and nothing further was said about fixing my problem.I was run through the mill with a P.A. writing prescriptions , but not helping when it became severe. Mistakes were made by the staff. When I finally went to the E.R. I was given medication that helped. Now that I have made them mad, I am no longer welcome as a patient.Given a story that I failed a drug test after 2 years of clean tests.I had my own test done by a private lab , it came back clean.Oh well it's as good a reason as any to get rid of someone who is not happy with a treatment that no longer works, and would like to do something to get rid of severe and unbearable pain. Never tell your doctor you think there wrong or there staff is not doing it&quot;s job. where are you DR.Valley people like me need someone we  can trust. I will be looking for you to start somewhere else.  	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
7	1	Very Nice Doctor. But best of all very SMART Doctor. He answered all my Questions,gave me pro &amp; cons and in the end I was well informed, and well taken care of.  I traveled far away from home to have him do a proceedure and would do it again if I had to only because I have learned he is the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	0	 		2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	I had 5 different procedures done by this Doctor. Everytime he was very professional. He never forced a Procedure on me I had them all willingly They all stopped multitudes of pain, some so severe I would have willing done anything to get rid of the pain. I thank God everyday Dr. Valley Is practicing. Everytime the pain has come back I know who to call. He has always done his very best. The reason I live many days pain free is because of the Rhizotomies he did. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	. rude,needs to be more careful with meds 	 6/23/06		1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	Best family physician i have ever been to. Takes his time, and is thorough and patient when listening. Office staff is busy but still friendly and kind. Highly recommend.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Best we've had anywhere. Cut out the standard dance around the issue and went right to solutions and options. Office is fairly busy, but no more than any other. Finally feel safe with a pediatrician's suggestions.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
9	1	Great doc. Far easier to get in to see than anywhere else for me. Definitely someone I feel like I can trust when they tell me something. This will be my son's only pediatrican.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
9	-1	Worst experience I have ever had with a doctor, after living in four different states.  Doctor was more than an hour late, spent very little time, and was not helpful.  Seemed to have some kind of chip on her shoulder.  The staff and doctor acted like it was an inconvenience for them to be there (doing their job).  The only good thing is the answering service after hours, which connects to Vanderbilt.  	 3/9/10	1	1	1	Insurance:Tricare
9	1	The front office staff and the long wait to see the doctor are very frustrating, but it is definitely made up for by the doctors, nurses, and tech's. They are wonderful. There are no stones left unturned in the search for medical answers. They are very thorough, helpful, and knowledgeable.  	3	2	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
10	1	She is nice and tries to help, and her nurse is great but the office people are super rude. She has a really good bed manner. 	2	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	I am a long time patient of Dr. VanArsdale and highly recommend him to anyone in need of eye care. He and his staff take the extra care and time to help me understand my exam results, and offer professional and friendly service for my contacts and eyeglasses. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Best internist out there. Extremely thorough, cares about his patients, and really works hard.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	After three years being seen by Dr. Vollberg, I can attest that he is extremely knowledgeable, loves his work, and puts his patients first.  His thoroughness surpasses any physician I've ever been seen by, and I've had many wonderful physicians.  I highly recommend Dr. Vollberg without any reservation. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	0	His front desk attenant is HORRABLE!!! I had the flu and called for an appointment and she told me to go to the minte clinic, I asked if that was the doctors RX and went to another doctor.  His staff is always turning over.  Front desk, nurses, everyone.  There was a PRN that was great, next time she was gone. I once was having a test in the office and the man giving it was eating with 2 if his friends in the room while he was giving the test, I complained...:(   The doctor is average I think he is more intrested in playing with the computer system than really asking questions and solving problems.  Going to Volberg is the equlivant of solving your medical problems on WebMD...only at a much higher cost with as many RX as you want. I suggest you find another physcian. 	1	3	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Dr. Vollberg is one of the best doctor's that I've ever been to. In fact, he saved my life. Some say he over tests. It was one of those test that found a brain tumor. He got me to one of the best neurosurgeons in the southeast immediately. He is a young doctor that has upgraded his office to a paperless office, just like many hospitals now. He does not carry a computer around, he has one in every exam room. He does occasionaly look things up on the computer and I don't have a problem with that. I've had doctors, before computers, that looked things up in books while I waited (computer is faster). Jan is amazing and his nurse is excellent. If I could rate him higher than a 5 I would.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
12	1	Found Dr. Vollberg to be very thorough in his history taking as well as examination. Reports re tests, etc. were very timely and he was very careful to make sure we had a thorough understanding of everything.  He did not appear to be rushed and took his time to make sure that we had no questions not already answered.  His ffice staff were cheerful, very helpful and knowledgable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	0	Dr. Vollberg seems very unsure of what he knows and what he doesn't.  He carries a computer around and is constantly looking up terms and symptoms, etc. and then to be certain that he can't be held responsible for anything, he refers you for extensive testing and to specialists for every symptom you mention and some you don't. His staff calls you after every test you have, at all hours of the day and night, to scare you with test results using terminology you may not be familiar with and that would best be left for your follow-up visit. Being Dr. Vollberg's patient is a full-time job within itself.  He seems to mean well, but finally you have to take charge of your life again and say to him &quot;enough is enough&quot;! Seriously, sometimes his computerized system seems to &quot;lose&quot; test results or somehow mis-file them and things you should have already been told suddenly pop up three months later.  He does seem sincere, but it gets very tiring. 	4	2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	The front office changes constantly and the current ladies are not exactly friendly.  But Jan in the back is the BEST. SHe knows everything about that office and what to do and where it is and what to do. The nurse is good, very friendly and I trust her.  Dr Vollberg likes to take tests for everything and anything. SOmetimes you just have to say enough, I am not a test subject. But he is very nice, friendly and all the doctors he has recommended have been very good. 	3	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	 	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	After visiting Dr. Vollberg twice, I can say that I feel it has been the best doctor/patient treatment that I have had bar none. This doctor listened to my concerns and spent the needed time to address each one. He made contacts and appointments with other departments and doctors for me immediately 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Dr. Vora is the best!! Always listens and answers question in a way a patient can understand, shows genuine care, concern and interest for patient.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
13	1	 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	0	Dr was nice but we waited an hour.  Bad diagnosis ... Went to another(american) doctor the next day who thankfully prescribed antibiotics.  	3	1	3	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Greatest experience! We are new to town and went to a large group practice. We were not at all happy,and heard about Dr Jaya, and made the switch. Could not be happier! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
14	1	long wait times.  	4	3	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	. good 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
16	-1	seemed like an OK doctor, Every one in my family had a hard time understanding her and it seemed she had a hard time understanding us. it is obvious that english isn't her first language and because of the language barrier it was difficult to know whether or not she was actually able to help.  	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Assurant
16	0	Dr Vafai was on rotation when I had my child. She refused to answer a question that I had asked about my child. She responded with &quot;don't worry about it.&quot; I had to ask her three times to please answer the question. She was knowledgeable when on the questions that she did answer. But she had absolutely no bedside manner. 	2	5	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	I would rate it &quot;0&quot; if I could. I was referred to Dr. Van Brocklin for the removal of a broken tooth. I had to wait over 45 minutes to be seen by the first nurse, who was inept and had to take my x-rays twice. The billing secretary at the front desk was rude, and snippish. Dr. Van Brocklin then administered IV anesthesia without getting a weight/height measurement - something I thought was required to properly administer anesthesia. Finally, when I awoke, the nurse was rude, and promptly forced me out a backdoor. I ended up with Dry-Socket and now need follow up surgery to repair a bone fragment left in my jaw. In addition to the poor medical care, Dr. Van Brocklin's incompetent billing staff also misfiled my insurance paperwork and use the wrong address for billing invoices - so weeks of billing issues ensued. When I finally received and attempted to pay his invoice, he returned my check as marked &quot;void&quot; and said he had turned me over to a collection agency. CONSUMER BEWARE! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	In my opinion this office is a mess. Dr gets angry if you ask questions. Staff really does not care if or when you are seen. The nurse is just mean spirited with never a kind word for anyone. Dr refuses to use email or talk on the telephone. His appointment schedule is always overbooked even when you arrive first thing in the morning you can expect to wait over an hour. Staff is not flexible just like the doctor. Bedside manner is just dreadful and they all act like they are doing you a favor to see you and take your money. Just a dreadful experience.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
19	1	. very good doctor sad he is no longer seeing patients 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
19	1	I love Dr. Virani, he has been my doctor for a long time. He really take his time with you and does not rush you out. He listens very well and his staff is great too. I recommend him to everyone I know.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	Dr. Virani has been my primary care doctor for years now. He's an excellent doctor, very knowledgeable, and always gets me in very promptly. His nurse Kelly is great and very prompt also. Dr. Virani's only drawback is that he seems somewhat uncomfortable with mental health issues; I'd recommend a separate doctor for that.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	0	The staff was friendly. However the wait times were extremely long and the consultation/exam itself was very brief. I did not get any resolution to my problem and the bill was very high (even with my ins). 	3	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Dr. Vasu is fantastic!  You may not like what he has to say, but he is very knowledgable, will visit with you and ask questions, and truly cares about your well-being.  Although his patients are primarily older, he treats me with utmost respect and kindness.  He also has sent me literature regarding topics I discussed with him.   If you need a great neurologist -- see him! 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
22	0	This doctor touched me inappropriately and made me incredibly uncomfortable. I had been to male ob/gyns before, so it wasn't that. He hides behind the veil of religion to get away with his inappropriate behavior, especially with young, friendly girls whom he thinks won't complain.  Please do not go to this man or take your daughters to him! 	4	4	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	He delivered both my children. Amazing and godly man. I highly recommend him.  Only positive things come to mind when recommending him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Such a wonderful human being. He has the knowledge to heal with his understanding of medicine, and with the love and compassion that is his special gift from God Almighty he adds comfort to the soul.It is a blessing to be cared for by a doctor with such a light around him.  KA 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Dr. Vick has delivered both of my children and, if possible, I would have brought him and his staff to Atlanta with me when I moved.  Very knowledgeable, not at all pushy, friendly, warm, and an amazing man.  He is the only doctor in his practice, so be aware of that, though his nurse practitioner, Amy, is equally amazing.  I have many friends who also see Dr. Vick, many of whom live quite far away and will drive over an hour to see him.  I have recommended him to several people looking for ob/gyns.  I did give him a 4 on punctuality only because he is the only doctor in his office and babies don't come on anyone's schedule in particular.  I have frequently seen him run across the street to the hospital to check on a patient who is in labor in between seeing patients in the office.  Despite that, I have never had to wait an extremely long time to see him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
22	1	This doctor was knowledgeable, experienced and warm.  He listened to every question, answered thoroughly, and knew how to immediately treat a problem that was unresolved for years. 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Dr. Vick helped me through a very difficult pregnancy...he's a wonderful doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	This doctor made me feel very uncomfortable.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	One of the best doctors I have ever been to. He dedicates his life to helping women.  He is very helpful and his staff is very friendly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	For 9 months I suffered from plantar fasciItis. One visit to Dr. V. fixed the problem. I visited him in Oct. 2005 and now in June 2011-- still no more pain.  Great doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	we were able to get in on that day for an ingrown nail.  very helpful and back to work the next day.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	-1	Most bizarre med experience of my life. Although I had several problems that were legit, including to him, it was as if he and office staff desperately did not want me there. He made 2 recommendations for how his office could help, and then two different staff members assured me they did not provide the services he named there! (They did have the services and provide them frequently on a weekly basis BTW) I kept asking for results of a test and eventually learned they had lost it, but I had to keep after them to find this out, even on the retest. I asked what shoes might be helpful to my foot problem and the doc stared at me and said nix. It was as though I had asked him about eyeshadow tips and I had to push for his extremely limited response. The worst thing was that after paying a good bit for his solution, my problem only got worse.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	. we take all insurances 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	Dr. Valedon absolutely stopped my essential tremor after other well known neurologists had told me I would have to to live with it. I went to him originally because of a family friend who had been treated by others for Parkinson's for years without much success, but improved dramatically under Dr. Valedon's care. He is apparently getting very well known in the area, and justifiably so in my opinion. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Dr. Vida was knowledgeable and thorough.  He took time to answer all my questions. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Exceptional physician.  He has passion as well as compassion in his care. He listens. He does all he can to heal.  The best doctor in Chattanooga! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	DR VINCENT A. VISCOMI, MD - DIPLOMATE AMERICAN BOARD OF SLEEP MEDICINE I HAVE BEEN GOING TO HIM FOR 5 YEARS. HE IS A FINE DOCTOR. I HAVE NO PROBLEMS WITH HIM AT ALL. HE LISTENS TO ME AND I AM COMFORTABLE TELLING HIM ANYTHING. HE IS AT MEMORIAL HOSPITAL REGIONAL SLEEP CENTER IN CHATTANOOGA TN PHONE IS 423-495-7378. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	. Knows how to treat patients, and is very knowledgable about orthopedics top in his field!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
27	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Excellent doctor and staff and an all around NICE guy.  Have been going there for years.  Does remarkable cosmetic restorations.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	DR. VALOSIK IS AN EXCELLNT DOCTOR. HE HAS ALWAYS ATTENDED TO THE NEEDS OF MY FAMILY AND MYSELF. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	This doctor is professional, great bedside manner and is in general excellent. I had a bladder suspension and rectal repair. Results -were perfect. Two of my friends have since used her for surgery with nothing but praise.  She is a God send to the world of medicine 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
30	1	Dr. Vogt is very nice and undestands many health problems. Her office is very inviting and calming, seeing a gynocologist has never been less nerve racking. The receptionist forgot about me and I ended up sitting there for an hour but Dr. Vogt couldn't stop apologizing.  		3	4	5 	Insurance:Aetna
31	-1	ALWAYS LONG WAITS DUE TO OVERBOOKING. HE JUST DOES THE MINIMUM TO GET YOU OUT, YOU HAVE TO TELL HIM TO CHECK THE ARTERIES IN YOUR NECK OR YOUR (DIABETIC) FEET. YOU COULD HAVE A BRICK GLUED TO YOUR BACK AND HE COULDN'T FIND IT UNLESS YOU TOLD HIM IT WAS THERE.  	3	1	2	2 	Insurance:AARP
31	-1	First you start off in a waiting room where the staff comes out screaming your name when it’s your turn, literally yelling.  There is a lack of good manners throughout.  I reviewed concerns with Dr. Vance.  He was not thorough, he asked very little questions, and didn’t explain anything.  Before he left the room, I asked him a question about my medical condition, which I have had for many years.  His answer went against all medical advice I have received from Physicians for the past 5 years, including Mayo Clinic.  In my opinion he did not like a patient asking questions.  He gives you the impression that he is the Dr, and what he say’s is final…don’t question him.  I found care with another Physician fast.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
31	-1	My parents were patients of Dr. Vance's for years.  He also failed to diagnose my mother's cancer until it was very advanced(5/08).  Fortunately we were able to get my mother into MD Anderson in Houston where they basically saved her life.  To this day(10/7/08) neither he nor his staff have called to check on my mothers condition.  Even if we could accept that not diagnosing the cancer is a more common issue than it should be, the lack of any follow up is unexcusable.  	3	3	3	1 	Insurance:Medicare
31	-1	Mother had cancer for years and instead of running test said there was nothing wrong. By the time we found an MD to run test it was too late 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Dr. Vance is a wonderfully intelligent and kind hearted man with a refreshing sense of humor. He addresses each patient as an individual human being, something that cannot be said of many doctors these days. I would strongly recommend him to anyone looking for a good doc! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	very great with patients and keeping the patient infofmed on condition. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	A scheduling nightmare! I had to call repeatedly (because my calls were not returned) to become accepted as a new patient, pleading to be allowed into &quot;the club&quot;, then wait two months to see him. By the time my appointment arrived, I had a work conflict and had to reschedule. The scheduler blathered so many time slots, I became confused and went in at the wrong time. The staff at the check in desk act as if they have the worst job in the world and roll their eyes constantly as they begrudgingly &quot;help&quot; you. When I finally got to my appointment, I was 15 minutes late because of a prior engagement running over- and the doctor not only would not see me, but told me he would never see me. Asked if I wanted to reschedule with another doctor, I said no thanks! What a phenomenal waste of time. And all that after my whole family have been faithful patients at that facility for over a decade. They lost my business for good! 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	Dr. Vines is awesome! I have seen him for years for many different issues. He always takes the time to listen and understand my problem. He is very knowledgeable and my issues are resolved with just one visit. He is super friendly and I feel very comfortable with him. My mother and grandmother are also his patients and they are very happy also. I would recommend him to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	Dr. Vines was very helpful - it's obvious that he is concerned about me as a patient, but he is very friendly as well. He takes time to listen, and explains exactly what he thinks is going on, and recommends actions based on his observations. I wouldn't recommend anyone else! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	Dr. Vines is great. He listens and doesn't mind if you disagree. He is not a &quot;white coat&quot; but is, instead, a partner in my care. Exactly what I want. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	I went to this doctor after my insurance changed, I did not like it all. I have a ankle that is bone to bone and all she gave me was prescription naproxen and rescheduled me for a month. I went back sat in the waiting room for 2 hours for her to ask me does it feel better. NO it doesnt feel better, its bone to bone I limp everywhere in throbbing pain.So she referred me to a specialist. My appointment is in 2 months. Aint that wonderful.I don not recommend this doctor at all.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
34	-1	The Frayser Loop Clinic is where this Dr is associated at. Punctuality is awful there you might have an appt at8 am you want get seen until 2 hrs later They call you back to see the Dr and back in the examine rm you wait another 2 hour or so Its ridiculus at that clinic 		1	3	1 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Top notch, personable, knowledgable. One of the best doctors i've even met.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	One of the best diagnosticians I've ever been to, like doctors used to be able to do. He listens, looks at my chart, reviews everything with me. He doesn't order unnecessary tests either. Great doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	Dr. Venuti is one of the most decent, knowledgeable, and responsive family doctors that I know.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	Without a doubt Dr. Venuti is the finest DR i've ever had the pleasure of being a patient of. Important items to me are knowledgeability, patient focus and empathy with the patient's condition. He as solved medical problems for members of my family that other DRs repeatedly missed.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	Dr Venuti is very caring and friendly. He explains diagnosis & treatments thoroughly and in laymans terms.If he doesn,t understand the problem at hand he will research ir or send you to a specialist. His staff are always friendly, neat and tidy. My husband and I think he's great. we would hate to see him leave our area. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	This doctor humiliated and degraded me because of my pain. He forced me to sit in his office and drink water so he could do a drug test before he would even write me a prescription. This made me feel like some junkie off the street. My test came back clean by the way, as I told him it would , but he is very untrusting. Not a good , caring person like a doctor should be. I do not recommend him for anything!!! 		3	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	Dr. Vargas mis-diagnoused me,even though I tried to tell him what my problem was. EMG tests and nerve tests ordered by another Dr. did not support his opinion. Would I recommend Dr. Vargas as a doctor. I will be recommendind to my family and friends the Drs  who listened and did the proper tests before expressing their opinion.1 of the surgeries I needed has been performed with good results. The other spine surgery I need will be performed in the near future. The tests I needed was ordered by a PA who also did the Exam. This PA worked for another spine surgeoun. Can you trust your Dr.&#63; Ask for your medical records,review them,and then you will know.Doctors are suppose to work for the patient,not the patient for the doctor.I have informed my insurance company of the problems I had with this Dr. I have also informed the Dr. I pays to do your own research and profile you provders covered by your insurance.  	1	3	2	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
37	1	I would recommend this doctor to everyone. For the last 12 years I have had irregular period(once every 4-6 months) other Obgyn would say oh...your just irregular we can put you on birth control pill to regulate my periods which I already new but no one could ever tell why when I needed more than just a band aid. I needed to know the root cause and it was until I met Dr. Jamie Vasquez the root cause! He prescribed the proper medication for my condition. My first visit with Dr.Vasquez was Sept. 18, 2011 and become pregnant October! After two miscarriages within four years I am very happy to be 6 weeks pregnant. I feel very at easy that I will have a normal healthy pregnancy this time and Dr.  Vasquez is taking the necessary steps in making that happen! :-) 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	My husband was sterile after a Bone Marrow transplant.  I conceived my first child with stored sperm and artificial insemination when Dr. Vasquez was at Vanderbilt.  Did not care much for the staff except for receptionist and one nurse.  Between my first and second pregnancies he started his own practice.  Much better.  I had my twins(!) at 40 when I had almost given up hope.  In all I had three babies in four years all through artificial insemination because I couldn't afford IVF.  Dr. Vasquez was kind, gentle and called me many times on the phone to answer questions.  I have nothing but kind things to say about him.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
37	-1	We started seeing Dr. Vasquez in 2010. First IVF failed. Second IVF was told Chemical Pregnancy, yet I did not have a period for almost two months. Went back and was told &quot;Well it looks like the cells were still growing&quot; after that we changed Drs. Staff was very rude. At my second Beta appt for second IVF cycle my appt was at 7:30. No one showed up to open the office until 8:15.  	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Aetna
37	-1	Although not done yet, the staff has treated me as if I have been through IVF before. I have been surprised to many times with the cost which has  stressed me out more. Instead of just letting me know up front the total cost &amp; how everything would go. Not much help at all and as for not stressing well I am. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	First of all, my perspective.  I have been a hospital executive for 10 years.  Patient care is my business.      Spare yourself the heartache and frustration.  AVOID NFC.  Dr. Vasquez is the answer. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	After my IVF failed, i felt Dr Vasquez's attitude changed towards me 100%. He never had what i would call a great bedside manner but it went from bad to worse. He is also extremely difficult to get a straight answer from. If i had a choice, i wouldve trusted my gut instinct and went to a different Dr, even if it meant having to pay out of pocket.  	4	4	1	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
37	-1	My daughter saw this quack and he told her invitro was the only thing that would work for her.  After the first attemtp she hyperstimulated and wound up in the hospital for 5 days.  It was obvious the nurses at the hospital did not like this guy and my daughter was not his first patient at the hospital that had hyperstimulated.  He was extremely rude when we asked questions and kept saying it was not his fault.  She went to Nashville Fertility a few months later and they told her IVF should work for her.  She ended up pregnant after the first attempt.  VASQUEZ is very shady.  We have ran into several other people who have had similiar problems with him.    STAY AWAY!!!!!!!!!! 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
37	-1	The office seemed to be going through a lot of growing pains. Most of their patient education was verbal. It would have helped if they had it typed so we could read it later and be able to research it onlin. I got conflicting data from the different departments. Dr. Vasquez offered FSP when my husband had 0% sperm morphology. He stated we would have a 40% success rate after we took antibiotics to get rid of a bacteria infection with FSP or could spend $15,000 for IVF and have a 70% success rate. Three weeks later after we finished the antibiotics,  was told we had no choice but do ICSI ($18,000) with a 35% success rate. Here is the kicker, we was told that there was no need to do a new sperm morphology test because there would be very little change in the morphology. So why was we told his sperm would be retested for improvements&#63;   It feels like bait and switch.  I changed fertility clinics the next day after the shock went away.  	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
37	-1	He's is expensive (almost double), but gets the job done.  His nurses are on good with relaying information.  Sometimes Anita can be slightly offensive, but overall she is okay (you can tell when she's having a bad day).  Rosemary is very nice, but sometimes gives wrong information (if you have any questions ask Dr. Vasquez).  Susan the receptionist is great. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	It is hard to find a gyn that really cares about the patient.  Dr Van Nes is the best she was willing to actually take time out of her schedule because I needed to talk about my upcoming surgery.  She was willing to work with me to answer all my questions and concerns. I know I am one of the most stubborn and demanding patients.  I have had a lot of bad experiences with gyns.  I ran from the last 3 doctors before her and actually ended up being fired by the last one.  Dr Van Nes convinced me to have the surgery that I needed so I wouldn't have cancer.  I am glad that she did, even though I know I was the biggest pain with all my questions and reservations about the whole deal.  She really cares about her patients and has saved my life.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
40	1	He is the best doctor ever!!!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	I was referred to this doctor after a brief stay in the hospital in order to proceed with a laparoscopic cholecystectomy (gall bladder removal). He did a good job in explaining everything to me and has many years of experience in his field so I was very confident in his ability and professionalism to handle this procedure for me.  The hospital however was a totally different story: the place was completely filthy and the staff in the recovery area beyond rude - my advice: use this surgeon and his expertise but don't go to Methodist Hospital - you're better off elsewhere! 	4	5	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	0	I canceled my appointment with this Dr. and am seeking someone else. The woman I spoke to on the phone went well past rude into down right hostile.  	1	5	1	5 	Insurance:Medicare
42	1	Dr. V was excellent, he was knowledgeable and friendly and did not make me feel rushed at all. The staff was good and they got me through the appointment faster than I expected.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
42	1	Dr. V is always helpful and plesant.  His nurses have always been polite and available.  	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
42	1	Great Doctor.  Always has time, very knowledgeable, has a great nurse that will always call you back.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
43	-1	.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	I highly recommend Dr. Vick. She took her time, evaluated my medication and my overall health. I was comfortable talking with her and I am confident that she is knowledgeable and caring. Thank God there are still Doctors that have our best interest and want to help their patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
43	0	Have used her for 10 years now...she was a good DR but has become very uncaring. If you want narcotics, she is quick to prescribe them, but when you want to stop she will make excuses. If you push the issue of wanting to stop taking the narcotics..she will drop you as a patient.  	3	3	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	Listens to me  and that is a plus!!  She is  a Brilliant doctor and is thorough with exams.  	4	3	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
43	1	I've been very happy with Dr. Vick. She knows I am a nurse and seems to value my input and consider my wishes carefully. However, I am considering leaving her because the organization she works for (Healthstar) frankly stinks.  	2	3	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
43	-1	as with many doctors, she has to many patients. Should read case files more and be aware of patients complaints. you chose a doctor so when you are sick you can be seen. Not squeezed in.  Lack of personal care is high! 	5	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	. great listner,  allowed me to make decisions in my care,  very knowlegeable 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	. very knowledgeable, easy to talk to-very intelligent 		3	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
44	1	dr meagan is awesome, i have been in painj for years and dr meagan fixed it in just a few appointments 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	0	At my post-op apt. Dr. Vickers was an hour behind. He came in the room, left almost immediately and never even looked at my incisions. I had questions and literally had to run down the hall to ask him what I needed to know.  	5	1	2	4 	Insurance:Humana
45	1	Dr Vickers is a very bright caring person. He led us to the correct procedure to save my husbands life. His nurses also deserve a pat on the back for their execellence.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
46	-1	I don't go there anymore.  Found a dentist closer to home 	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
