dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
3	-1	commentsC. Bruce Baird is involved in illegal &quot;rebates for referrals&quot; with oral surgeon (Thomas Northcott) and orthodontist (James Randall Smith) both of Tullahoma Tennessee.  He ripped me off, gave bad advice, and hid evidence so that we couldn't sue him.  (including destroying dental records) 	2	5	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	.  I wouldnt take my dog to see this man ! RUN ,RUN RUN as far away as you can from this doctor ! I wish i had !!!!!!!!! doesnt know squat,used me as a guinny pig, led me me around for 2 Years treating the wrong illness! its all about the $$$$ for him ! 	2	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$34000
12	1	 Great doctor.  Always very nice and pleasant.  He's been my doctor for 4 years now and I won't change.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
24	1	 Been with Dr.Bailey for 10+ years &amp; I love him and his staff.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	 I have seen Dr. Bailey and nurse pract. Wendy Reynolds. They are both wonderful professionals who care, are very informed, and helpful. I believe they are a trusted part of my health care team. They kept checking until they found my issue and are treating same.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
24	1	 I went in for my second colonoscopy with Dr. Bailey and it was a very pleasant experience.  I am 38 yrs old but need this procedure every 5 yrs due to family history.  Both times Dr. Bailey and his staff have put me at ease with their smiles and warm beds-side manner.  They even asked about the prep procedure which had improved since 5 yrs ago.  They explained what would happen, how I would feel and answered all my questions.  Everything went quick and flawlessly with no ill effects afterwards.  I would recommend Dr.  Bailey to anyone else in need of a gastroenterologist! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$403
24	1	 I have been going to Dr. Bailey for nearly 9 years for Crohn's Disease and for a gall bladder removal.  Dr. Bailey is a great doctor and they are always wonderful about getting you in for symptoms quickly.   I hope he never retires:) 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
24	1	 I have been a patient of Dr. Bailey's for almost 9 years for crohn's disease.  He is a great doctor! The office is good about getting you in if you need to be seen.   I have been very impressed! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
24	1	 I had an EGD and was very pleased. The staff was very knowledgable, kind and considerate. They understood my needs and were quick to respond. Dr. Bailey listened to my concerns and spent time explaining my condition and treatment. Because of my treatment I am now doing well.  I will definately return to Dr. Bailey for furthur treatment and recommend him to my friends and family.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	 I had gallbladder symptoms, was taken in right away. They did a sonogram and was rushed to the hospital immediately for surgery. Dr.  bailey and his staff saved my life! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	commentsThis doctor saw how sick my relative was during a recent visit and immediately took action to get her the care she desperately needed. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	 I've used Dr. Adam Baker multiple times and have never had any problems. He is very knowledgable and so is his staff.  I would highly recommend him! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
25	-1	commentsI felt uncomfortable with that man. He made me feel like he was comming on to me. I will not go back. He seem like a **** 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	 Very knowledgable and freindly person. Always very thorough.  Very professsional 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
27	-1	commentsI had to leave some of the ratings above blank because this doctor would not even see me. I called to schedule an appointment for a shoulder injury and was questioned on whether this was a new injury or not. I told them that I might have had this before but I wasn't sure. They told me they needed to see my records of the previous injury. After a long, long conversation during which I tried to explain that I did not have records as I was only looked at by a sport trainer who advised me to do some physical therapy, they still would not see me without previous records. The receptionist would not even explain to me why they needed records and did not seem to understand that none existed. When I asked what I should do to get help she responded with &quot;The doctor has the right to refuse service to anyone&quot; and then hung up on me. I was so upset and couldn't not believe that a doctor, who (I would hope) does his job to help people, refused to help someone for no (or at least unexplained) reason. 	1	3	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	 Dr. Babb is great she delivered my baby girl. She was very helpful with lots of information.  	3	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	 I love Dr. Babb. She was very attentive and caring during every visit with her. She listens to everything you have to say and always gives you direct eye contact. By far i've had no problems or complications with her. Dr. Babb is a sweet heart and I love how she prefers to handle many health problems the natural way as an alternative to just eagerly giving you medications. You rock Dr. Babb...  stay classy =) 	4	4	4	4	Insurance:United Healthcare
29	1	commentsGreat Doctor. She really treats you as an individual. Excellent bedside manner. Dr. Babb cares about her patients. She is also an excellent surgeon. An ER doctor saw my c-section incission and said it looked like it was done by a plastic surgeon.  I am almost sad I won't need to visit her as often anymore. My son was in distress and she got to us quickly and delivered him safely. Couldn't ask more of any doc. Price was more than fair as I had to pay out of pocket. Paid/Co-pay:$3700	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	 Dr. Babb is very professional and I appreciated her abiilty to keep good eye contact and really listen to what I had to say. She answered all my questions and is very kind. Many docors bury their head in notes while you talk, but she was very attentive.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	-1	 She seems very rude and stuck up and is very unapproachable. Travels alot all my appointments were rescheduled and has forced to choose between letting someone else deliver my baby or c section to work around her travel schedule.  would not recommend her to anyone! 	1	3	1	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	 Drs babb were both helpful an knowledgeable when my daughter had her baby.. I would recommend them both to anyone 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
29	1	 Dr. Babb was very caring and helpful. I have been to several other doctors who would not listen to me. She spent a lot of time listening to my problems and discovered that I have endometriosis. She recommended a treatment that has helped me tremendously. I would recommend her without hesitation.  Many of my friends use her and love her! 		4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	-1	commentsDr. Babb refused to give me the birth control I needed, would not refer me to another doctor (even though she said that she would), would not check to see if the surgical procedure she had performed two weeks before had left me with an infection (I did have one), and would not discuss aftercare or my medical history with me once she booted me out of the office for swearing in frustration in front of her staff. I was not even swearing at her, just swearing in the room. She has very little bedside manner, is cold and unapproachable, condescending, and patronizing. I cannot in good conscience recommend that anyone see her for any reason whatsoever. 		3	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	commentsshe acted like all my symptoms were normal and I was just going thru menopause and would have to put up with the pain every month. The only good thing I got from my visit was water pills. She told me to walk on my treadmill 45 min a day for my menopause symptoms as this would help with my weight loss. Very uncaring and not as concern about my problems and visit was not as comfortable as before Paid/Co-pay:$18400		1	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	commentsI went to another Dentist for 3 months and he wouldn't touch my teeth until I had paid an unreal amt. I went to Dr. Baird, and he completely took care of my teeth, and was so nice!!!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	commentsI had hair restoration at BaconMD and am so happy. My thinning hair has bothered me for years but I didn't want to do the strip method and have the large scar. Dr. Bacon and his team created a beautiful hairline for me. They were so kind and spent a great deal of time with me discussing my options and my goals. Letting them do my hair restoration was the best decision I've made. Paid/Co-pay:$2000	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	 The best of the best!  Experienced, capable, professional, caring.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	-1	 I was her &quot;patient&quot; over 2 years but never met her. I was always under the care of her NP. I asked the staff that I would like to see my physician, but she did not seem to care to have a 1:1 relationship with her patients. Her priority seems to participate in conventions/meetings and other &quot;important&quot; things than taking care of her patients. After having given her 2 years that she could have gained her opoortunity to hear my requests to meet her to no avail, I switched to someone else. I am much happier with my current physician. Staff of her office are wonderful, however.  	4	1	1	1	Insurance:Aetna
58	-1	commentsI was diagnosed with a malignant brain tumor while under the care of her office, and she never came to see me while I was in the hospital, or called to check on me after my brain surgery. Not a very caring doctor. 	2	2	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
58	0	 Dropped patient without notifying the family or patient. Talked me into putting patient on ventilater with trach, placing patient into facility and we were told she was still her doctor. Patient complained for 3 months of difficulty breathing, green secretions - patient had pnemonia and dr. baggot told her she didn't. So when released from facility, she dropped her. Didn't have a doctor or orders for meds or anything when got home. Found out we no longer had her as a doctor, rushed to find a doc that would treat vent patient.  	5	5	3	3	Insurance:Medicare
58	1	 I am very pleased with doctor Baggot and I recommend her to anyone who needs a primary care physician.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
58	1	 This is a wonderful caring physician, I can not believe some of the earlier comments made, she goes out of her way to take care of my entire family.  She has the best staff a physicican could have.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	-1	 I agree with several of the other comments. This doctor has no clue at all, unless you want a cosmetic consultation. I went in for a UTI, but she said I did not have a UTI even though my urinalysis showed bacteria and the culture confirmed it. She said there was &quot;not enough bacteria to cause a UTI&quot;. HUH&#63; Are you kidding me&#63; That was not the first time something like that happened. As soon as possible after insurance changes- I changed doctors. Would NOT recommend this doctor to anyone.  	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Aetna
59	1	 THE STAFF THERE HAS VERY FRIENDLY. YOU DONT HAVE 2 WAIT ALL DAY 2 B SEEN. SERVICES THERE IS A 100 IN MY BOOK. I LOVE THE STAFF THERE.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	 I love Dr. Baig! He has been a God send to me. When I was real bad with gout pain, he referred me to another doctor that helped me get better. I recommend him to my family and friends, even got my daughter going there to see him. He does his best to help out, and he has a wonderful bedside manner.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
60	-1	 His office billed insurance nearly $800 for a visit with lab work! ran every test he could think of, then prescribed mininimal amount of medication. every complaint I raised about medicine he seemed to make up a policy on the spot to justify his answers. Doesn't listen to patients, just refills meds a month at a time to maximize his businesses profits. Both my wife and I went to seee this quack based on reviews on the internet.  After 3 months, his practice has billed our insurance company over $10, 000 and neither our problems have been addressed!!! If you want to get healthy or find a solution to your problem, DO NOT SEE THIS DOCTOR!!! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:CIGNA
60	1	 Has helped my husband for years now and we would recommend him to anyone.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:HealthPartners
60	-1	commentsMorning visit --told me the patients lungs sounded &quot;pretty good&quot;  Mentioned  patient had conditions that a specialist had said were cleared up days before. Told him this &amp; he didn't answer.   That same morning another  specialist we had never met appeared &amp; told us the patient was in acute respiratory distress. Never felt he kept us informed adequately.   Nurses report he is difficult to understand on phone esp. &amp; gets angry when they have to ask him to repeat. 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	commentsHe understands his patients perfectly, and ensure that they don't freak out about their wellness especially when they are seriously ill. I have known him for many years and he has been a very caring and wonderful doctor. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
60	-1	commentsWhen you finally get in to see him and he orders all these test first he forgets to read them then he says there is nothing wrong but to come the next month to run them again and he forgets to send your medicine for the bronchitus you have and it takes a week or more to try and get in touch with them or get them to call back with results about the rest of the test taken. The next month the same stuff happened again except he forgot to write down to take the blood work that I came in for as he rushes out the door for lunch and it has been over a week now and I still have not been able to get my results or any antibiotics for my bronchitus maybe pneumonia that he took chest X-rays for but I can't get any results. 		1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	 Drs. Roger and Lorraine Bailey are hands down the best Chiropractors in the state of Tennessee.  They have an extensive knowledge of the spine with over 60 years of combined experience.  They take their time and listen to you which is a big factor when going to their office.  I've been going to them for years and couldn't imagine going to anyone else.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	 Dr. Badem is great and so is her nurse Rachel.  	5	3	5	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	1	commentsI am so glad to be apart of the knoxville heart group. Dr.Baerman is an awesome doctor i thank God for sending me in his pathway. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	.  Dr Baerman is an outstanding doctor who diagnosed my heart condition and provided excellent direction and advice 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
77	1	 this office was GREAT everytime I took my daughter to this office, we never had to wait longer than 10 minutes. They were very efficient, keep up the good work. I would recommend them to anyone with heart problems.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	1	 Great dentist with a wonderful bedside manner.  Highly recommend.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
84	-1	commentsI'm a young, single female and I didn't choose to return to Alan Bachrach because he was overly friendly, flirtatious and mildly inappropriate (touching my hand and shoulder when not necessary, lingering too long. I ran into him at the store and unfortunately he remembered me. He was outright crude. 	4	3	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
84	-1	commentsI saw him in 2004 for a workman comp injury the entire time he did the EMG on my arm he talked about his inlaws,wife,and his children.I came for treatment not to hear that. After I was injury my left shoulder sits higher than my right he said he just could not see it but everyone else in this world including the judge can. I would never go back to him and take my advice and never use him for a workman comp he will side with them.I now have to take 10 pills a day for nerve damage and for the pain. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	commentsDr. Bachrach does indeed tell the spouse/parent to &quot;be quiet&quot; because he wants to get the patient to speak for him/herself which will truthfully reveal what's actually going on.  I was told the same thing when I took my daughter to see him.  I was not offended because I understood that he was wanting to get truth.  I was asked to talk later after he finished questioning her.  He has been unbelieveably compassionate and understanding with our situation (epilepsy).  I have even called him at home late at night and he was very kind.  My daughter has since married and moved out of state but will continue to see Dr. Bachrach.  He has had her seizures under control from day one.  We think the world of him and his staff. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
84	-1	 he was very rude to me and my spouse. he actually told my spouse to not speak at all until she was told to even though she knew the answers to the questions that i did not. he told me i didnt have anything wrong with me without a real examination. told me most of my illnesses were in my head and that i shouldnt complain so much. he even told some one else that he was seeing to ignore her ADD and it will go away. in fact he told me that if i chant &quot;im healthy&quot; all the time i would be. he even insulted my marriage saying my spouse was too motherly just because she remembered medical history i didnt and she offered it! definitely unprofessional and rude. will never see him again.  	5	1	1	1	Insurance:Aetna
85	1	commentsThe office has a modern and comfortable feel.  Dr. Baer is very careful to minimize any possible discomfort which is nice compared to other medical experiences I've had.  She makes going to the dentist a pleasant experience.  Who knew that was possible! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	 The staff was very friendly and helpful.  I am always nervous when I have to change doctors but was very pleased to meet Dr. Baer.  The office was very pleasant.  It was an all around good experience.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
86	-1	.  This doctor made my back worse and then just dismissed me and said there was nothing more he could do 	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	.  knowledgeable 	4	3	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
