dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	 	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	My father recently seen Dr. Zellner for four bypasses at Memorial Hospital.  The whole experience was the best I've ever had with any doctor, period.  My dad never even took anything (Besides a constant maintenance dose) for pain, and he was very happy with the service.  My father is still alive because of Dr. Zellner and his staff at Memorial.  Keep up the fantastic work. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	I cannot STAND her.  Horrible, horrible bedside manner.  She was 20 minutes late (despite me having one of the first appointments of the day), brusk with me and pressured me into an unnecessary exam.  Then, did the exam and hurt me so bad I almost cried.  If you are going to go to this practice, see Dr. Elder or Dr. Van Nes.  They are MUCH better IMO. 	4	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr. Zite is very patient and kind. She answers all my questions in a very through manner, and I never feel rushed. She is the best gynocologist I have ever had, and I feel fortunate to have found her.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	LOVE Dr Ziebarth!  We drive from Millington just to go to him.  He's wonderfully knowledgable, and very calming.  My 3 boys aged 6 months - 9 years love him!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	He is a wonderful doctor. When you go in with only a concern he listens and checks into it even if it is not visible.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	We have taken our children to this clinic with Dr. Z for over 12yrs. He has been wonderful, knowledgeable, encouraging and calm. He has an amazing ability to connect with the kids and is not put off when they are ill and screaming. He is also one of the only drs I've seen that encourages the parents without putting them down. He really listens to the parents instincts even when there is no obvious problem.I have recommended him for years. We also drive an hour just to see this dr. He and the rest of the clinic is that good.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	. great staff, easy to make appts, doctor Z is great 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
5	-1	It is like talking to a BRICK wall with this Dr.  Very poor communication skills! Very disappointed in this practice.  I wish there were more choices.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
5	0	not a very good doctor 	2	2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	Misdiagnosed condition leading to Stage IV cancer requiring chemotheraphy weekly for remainder of my husband's life. 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Dr. Zic is very good and very thorough. He listens and takes time to explain all options and risks.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	very helpful, answered all questions as if he was really concerned about patient personally. talked as long as patient needed and seemed to really listen.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	She was on-call in the ER when we met her and she became our neuro dr after that. She has been knowledgeable and attentive from the get-go. She is very thorough and listens well. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	I went to several Dr in and around my area over a 2 year period (including Vanderbilt)they could not diagnose my problem. In the second visit she had me doing thing(like eating with my right hand)that I was not able to do for 3 years. She change my life just because she read about my systoms and recognized my problem. This Dr I would recommened for anybody that needs a neurologist.  GOD BLESS !!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	VERY HELPFULL,EASY TO TALK TO.FELT LIKE I WAS UNDER VERY GOOD CARE.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
10	1	Dr. Zhou may be hard to understand, however, he understands what I say.  He is very caring, considerate, and wants to fix the problem. He has helped me enormously. I would definitely recommend him.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
10	1	Very caring. My mother has alzheimers and He explained what I was to expect with the disease and how he could help the family.  I have been to other doctors with my mother and I wouldn't go to anyone else.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
10	1	very thorough and have a listening ears and time to explain the case to his clients.Good bedside manner. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	I was referred to him for a neck problem and he found out that not only did I need surgery for it but I was suffering from Multiple Sclerosis. This helped explain the rest of my symptoms that my internist told me were not important. I had a full body of testing and I am in good helath now. Dr Zhou is from China and his english is broken but he went the extra yards for me and I appreciate that. I thought his office staff was fine as well but the parking at the hospital office was bad.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	-1	Ordered Brain MRI for arm pain caused by tendinitis! The Brain MRI was negative for disease, but because I have that test on my record, I was denied long term health care.  What a joke!! 		2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	-1	Horrible- barely speaks understandable English. Quick to question my daughter's integrity w/o basis. Went straight for prescribing drugs before finding out what was wrong. Would stay away from him.  		3	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
11	1	Doctor was very professional and the entire process went very smoothly.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
11	1	I have seen this doctor several times and recently he performed a colonoscopy procedure on me.  All went well with the procedure.  In his office the staff are pleasant enough but there are occasions when you will have to wait because the doctor is devoting time to other patients.  One time I waited 1 hour for him and when he came in the room I told him that I wasn't happy having to wait so long without any kind of word about his progress.  He was extremely apologetic and explained that there were patients that needed extra time.  He explained that his philosophy was to give quality time to his patients and that patient volume per day was not his goal.  He really seemed genuine in his explanation and his desire to give quality care which is what I believe he does.  I believe you will be in good hands with Dr. Zelig.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
12	1	. dr zelig is very personable, he makes u feel so comfortable, u essentially feel as if u r his only patient, he answers any of your questions and assures u that u will be fine, i have had several surgeries and i would recommend him to everyone who needs an oral surgeon, luv, luv, luv dr zelig 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
12	1	Dr. Zelig is very gentle and does super great work. He did dental implants on me and did a superb jot. Thanks 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	I DON'T THINK HE EVER READ MY MEDICAL RECORDS. EVERY TIME I CAME FOR AN OFFICE VISIT, HE TREATED ME LIKE SOMEONE WHO'D JUST WALKED IN OFF OF THE STREET. HE WALKS AROUND SINGING AND TALKING TO HIMSELF OR MAYBE GOD&#63; HIS OFFICE STAFF THAT HANDLED RECORDS WAS A RUDE, GODLY CREATURE.  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Medicare
14	-1	I came in for a consult. Fancy office. They took to x-rays, I set up the next two appts, at check out they insisted I pay the copay, explained benefits pd at 100%, said copay is still required, also had to pay $24.00 for x-rays. They call the next day and say they cant do the work, referred elsewhere. I insisted on the copay back, received three days later. Below expectations.  	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
15	1	Very helpful! made me know exactly what i was looking for. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Dr. Zahnke was consulted to take care of me during my hospitalization for the birth of my twins.  I had some complications, and he came in the middle of the night to evaluate me and help with my care.  He was wonderful.  Very caring and compassionate.  He did a great job helping to care for me.  I recommend him highly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
16	0	Received an ugly crown, he refused to change.  	3	3	2	3 	Insurance:Delta Dental
17	1	This doctor is caring, comforting, and easy to communicate with. He listens to the patient and discusses any problems he's found in a clear and understandable fashion. He has both experience and expertise.  These, along with the other things I've mentioned, make him tops in my book! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
