dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	 His Staff was so helpful and caring! Dr Paik/ Susanna Schomburg was very knowledge.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
1	1	 great doctor, wonderful staff. The staff is very knowledgeable helpful.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
2	1	 This doctor removed part of my husband's lung in Janurary.My husband is doing great. If you need this type of surgery he is definitaly the right guy, very nice and polite.Staff is also.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	commentsShe was a great help,very knowledgeable in her field. I will definitely see her again! -Nisreen Johnson Paid/Co-pay:$50	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	commentsThis man commited suicide and was going to lose his medical license and had at least 2 malpractice suits against him at the time of his death. 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
24	0	 My complaint with Dr. Pancake is that he acted like I was an idiot when I went in with a flesh colored spot on my nose, acted put out that he had to biopsy it. I got the &quot;last laugh&quot; when it came back basal cell. I don't go to the doctor unless I HAVE to and resent being talked down to. Also, we used him for my son's allergy shots and when they decided not to do them anymore, they didn't bother to tell me until we were out of serum then were left scrambling for a replacement allergist, with NO help from them.  		3	3	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	-1	 Performed unnecessary surgery on my son at age 13. Surgery did not help at all and still has sinus problems to this day. Currently found out that the surgery he performed would not of helped my sons condition at all. Very unfriendly, hateful and a royal pain in the a.. ! I would not reccommend him to ANYONE! 		3	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$100000
24	1	commentsExcellent aesthetic surgical skills. Completely satisfied with all procedures received. I recommend this physisican to everyone around me. I could not imagine another physician who is nicer or who receives a better outcome for his patients. Paid/Co-pay:$20000		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	comments 		2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	 Dr. Pallera helped me sooo much.  He was very kind and I would recommend him to anyone in the world.  He works with the West Clinic.  Very knowledgeable and wonderful doctor...thank you very much.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	 I thought I was just a person, but he listens to me, and actually remembers me. I would not trade him for the world and I have been with him for 5 years. He really listens to his patients! TY, doc.  Jaqueline Catron 	4	5	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	 He is a very nice Dr. and listen's to what you are telling him and he make's sure you know what he's saying. thank you 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
49	1	 Wonderful staff and Dr. My questions was answered in a way I can understand. The Dr. listened to every word i was saying. I haven't felt this great in a long time.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	 Dr. Pagnani and his staff were knowledgeable, effecient, and very kind.  The care that I receieved before and after my knee surgery was just superb.  I at times felt like I was the only patient.  I will continue to go see Dr. Pagnani for any problems with my knee's or shoulder's.   He and his staff are awesome! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
49	1	 The absolute best! Thank you Dr Pagnani and Josh for all your help and for giving me my life back.   I was in pain every day for 2 years and my shoulder feels perfect after surgery 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	-1	 If you care about your health please stay away from Dr. Pagnani. Complications from an unecessary shoulder led to permemant disabilty.  	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	-1	commentsSeems to dislike having questions asked. Told us a treadmill test result was normal. When the person had further difficulties, another cardiologist from Vanderbilt said there were abnormalities in the EKG from the treadmill test. 		3	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	 dr. palmer is very professional in his practice. he is very genuine and he takes his time. he will find the root problem of your issue. he leaves nothing to guess work and explains in human terminology. i would definetely suggest him to anyone.  	3	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	 Great physician.  Very aware of my medical history.  Knew that I went by my middle name.  Listened to everything I had to say, even if it didn't seem medically relevant.  Offered medication as well as therapy.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	commentsbest damn doctor ever, spent more than adequate discussing the effects of my medication and its reactions to my other meds.i would recomend him to anyone 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	comments 	5	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	 Dr. Palmer is amazing!  I went to Dr. Missy down the street previously and she caused me so much pain.  Dr. Palmer has fixed the problems- I would recommend him to anyone.  Amanda is also amazing- very nice and professional.  She takes the time to explain everything to you and gets to know the best way to treat you.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
64	-1	commentsI worked for this man one day. Did not get paid, called all these people that were apparently very tired of constantly being called. I was asked to do something in a patient's mouth (I have no dental degrees)  and after that I felt really bad for a sweet old lady who was getting checked in. Stay away from Dr. Lee Palmer 	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	 I was in Dr Palmers office 10/14/10 and I thought the staff was awesome! The girls at the front desk were very nice and made me feel welcome. I had a very nice conversation with both. I had my teeth cleaned by Amanda and she was such a sweetheart(I am a coward and she took the time to explain what she was doing). A girl named Heather was helping Amanda, she was very nice and reassuring. I had a great visit with no complaints.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	-1	 This place is out of control. Its like finding yourself in a mental institution getting your teeth worked on.  Never go here or you will be sorry 	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	-1	commentsThis man is the most unprofessional person i have ever met. his staff changes weekly according to them he is very rude and unfair tells his employees he will pay them one thing but on pay day its another amount1 Dont ever use this doctor. Paid/Co-pay:$3000	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	commentsI have been a patient of Dr. Palonen for two years and could not be happier with the care I have received.  She always takes time with all my questions/concerns.  I never feel rushed when she is seeing me.      	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
73	-1	commentsDoctor was rude and insensitive to issues concerning my health. Would never recommend her to anyone! She was disrespectable to me as a patient and a human being. Never returned phone calls and seemed to rely on her staff to make way too many decisions. Definitely would not want to rely on her to treat me in a very serious medical crisis!! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	 I have been a pt of dr Palonen for about two years now i left the V.A. Dr's after my sister recommander Dr palonen to me. This Dr realy cares for her pts She takes the time to listen to me everytime I have an appointment with her, this is so important to me when she enters the room it's all about the pt. I realy recommand her in the highest reguard.  B J M 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	 Dr.P was very precise and confident about my DX. I will be sure to tell friends about him.  He is also A great man of God! 	4	5	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	commentsDr. Pack and staff are great. I'm blessed to have such a great doctor, nurses, and staff taking care of my children. Nothing but praise coming from this momma. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	commentsI had the same problem and it started in 2007.  I dont know what happened to her!! 	3	1	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
87	0	 Was a wonderful doctor to me for years, then in 2006/7 I don't know what happened, but couldn't get her or her staff to call back. I was in great need to find out what was wrong and in a great deal of pain. It became rediculous, the staff was to do the dirty work of telling you &quot;whatever&quot;, she never would to your face. I went through 3 months of emergency room and looking for a new doctor until I was diagnosed with Rheumatoid Arthritis and Rhematoid Vasculitis. I would like her and her unfriendly and uncompassionate staff to know how much pain they put me through. I loved going to her for years and would some day like to know what happened. I still haven't replaced her (or the doctor she used to be) but I would like to be treated with respect and honesty and concern for what I was going through. I always gave her name to everyone, but now I have to tell my story, because I did nothing wrong that I know of and went through total hell for 3 months.  	1	4	2	4	Insurance:Medicare
87	1	commentsDr. Pack is an excellent doctor. She is patient and listens to me. She is knowledgeable and helpful. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
88	-1	commentsyou should be very afraid of this doctor , she is a vigilante against parents, you could show up at the ER with a sick baby, and next thing you know,you are being accused of harming the little one. Mary Campbell the so called doctor is evil. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	 Some of the nurses are a little rougher than I like when giving shots.  	4	4	5	4	Insurance:CIGNA
93	1	 Dr. Page takes the time to get to know me as a person, not just as a patient.  He is extremely knowledgeable about not only the basic endocrinology issues like diabetes or thyroid problems, but also about those less well known endocrinology issues such as hypopituitarism.  He is always on time and never rushes you out of the office.  He also takes into consideration the cost of medications, lab work, and office visits and has been willing to work with me when I had a lapse in my insurance.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	1	 Dr. Page is extremely knowledgeable and takes patient's lifestyles into account when helping them form a plan for their diabetes care. He's well informed of the latest advancements in diabetes management and encourages his patients to learn as well.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
