dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Been in Practice for over 40 years. Was a Vet before. 		4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Yes the wait time is long most of the time, but Dr. Le has always been very pleasant and personable.  I have been going them for years.  I have never had a bad experience with any of the providers there. I would highly recommend them if you don't mind the wait.  But they are worth the wait!! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
2	-1	My first visit, my mom & I sat for over 4 hours before I was even called back, then waited another half hour before seeing a nurse/practitioner. She immediately, without many questions raised my pain medication a huge leap. Skip forward several months, and I still didn't know what this doctor looked like because I never saw him. I cried the day that the nurse changed my meds again, for about the forth time, to morphine. I was in pain, but felt this was extreme, especially since I had never even met the doctor yet. Months went by and many medications before I finally met the doctor and he was so rude and unkind, I left crying and went back to my regular doctor for help, who was shocked at all the meds this office had put me on for months on end without ever even talking to dr. le. BTW, every visit was a full day because I always had to wait a very long time to get in.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
3	1	Best doctor I've ever had. Extremely intelligent with an awesome bedside manner. Everything anyone could ever want in a doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	He listens really well and does his best to do what you want. I had a skin cancer that needed to be tested. I wanted it totally removed which he did. Good on him.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
3	1	I LOVE Dr. Laurence.  Have been going to him for years and he is the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	By far one of the best doctors I've been to and THE BEST Pediatrician I've ever had for my kids. He listens to you, answers any questions you have and truly cares for his patients. I have since moved away and I can't find a doctor who is 1/8 of what this Dr. was to my children. He gives his cell phone number in case you have any problems and I've never had any trouble getting in touch with him through the front desk. The wait is a little long at times but when you get in you see it's because he actually spends time with you when most doctors just get you in and out and barely look at you. I'm so upset that we aren't able to see him anymore because he is such a warm, caring, family-man that you rarely get to see in a doctor now.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	Dr. Langenberg is one of the best doctors I have ever been to.  His personality is great and I really felt like he listened to my needs.  I don't really expect him to work for me for free and I don't expect his personal cell number in today's world unless I plan on paying him also for that call.  It is sometimes tough to get through all the front desk stuff to get to him, but once you do things are great.  I have been to a few doctors who have an excellent front desk, but then are not too good once you get in the room to see the doctor.  Langenberg seems to care about you and that is hard to find these days for sure.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	Dr.Mark is awesome. He listens and if he tries to figure out the problem and he can't.He is honest enough to send you to someone else and if you don't like that doctor. He will make a call to another just to get you seen quicker. He gave me his cell and I have had to use and he always got back with me ASAP. SO he is a nice guy he doesn't treat you like cattle running you in and out and come back in a week if that don't work. Because he listens he can usually determine your problems and prescribe what you need so u don't have to come back.  He is an A +++ man and doctor 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	-1	This is the worst dr's office I have ever been to. Nobody will answer the phone, and if by some chance they do, no one knows what is going on or can get an answer for you. You can't speak to the dr. unless you go into the office and pay him for his time. He won't answer phone calls or return emails. My children's last dr would give his patients his cell phone # to call anytime, day or night. This dr. doesn't care about his patients and is only after the money. It would really be nice when a parent has a question about their child's health if they would at least try to provide them with an answer instead of them having to wait for hours on end, worrying with no answers what so ever.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	Dr. Langenberg is a really great doctor, he is the only doctor i will see! he really cares about his patients and gives them the time they desvere, his nurse Kathy is great too. Sometimes it is hard to call into the office, the front desk people are a little gossipy and etc, but Dr. Mark can't help what the front desk does, and I know for a fact he has got onto them in the past for things! He is a stand up christian guy and is always there for his patients, he is the best, and i highly recommend him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	I just love him as a doctor. He has been both my kids ped. since he moved here. he is great, takes my concerns seriously and is just generally a nice person. I also think his nurse Kathy is super. Will not take my kids anywhere else! Mt only complaint is that sometimes it is hard to call in to his office. The front desk sometimes doesn't pick up the phone! I have even seen them do this.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	Dr. Langenburg has been most helpful. He has always worked me in and since I do not have insurance, allows me to make payments, etc. He listens patiently and allows me plenty of time to discuss health concerns. Very happy with Dr. Langenburg and his staff. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	I take my children to Dr. Langenberg and have always been impressed with both his intelligence and his ability to put children at ease.  He takes the time to address any concerns that we may have.  I also think very highly of his nursing staff. They are very knowledgeable and extremely helpful. They have always addressed my concerns and if needed, worked my children in to be seen.  I have not had any bad experiences with the front office staff.  They are busy, but polite.  I would highly recommend Dr. Langenberg to anyone.  You could not ask for a better doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
4	-1	staff is rude and gossipy, nurses are unhelpful, irritable, rude and gossipy. Doctor is uninterested and very inept. The doctor has trouble making simple decisions, forgets to order tests, and forgets the patient is even in the room. He also forgets to write prescriptions and forgets what meds the patient is taking. The entire experience with this doctor is highly disappointing and a little frightening.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Very thorough.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
6	1	I can’t say enough good things about Dr. Faron. In addition to helping you feel better, he cares about your well-being and making you a healthier person overall. He has a passion and love for life that transfers to his work and he is truly unique in his genuine and enthusiastic treatment approach. I was new to chiropractic care but after alleviating tension headaches, I’m sold; and I couldn’t imagine a better chiropractor than Dr. Faron. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	I didn't actually see Dr. Lam... but had a HORRIBLE time working with the staff of Phoenix Perinatal Associates on 92nd Street. They are RUDE and unhelpful and the gal would NOT answer my questions when I called about an appt. I'm not sure I've EVER had a medical-related office be so incredibly rude. She basically hung up on me! Unbelievable and unacceptable! (Especially when I'd been a patient there before!) I would NEVER use them again and would NEVER send anyone I care about there. I just hope they refund the money they overcharged me... UGH! What a rotten experience! :-( My advice: go somewhere else if you have a choice. 	1	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	I appreciated the professional staff at Dr. Larson's office.  He discussed all of the treatment options with me.  He spent more time with me than any other orthopedic surgeon that I have seen.  He was excellent 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
8	1	Dr. Larson and his staff were excellent. He took extra time to answer all of my questions.  I would definitely want him to do my orthopedic surgery 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	-1	 	2	5	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	She has helped my diabetes tremendously. Great caring Doctor.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
9	1	She is very knowledgeable ,but I believe her office over-books too many patients. A visit can take up to 3 to 4 hours, with only 5 minutes with the doctor. She is nice and knows her stuff, the wait to see her is too long.  	4	2	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Very knowledgeable and explains everything so well! His nurse is friendly also.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
10	1	Great Doctor!! Very good listener and takes his time to explain things very well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
11	1	he is very good helps you and really cares about your pain , very knowledgeable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	I am a very complicated pt with a lot of interconnected health issues, he is not only knowledgeable in his field but in others as well. He is always willing to go the extra mile with me to help me understand what is going on and takes the extra time to go over the other concerns that aren't even skin related, I would suggest him to anyone! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	Dr. Leicht was condescending to me as his patient, and seemed more interested in impressing his young interns than answering my questions.  In addition, the skin check he performed was very rushed; I question whether he would have noticed anything but the most obvious skin blemishes.  I will not be returning as his patient.  	5	4	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	. doctor looks like he is livings in the 1960 but is very good at what he does 	4	1	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
13	1	Dr. Lanthorn is very helpful and informative.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
14	1	Very helpful, told me things about myself that no other doctors had before.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	very caring and easy to talk to. completely non judging, very comprehensive facility ( x rays, blood test etc ).  Our whole extended family goes there 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
14	1	Always listens to exactly what I say and makes suggestions to help. Never  medicates if it isn't needed ! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	I have diabetes And when I would have an appointment, she never even checked my blood/sugar level. 	4	4	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	Refused to return my phone calls after inability to diagnose my problem.  I have never experienced a more uncaring attitude with any doctor.  I eventually found a competent physician on my own and was properly diagnosed with a brain tumor. 	2	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Excellent Doctor! When I moved to another state I asked her if she would think about moving there too!   She is the best doctor!  I wish there were more like her. She is always helpful.  She listened and didn't rush.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
14	1	Dr. Lagueux is one of the most caring, considerate and wonderful doctors I have ever known.  She has a great bedside manner and seems to do everything within her power to aid her patients.  She always has a lovely smile for me, even when I am crying in pain and feeling so hopeless and helpless due to my condition.  I  don't even think she realizes how much of a healing help her manner and concern is, along with her medical knowledge and application.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
15	1	He has to be the best doctor my family has ever seen. We even travel out of our way just to see him. Great staff also. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	0	This dentist has two locations: one in Nashville and one in Pleasant View. I scheduled an appointment for a filling a month in advance, since that was the earliest they could get me in. The day I was supposed to get the work done, I arrived to find the office closed! Apparently, Dr. Latimer had a meeting, and &quot;didn't anyone call you to reschedule&#63;&quot; is what I was told when I called. In addition, I called two weeks before this incident with a nasty toothache, was given an appointment for the next day, but it was scheduled at the wrong office! I was registered in Pleasant View with my insurance, and I was assured by the receptionist that that was where I was going, but discovered on the way there, in a snowstorm, that the Pleasant View office isn't open at all on the day I was scheduled. She'd scheduled me in Nashville instead! Needless to say, I have certainly changed my dentist with my insurance.  	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Assurant
17	-1	Dr.Laroche was very rude and did not take any time to talk with me. I will be finding another Dr. 	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Exellent doctor, very professional and understanding 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	I went to Dr. Larson for a couple of years, then I needed medications changed.  He insisted there were no interactions between the medications I was on.  Had to talk to my obgyn to get a new doctor.  I was not satisfied with him thinking he knows everything.  Sometimes change can be a good thing. 	4	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Really liked this guy.  He listened and he made recommendations based on what he perceived as my needs.  He was not too quick to jump to a conclusion.  He was not trying to give a new diagnosis.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
18	0	Dr. Larson has not been very helpful in our situation. We are in a situation where meds need to be changed but he is not willing to go outside of his box of medications to try something else.  Serious metal illness that needs help and he is unwilling to help.  Basically sent us out the door without helping or any type of guidance. 	3	3	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	I have plenty of respect for Dr. Larson as he will not prescribe any medications just because the pharmaceutical reps are constantly in the office building (he usually recommends established generics anyway). Obviously, there's a lot of trial-and-error in prescribing medications for psychiatry, but he keeps extremely up to date with the latest national research findings and has an encyclopedic memory of what has worked for his other patients so he can give you percentages of how successful certain medications have been for his other patients. He stays very booked, so try to not cancel your appointment if at all possible, or you will likely have to wait several weeks, as he is in high demand. 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Doctor is very professional.  Refers other top notch doctors for areas of medicine that are experts, I have had back operation, Heart exams and physical therapy which have resolved my problems 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	Generally nice demeanor. She performed my son's circumcision and I wasn't happy with the results but she is a great doctor.  	5	4	4	3 	Insurance:Aetna
20	1	She is great! Dr. Lacy is a great listener and really cares about her patients well-being. I have recommened her to several friends. Plus, the office staff is great. I never wait long for an appointment.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	She delivered both of my boys.  I adore her.  She has the best bed side manner too.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	I saw Dr. Lee in 2010 for colonoscopy looking for kidney stones. Upon meeting Dr. Lee she remebered me from a previous colonoscopy or at least she read my file from 2000. I was impressed because I had forgotten her. After my procedure she diagnosed me and I was in surgery for removal of colon cancer within 5 days. Thanks to Dr.Lee's knowledge and quickness I didn't need any chemo or radiation just follow ups with my oncologist.Dr. Lee made me feel very comfortable. She was very patient with all my questions no matter how trivial. She laughed with me and gave me the strength I needed to get through.Thank you DR Lee &amp; everyone in your office. You're a blessing.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
21	-1	Didn't know anything about Celiac. Saw her initially in 2004 misdiagnosed as IBS. Forced her to give me biopsy in 2006 for Celiac.  Knew little about disease 	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
21	1	Very knowledgable and good bedside manner 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	. very good and always tries to get the medicines i need and tries to give me samples when available 		4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Dr LeNoir has been my doctor for twelve years, He is always there if i need him. My mother moved here from Florida and didn't have any insurance he saw her anyways till she got her insurance. I have had to go to a lot of other doctors for other things but he always makes sure that I'm took very good care of. I would tell anybody looking for a great doctor you will not find a better one 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	. prompt, curtious, informative, pleasant bedside manners, humorous, personable 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
24	1	In July 2010 I went to Dr. Larimer for incontinence problems.  I had been to other doctors who only treated me for over active bladder. The pills did not help. I am so happy Dr. Larimer found the porblem, which was my uretha tube and not over active bladder. He put in a sling and I am amazed of the results. I was very pleased with him and all of his staff. I felt very comfortable with all of them. The only draw back was waiting time, but my results have made it worth the wait.  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
24	1	Dr. Larimer was attentive and concerned. He was easy to talk to and explained my diagnosis completely.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
24	1	Very good communication with patient.  Willing to explain what he is talking about in language patient can understand.  Welcomes questions.  Takes time to listen to patient and patient's concerns.  Willing to adjust treatment if one doesn't work.  Shows consideration for patient. Relates well to patient with limited understanding abilities.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
24	1	This doctor is very good in his field, and cares about his patients.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
25	0	Took care of my friend that passed away from breast cancer with spreading to brain, bones and liver.  He knew she was dying. The morning of her death, he told her 80 year old mother he was concerned and wanted to run more tests.  She died 1 hour later!  Where was his compassion to not tell the mom I have done all that I can do. TERRIBLE bedside manner! Oh yeah, many affairs!! Wife finally left him! 	5	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Dr. Lamb is an honest no punches withheld Dr.  But he does everthing he can to help you get back to health. You mught not like what he says but it is only the truth and who wants to have Cancer. He will sit and talk to you as long as you need him to until all your questions are answered. That is why the clinic sometimrs seems to run a little behind.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
26	1	The staff is excellent and very friendly.  Dr. Leavitt does a great job.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	BEST DOCTOR I have ever seen. You hear of people being born with a certain gift and Dr. Lavin was born with the a gift and he uses it well. I have never seen a more knowledgeable doctor. He always takes the time to answer all of my questions. He is never in a big hurry, and he personally returns calls when I need assitance between visits. I recommond him over any nurologist I have seen. I even drive 3 hours one way to see him because it is worth it.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	I LOVE THIS DOCTOR! We read some scary things about him online. DO NOT BELIVE THEM!  I was nervous about him examining my husband, but he was WONDERFUL!  Very caring, compassionate and knowledgeable. I have absolutely no complaints. I knew nothing about him before we went other than the bad reviews.  They are totally wrong.  PLEASE don't let them discourage you.  You will be missing a chance at seeing a great doctor.  Make up your own mind after you see him.  I am sure you will love him as much as we did.   THANK YOU DOCTOR LAVIN!! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
27	1	I found Dr. Lavin to be very knowledgable. He did a thorough exam and answered my questions. He reviewed my mri films and explained them to me, and offered medication suggestions.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	-1	Rude. Refused to listen. Arrogant. Used a magnifying device ON my eye that was merely wiped with a paper towel and stored in a non-sterile red cloth lined case. The absolute worst doctor I've ever experienced.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	-1	The meanest Dr I have ever been to and something is reallyh wrong with him. He told me to stop talking and demanded I shut up and not to get close to him. What&#63;&#63; I don't even know what he was referring to and I have heard other crazy stories about him. He was mean on the phone and could care less about anyone but himself. He is nuts. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	Love my doctor, hated Dr. Lavin.  Rude, patronizing and arrogant.  Discussed me as a third person to the Resident during the exam.  Was gruff when answering questions, the few that he allowed to be asked.  Insulted my companion and myself and left without giving any type of diagnosis, explanation or even vague thoughts.  We had waited 2 hours and 45 mins. after being taken into the exam room for this type of treatment.  Bedside manner - None.  I am a veteran of many doctors and hospitals and work in the health care field. There is absolutely no justification for this type of treatment.  I seriously considered lodging a formal complaint with Vanderbilt.  Psychiatry&#63;   Please, he needs some counseling himself.  There are plenty of great neurology specialists out there, if referred to Dr. Lavin, request someone else.  Anyone with an illness will only feel worse after seeing him. 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	I can go into great detail but that is not necessary to tell you he was insulting, degrading and told me to be quiet several times. He aske me how my head felt and as we sat across from each other at his table, I reached out to touch his finger to show him how my head was pulsing. He told me immediately to never touch him again. I had a severe migraine at the time and started crying. He told me I was depressed. No I am not and never or ever have been. I taught special ed for 21 years and know how to bring success to people who are in pain. He was horrible!! I heard other stories about him too and my regualar Dr was shocked to hear this. I am trying to warn anyone not to go to him. I am just a normal everyday happy person and finally found another great great Dr and am pretty much migraine free. 	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Staff has always been helpful, they have a great referral ofc. Never had to wait more than 15 min. w/ appt. Seems to be very caring and compassionate. Have recommended family and friends to him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
28	-1	The staff is not friendly and the wait time is 3-4 hours. 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	I practiced as a Physicain Asst., with an elder population and can attest to Dr. Lemons competence--he knows geriatrics. He also seems to be a very caring man.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
28	0	Myself and my elderly mother were briefly homeless and &quot;Doctor&quot; Lemons tried to force my mother to take an apartment and stated that he did not care whether I lived on a sidewalk. He also tried to drop me as a patient when my mother refused to take the apartment and leave me on the streets. I lost respect for him after he did this when I had liked him before this.  	4	4	3	3 	Insurance:Medicare
29	1	An excellent physician who cares about his patients. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	. walk in clinic doctor - very knowledgeable and caring - listens to what you have to say concerning reason you are there, asks if you have any other medical issues, explains treatment and or medications - definitely recommend 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	Loves kids and great guy. Very knowledgable about medicine. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Sensitive, intelligent physician who took the time to address my concerns and listen to what I had to say.  Many other physicians just dismissed me, but he was fantastic.  Excellent epi.  Also, office staff is great about returning phone calls or addressing problems.  Would highly recommend to anyone.  	 1/23/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	We just love Dr. Mark! He really goes out of his way to help and be concerned for his patients. I know that I can text or call him with any concern and he will help me. Plus, he found my grandpa's heart problems when another doctor did not.  My whole extended family loves him too! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	he is a wonderfulcaring doctor we r blessed to have him in our town 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	I have been going to this dentist for probably 5 years now.  They are wonderful.   Lawyer and the hygenists are great people and are good at what they do! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
34	1	What a wonderful wonderful doctor, dr leach has always been. I have been recommending him for more than 20 yrs. He delivered my 4 sons and performed several surgeries on me. He has a great,attentive, and friendly staff that has always made for a pleasant experience.  It has always been my opinion that dr leach is definitely the absolute best ob/gyn in these parts!!! Not to mention he is very easy on the eyes!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
34	-1	this man almost killed me with a simple procedure, he put a sling under my bladder b/c i had mild leakage, when i came out of surgery my foley was full of my blood and had to go to Vanderbilt for emergency surgery to repair my very damaged bladder, b/c he actually put the sling through my bladder and not under it, 2 blots in my lungs from back to back surgeries,  and a blood clot removed the size of a cantoloupe from my pelvic wall and wearing a foley for 45 days....... I WOULDN'T SEND MY DOG TO HIM!!!!! I ended up having his surgery and then 2 more to fix the damage he did, and where i wasn't leaking that bad to begin with, well now its so bad but i will have to live with that and a daily antibiotic to keep the bladder infections away...  DO NOT GO TO THIS **** PLEASE 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	-1	Dr Leach inserted a bladder sling 10 minute surgery. 1 week later I had to go to Vanderbilt to have the sling removed because he jammed it through my bladder and I had a canalope size blood clot. the day before going to Vanderbilt leach said she had GAS an looking 9 months pregnant was just gas. and the 102 fervor was normal.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	She's the best doctor I've seen for depression, marriage issues, addictions issues regarding family members.  Overall, wonderful.  Works on areas of concern that you choose.  My son was turned off toward any psychology until he went to her. He's 18 and even he likes her.  Would highly recommend.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
35	1	I find this lady to one of the best in her field! She is very personable and genuinely tries to help you with problems. She makes suggestions and offers advice; she is very involved and does not try to make you figure it out for yourself. I would highly recommend her. You won't regret it.  	 3/17/09	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
36	1	I've been going to Dr. Langworthy for about 20 years.  He is wonderful.  He really listens to what you're saying, doesn't make you feel rushed, and shows true care and compassion.  I once went to several specialists for a particular problem and in the end he was the one that helped me the most because he actually took the time to hear what I was saying.  I can't speak highly enough of Dr.  Langworthy! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	-1	Two PAs and one Nurse Practitioner. Good luck ever actually seeing Dr. Langworthy. Forces separate appts. for everything so if you go in for upper respiratory issues but you have a question about your cholesterol meds, forget it. Incorrect paperwork/insurance filing results in overcharges to patient. Has happened multiple times. Rude office manager. Staff confused on insurance policies.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	Dr. Langworthy always gives me full attention and shows genuine concern. Also seems to be very thorough. Very pleased with him as my doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	Best General Practice Doctor on the planet!!! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Very nice and caring Doctor. The staff are just as caring and nice too.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
37	1	Very personable doctor. Listened to my problems and helped me sort out the possible causes. After a stress test and heart ultrasound, it was determined I didn't have any heart problems. I was very grateful to Dr. Lauro as he was very compassionate and caring with me. I have 2 friends who also see him and they are very pleased with his care. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	I love the doctor but the front desk girls are so rude.  They didnt even look up at me.  It would be worth his money to invest in new front desk employees. They are the first people the patients see and they have to power to run the practice to the ground.  	1	3	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
38	1	For us Dr. Lazar was the perfect ENT.  He handled our handicapped with amazing understanding and patience from day 1.  He willingly worked as part of a team of specialists to keep our son as healthy as possible.  When our finances hit rock bottom, he did not charge us for office visits and treatments our son had to have.  We will always be extremely grateful for such a wonderful physician. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	The support staff there was excellent and Dr. Lazar himself, a true pleasure to meet. I enjoyed Lazar's complete understanding that he was working for me. He's a breath of fresh air compared to doctors that treat you like they're doing you a favor. Anyway, I recommend Lazar's entire practice.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
38	-1	Been seeing him 10 years! Something has happened. Even if the doctor is great you will loose your health over dealing with the billing!!!  Just received notice from attorney that we supposedly have owed Lazar over $5,000 for 2 years.  Never heard about this before now.  This also happened about 8 years ago when they again changed billing companies.   And this is all for a surgery that went wrong!  He referred us to Shay Ear Clinic which is even Worse!  Had to finally go to Vanderbuilt to get child's ear repaired! You have options, you don't have to deal with harassment due to poor record keeping! 	5	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	I live in Arkansas and was referred to Dr. Lazar.  The front desk people were so friendly!!  Maybe they are just nicer on the other side of the bridge but the nurses were all so helpful and Dr. Lazar was very nice and concerned about the issues we were having.   I would refer him to everyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
38	1	The staff was great, but Dr. Lazar is clearly the rockstar of the practice. His experience and sense of humor is very helpful (and reassuring). I have a long standing sleeping issue and look forward to its resolution. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Never had a problem with insurance. Because I called MY insurance company to see if Dr was in the loop. It is your responsibility to do that.  Both kids, one niece and husband are much better for his care! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
38	-1	This Doctor has been a dear friend until we started recieving bills for surgery that was never performed.  Could not get collection person from harrassing us and his billing manager would not call us back.  He was indicted for this a few years back and I could not believe it until it happend to us.  He has billed us for over $5000 for sugery never performed and the insurance paid part of it.  	 5/21/09	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	0	Used Lazar for over 10 yrs with both children. I always thought he was great.  What happened&#63;&#63;  Now Office visits are reported to insurance as surgery.  Also, office staff lied and told us he was in bc/bs network prior to surgery. They accepted our copay's everytime.  Now we owe this huge bill!!  Cannot get staff to return our calls about bills.  Also, he refered us to Shea Ear Clinic when complications came up on the last surgery he performed. They turned out to have very questionable practices.  Read comments on Dr. Paul Shea.  Shame such a good doctor has gone bad.   Still fighting payments:  go elsewhere! 	1	1	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	-1	Dr Lazar charged BS/BS for an in-office surgical procedure that he did not do. He also, wanted to perform a hospital surgical procedure that my family physican suggested, 'I get a second opinion on'. The second opinion ENT, while very tactfull, said that the surgery Dr Lazar wanted to do, was not medically necessary. There are several ENT doctors in the Memphis area. Schedule an appointment with anyone else other than Dr Lazar. Finally, Dr Lazar's office staff told me went I asked on my initial visit, that they accept BC/BS. Dr Lazar is not in the BC/BS network. I felt that I was being scammed by Dr Lazar & his staff.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	-1	Dr. Lazar office accepted my insurance and took my co-pays on every visit with my child.  My child had to have tubes placed in his ears.  When his office filed my insurance it cam back unpaid because Dr. Lazar is considered out of the loop.  I called his office and spoke to insurance person and office manager to see if they had verified the insurance before the surgery and I am not able to get a straight answer from his office.  So my questions is&#63;  Is Dr. Lazar still getting insurance payments for procedures that insruance companies do not cover because he could be considered out of the loop and his office staff are telling the patients that they are covered.  This is what he got in trouble for at LeBoheur Hospital doing taking the TN car pay offs for procedures he did not perform.  It is still stealing.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
38	0	Was told by office staff that he toke my son's insurance, which in fact he doesn't. They took a copy of the insurance card and my co-pay everytime never once telling me that Dr.Lazar dosesn't take Blue Cross. I am currently fighting this issue with them. They seem to never call back to follow up with me on this issue.  	1	2	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	-1	Charged for services not performed (larygoscopy)and will not remove item from billing.  Labled the procedure as &quot;surgery&quot; which, if it had been performed, we would gladly pay for.  	2	3	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	Insurance issues and some of the staff lack people skills but Dr. Lazar is fantastic!! 	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	One great ENT. He has assisted us with four of our children. Extremely knowledgable, in tough problems he is the one to go to.  Highly recommend 		4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
38	1	Willing to see tenncare patients and willing to answer questions. Likes to joke around with patients to put you at ease. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	-1	very rude very late he did a surgery for my baby and did not talk to me about anything or answer any of my questions. very rude doctor... 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
38	-1	very rude and not helpful at all.done surgury and now dosent wanna help me with easing the pain. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
39	-1	I dont know why they call these people MD's.  Dr. Lensgraf is completely unknowledgeable.  I was in a car accident and my lawyer sent me here for treatment.  He basically told me excatly what I already knew.  The only thing he cares about is racking up an extremely high bill and milking it for all it is worth.  I wouldnt recommend him to anyone.  So if you want to have outrageous bills for mediocre care, then this is the place to go! 	2	1	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	On Christmas day I swallowed a crown I had had for over 10 yrs.  Since moving to Murfreesboro I had not found a dentist so on the recommendation of a friend I called Dr. Leech on the 26th.  His office was not open but I left a message,  he called me back with in an hour.  Even though I was not an established patient he opened his office just for me.  I have been back several times since then.  I'm a big baby when it comes to dental work, he is very caring and compassionate.  His office staff is amazing and try very hard to accommodate schedules.  I would highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
40	-1	Two years ago a dentist found 7 cavities.  I had three filled on the left side, but the dentist hurt me so badly I didn't get the other four taken care of.  Now every single time I eat something sweet the teeth with cavities hurt like crazy.  I made an appointment with Dr. Leech because he could get me in quickly.I did explain to them that my dental insurance was changing in the next week, and it wouldn't be as good.  They take x-rays, he prods my teeth (which HURT), and then tells me that there isn't anything wrong. When I say &quot;If there isn't anything wrong -no cavities- why do my teeth hurt so bad&#63;&quot; He basically tells me that the stress of my dental insurance changing can sometimes make people think that there is something wrong when there isn't.  To say that I was totally speechless is an understatement. I've never actually had someone say something like that to me before. I would make up my pain, hire a sitter for the afternoon... because my insurance is changing&#63; will never go back 	3	5	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
41	-1	This Dr. refused to speak with me about my MRI results, &quot;did not have time, make an apt.&quot;  needless to say I am taking my records to someone who can spend 3-5 minutes on the phone.  I feel she was very unpro 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	He is a disgrace to the medical profession. I can see why he is so very low rated. My visit to his office was a horrille experience. He needs to go back to La. &amp; stay away from Tn.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
42	-1	I was completely open and honest with Tom Lavie, yet he brought in students and other non doctors to review our office visits, which is completely improper.  For my panic attacks, which lasted hours and made me feel like I was about to die, he prescribed benidryl (spelling&#63;) and when that didn't work, he told me to meditate.  The medicines he prescribed to me didn't work, and I told him, and his response was, &quot;I can't keep doing this for you.&quot;  Finally he refused to treat me, but this turned out to be a good thing, because I found a good doctor who helps me with my mental problems.  Don't go to Tom Lavie, he is worthless, unless of course you don't really have any mental problems . . . maybe he will meditate with you.  	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
42	-1	. Very little time with patients - assigns to other doctors who do not follow up with you, 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	-1	If you want to be treated like crap, then this is the doctor for you! I know he gets alot of troubled people in his office, but when my husband and I were referred to him before my husband's brain surgery, he was curt and acted like he was being inconvenienced every time we saw him. He treated my husband like he was an idiot because he had anxiety and feelings he couldn't quite distinguish, but good grief, if he was getting his head cracked open he would be a little anxious too! After the surgery, we asked him to copy our neurologist on his notes, so they could both be on the same page. Evidently that was too much to ask because he said &quot;well I don't see why you can't tell her, its not like its brain surgery!&quot;  The man is an insensitive jackass. Who makes those kinds of comments to a person esp. when they did just have life altering brain surgery&#63; He may be good for more severe cases, but he was demeaning and horrid to my husband and I. 	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Dr. Lawdon is a breast surgeon and performed two mastectomies on me.  She is kind, compassionate, caring, considerate, and became like one of our family.  You will love her!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	She was extrememly rude and didn't give me a chance to ask questions. She also told information to a family member after I told her not to do so!!!! Will NEVER go back! 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	She spoke to me as if I was a child. I never went back. Horrible personality 	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	I found Dr. Lebrun to be very judgemental and harsh in her bedside manner, which is not such a good quality in a gynecologist.  	5	5	2	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
44	-1	I agree with the other comment. This Doctor has the worst bedside manner and is very rude. She told my daughter she was  stupid she was for getting pregnant at 23. This group also ignored all our worries about the amount of water my daughter was retaining. It took the emergency room staff to find out that she was having heart failure. She had Peripartum Cardiomyopathy and the doctor's group totally ignored the signs. Thank God she was sent to Ft Sanders where she finally got good docs and spent 3 months in there until she delivered twin girls. All are doing good now but I almost lost them all because this group thinks the patient is dumb.  	2	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	0	I have never been treated so badly in all my life. She has the worst bedside manner!  I would never go back to Dr. Lebrun, nor would I take my dog to her.  She's an AWFUL doctor! 	4	2	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	This doctor brings you back every month to get a 30 day prescription only to get the doctor visit payment. She renews prescriptions but does not give good medical care.  Resist sending patient to get Xrays, speciality treatment, or other medical procedures outside her office regardless of symtoms.  She has had one malpractice suit settlement against her in 2008 and possibly has had another malpractice suit filed in 2010.  2008 resulted in the death of her patient because she didn't take the time to see if the patient had received her dialysis the previous day before telling her patient to wait until the next day to go back to dialysis. She died that same day.She did not take the time to double check if proper treatment was received could have prevented untimely deaths.  In my opinion she has a practice to provide monthly income without going the extra step to insure her patients have all the medical care they could receive.  	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
46	1	Dr. Lambright is an amazingly caring and skilled physician.  I trusted him completely and my surgery was successful.  I highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
46	1	Dr. Lambright explained every step of the process for a lung biopsy and follow-up treatment to me with patience. He answered each question I asked. Made me feel at ease. Showed empathy &amp; was well recommended by 2 other doctors outside of VB. The clinic nurse wasn't friendly &amp; made me feel like I was bothering her being there. Otherwise, a good experience. 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Dr. Lambright preformed a Bi-lateral Lung Volume Reduction surgery on me in August of 2009. I found Dr. Lambright to be a very skilled, knowledgeable surgeon. His treatment of me in and out of the operating room has resulted in a far better outcome than even he anticipated I think. My surgery time was delayed because of him being in surgery already, but that only improved my opinion of him because he did not hurry that patients surgery just because he knew I had been waiting for several hours. He was caring and concerned with any post operative problems I had. My follow-up appointments after surgery have been great, he lets me know where I am in my recovery process and where I need to go from here to continue to improve and get the best results possible from the surgery. He has been open and honest with me about my condition and still friendly and caring.I would definitely recommend him to anyone needing a Thoracic Surgeon.  	 9/22/09	4	4	5	Insurance:Coventry
46	1	Dr. Lambright is an amazing doctor and surgeon who takes time with each and every patient.  He has done all of my surgeries and I would let anyone else touch me! He still keeps with me and my health to this day! A+++++ Doc!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	0	Dr. Lambright is an excellent surgeon, but is very cold, and shows no concern for his patients' welfare after the surgery. 	3	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	He was extremely helpful, knowledgeable and understanding in a time where I thought I was dealng with Tyhroid Cancer. He made has an amazing personality and I would definitely recommenmd him to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	Excellent doctor; knowledgeable and caring. 	 8/2/07	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
49	-1	I would not recommend this Dr or this office to anyone. I have been going to her for over 2 years now and it has gotten worse as time goes on , and it is at the point to where I will find another group. She is always rusing during appts with me , and she has had me get more testing for certain issues and the amount of time to hear back was absolutely ridiculous. Also she makes you schedule appts to follow up for things like changing a birth control from generic to brand! I had a Urinary tract infection her office said , but they never called me anything in and after a week, I finally had to call for results but is never actually treated for the UTI. Please don't spend your time there, it is a waste.  	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	We were very pleased with his care for our son when he had his tonsillectomy in 7/09, from preop to postop. He gave us detailed instructions &amp; knew how to alleviate a mother's anxiety. He personally called us post op to check on our son. We did have to wait a long time in the office/exam room.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	Great surgeon. He did my surgery in Alabama in the mid 80's when he practiced at Medical Center East. I would drive to Tennessee if I needed surgery. Dr. Lantz also performed surgery on my Mother and she was pleased.  Great Doctor who really cares about his patients. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	Did a good job diagnosing me and fixing my sinus problems. Good to talk to and not often do I wait more than 15 minutes to see him and the staff knows my name. Asks about my family & seems genuinely concerned.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
51	1	. very pleased with him he helped me very much 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
52	1	great job with my headaches. also helped with my low back 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	Dr. Larsen is truly amazing.  After many years of being misdiagnosed, it took one visit for him to properly diagnose me and we went from there.  He is very intelligent and actually sits down and listens to you.  He spends as much time with you as needed and you leave his office feeling much better than you did when you came in.  I have told everyone I know about him and his awesome staff.  In this day in age, it's hard to find doctor's and/or surgeons who honestly care about and understand your situation.  He has helped make my life much easier.  Also, if surgery is required, the staff is amazing.  I've had surgeries at MTMC and MTASC and Stonecrest blows them out of the water.  I'm so blessed I was able to find the help I needed. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	I have known Jeffrey Larsen for over 25 years- since the age of 12, well before he was a successful surgeon- and can honestly say he is one of the most caring, considerant and understanding human beings you will ever have the privilage of meeting. I have seen his rise from very, very humble beginnings(that most of us would not even dream of)and know that if only 10% of his character, concern and care as a human being is shown to his  patients, he would have to be one of the most wonderful and caring physicians in the country.  I highly recommend Jeffrey Larsen, not only as a physician/surgeon but as a person you can trust, talk to and actually like, knowing he really cares about you and your immediate and ongoing health.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	Dr. Larsen was great! Very Easy going and sits down when he comes in and talks and is very intrested in who you are.  He did my gallbladder surgery Oct of 2007. Very easy to recover. The staff at the Surg Center were nice too.  I would go to him for another surgery if I needed it! :) 	 5/13/09	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	The Best!!...Very helpful and knowledgable....felt totally at ease..made sure that I was sent to a specialist for my situation..Took alot of time explaining and answering questions...followed up as well... Great Doctor! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	He is the most helpful and down to earth doctor I know..I would travel anywhere he went. I truly trust him with my life. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Under his care 4+ years, found him caring and attentive through good times and bad.  Quickly confers with other MD's to identify problems outside his area, but remains focused on his patient's issues and care. He listens.  Highly recommended. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	It takes several months to get an appointment for just a check up. But, when you do get there, you get his full undivided attention. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	 	4	4	5	3 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	. BEST DOCTOR IN TN!!!! BEST ON SURGERY FOR US WOMEN!! HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMEND TO EVERY WOMEN 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
57	1	Wonderful doctor. Very friendly, and VERY helpful. I would recommend him to any other woman I know.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
57	1	GREAT doctor best I've had since I've been in clarksville tennessee. And will continue to see him forever!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
58	-1	I was diagnosed with Pseudotumor Cerebri. My first visit with him was great, he had a wonderful bedside manner. But on the way out I was going to schedule my follow up, I was told there was no need. To simply call for refills of the medication he prescribed. I have had the worst headache of my life for 3 days now. I have called his office 4 times and was told everytime, &quot;I will talk to him and call you back.&quot; I have not received a phone call and none of my other physicians are willing to help because they do not feel comfortable &quot;stepping on his boundaries.&quot; So, what am I suppose to do&#63;&#63; Just have horrible headaches from now on&#63;&#63; 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
58	-1	Warning!!!!!!!!!!!! Do not go if you are a worker's comp. patient. 	1	5	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	despite multiple relapses of cdiff at the hospital by both of my parents, the head of infetious diseases did not assume any responsibility for directing their treatment, refused to arrange for a second opinion...  and now my mom is dead...   stay away from st thomas.   with a world wide recognized leader at vandy a short distance away, why go to  st thomas&#63; 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	LOVE this doctor. He figured out my problem very quick and even called me to check on me. He was also my father's doctor.  My whole family loves him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	Dr. Lee is easy to talk to and understanding. He personally called me on several occasions with test results and recommendations. I would recommend him to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	Top notch in my book.  Has treated me for over eight years.  Trusting, he cares about your well being and goes the extra mile. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	 	3	2	5	3 	Insurance:Unknown
60	-1	A very ODD doctor! He seems like his mind was somewere other than where it should be. Did not like him and I would never go back. I dont think he likes his job&#63; 		2	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	The office staff is extremely rude. They are very slow to respond to phone calls, even emergencies. The doctor doesn't seem caring and wouldn't entertain the idea of changing antibiotics when the first type didn't work.  Not a friendly, caring, concerned atmosphere.  We would never recommend this office to anyone and after two visits will never return.  	1	3	2	2 	Insurance:Assurant
61	-1	Had an allergy/reaction to materials in partials. When I told him how sick I had got and it was all it could be, he barked like a seal and flipped his hands like flippers. In stead of helping me find the problem he told my insurance company that wasn't it costing me $10,000 in STD benefits when I was so sick.  	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	I took my teenage daughter to see the Doc, His communication and response to my daughter was great she left his office very informed of her condition and waht to do. He was in a hurry to diagnose her. He was carefull to rule out other conditions  and that was very  important to me. He is very personable. He answered questions called us back for lab explanation on a friday afternoon. I will comfortably recommend him to others.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	To the person who is a &quot;pre med student&quot;...Shouldn't you KNOW already that those drugs are toxic to your liver&#63; Also, it is YOUR responsibility as a patient to read the side effects listed with each and every medication you take. &#63;&#63; I totally disagree with you. Dr. Lagrone is AWESOME! I have been seeing Dr. L for the past 13 years and he has helped me regain the ability to walk and use my arms. I have severe RA that was out of control. I am now on a regimen that allows me to live a NORMAL life. Remicade and Prednisone are wonderful drugs. They CAN be dangerous, but you take the good with the bad. Every month prior to my infusion, my blood is drawn and I am checked for kidney/liver/blood abnormalities.  Also, did he even draw your blood&#63; How is he to know that you were having elevated liver enzymes w/out doing labs on you&#63; 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	Dr. Lagrone and his staff are wonderful. I would not go to any other Rheumatologist. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	No words completely desccribe the pleasant, relaxing &amp; knowledgable experience. The staff and atmosphere are there just for the patient's comfort. Dr LaGrone and his NP are abundantly informed with the latest in disease control. They both take alot of time with the patient and family, answering any and all questions thoroughly. My disease has been managed quite well by Dr LaGrone, his NP, and capable staff.  I can now work efficiently, continue my hobbies, and more importantly - enjoy family and friends.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	I have been seeing Dr. Lagrone since 2000. Prior to that I had seen all kind of doctors who could not figure out what was wrong with me. I had gone from an active full-time employee, part-time college student, working out at the Y 3/4 days a week. Then I started to get fatigued, achy, no energy. Other  doctors ran all kinds of tests and there was no diagnosis. I saw Dr.Lagrone and for the first time I had hope. There was a name to what I had - fibromyalgia. It's not an easy illness to treat. Each patient is different. He has taken the time to keep me informed of new treatments and we have finally come up with a good mix of drugs that help me manage. Yes, it's true that he has a lot of meds in his arsenal and dispenses them accordingly but rheumatological diseases aren't cured. They're managed. And drugs are part of that along with physical therapy, lifestyle changes, etc which He also addresses. And he does all of this while showing a lot of compassion and dignity to this patient.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	I completely disagree with the last statement posted.  Dr LaGrone and his NP are the most knowledgeable physician/np that I have come to know.  Too bad some people just don't like to hear they have nothing wrong with them.  Some need to seek psychiatric care rather than medical care. They may be better able to diagnosis you.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
62	-1	The comments that were negative about Dr. Lagrone were acurate including about the NP. If your disease is not obivious, which can happen he will brush you off and give you the most popular drug. As a pre med student, its astounding how those that have the authority and knowledge can lead those astray. After gettin my medication from Dr. Lagrone, I had went into the e.r complaining about stomach pain. Come to find out my liver enzymes where elevated, when i spoke to Dr. Lagrone he took me off the only medicine he hadnt prescribe. 3 wks later his NP told me they had reviewed my file and saw nothing. It was only God, that gave me the feeling something wasnt right. So i checked all of the medicines he gave. Astoundingly, every medication he gave me attackes my liver. If that doesnt tell you anything nothing will. He is like so many physicians, out to get paid and rob the american pple instead of beig honest. He has no clue nor does his NP.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	After two years of being passed around from doctor to doctor, I was referred to Dr. Lagrone.  At my first appointment, he was able to ,ale a diagnosis and begin treatment for something much more minor than the things I had been led to believe were causing my troubles.  He spent almost an hour talking to me and my husband and made himself available to both of us should we have questions or concerns later down the road.   I left feeling a great bit of relief and knowing I have a knowledgable doctor who is on my side!  I would recommend him to anyone! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	I have been a patient for 6-7 years and have always gotten excellent treatment.   I can't imagine anyone not happy with Dr LaGrone or his staff 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
62	1	Dr Lagrone is caring and always take the time to go over things with me. I think he is a miracle!      	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	VERY KIND AND HELPFUL.  EXCELLENT BEDSIDE MANNER 		1	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
62	1	Dr Lagrone is wonderful. He is very knowledgable and takes time to explain everything to you. I could not think more of him.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	-1	He could not figure out which autoimmune disorder I have. He lets his male NP see many of his patients. The NP doesn't have much a knowledge base in rheumatology.  		4	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	-1	I get the feeling that the doctor doesn't rally have time to see me when I visit. I make an appointment and I have an illness, but it is as if he is preoccupied with some other issue.  		1	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	-1	Dr. was recommended to me as an excellent MD who might be able make a diagnosis and treat my &quot;mystery malady&quot;. He requires you to have a series of blood tests done before he will see you. Mine were normal now (have been abnormal in the past) and he refused to see me. He may be very knowledgeable and I may be underating him in that respect but he was of no help whatsoever to me and I was left feeling that he only wanted to deal with problems that were easy to solve. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	Dr. LaGrone is one of the best physicians I've met and has treated my rheumatoid arthritis for the past 3-4 years. He keeps up to date with new treatments/medications and has a vast amount of knowledge. He helped diagnose a problem for my husband that had nothing to do with arthritis. He is an upbeat, very positive individual. 	 4/14/06		4	5	Insurance:Unknown
62	-1	Has a great rep, but will not see anyone who does not presently have abnormal test results. Sounds like he may not want to be bothered unless the disease is very obvious. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	Excellent.  She fixed the problem right away 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	Dr Lancaster is a wonderful doctor and I would highly recommend him.  I searched a long time to find a doctor that will listen to you and really cares about your issues. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	This Dr is one of the most caring and selfless doctors of our time. He and his staff go out of their way to find the root of your illness and then help you through it. When my husband was diagnosed with stage 4 cancer, this dr came to the family while surgery was going on to update us on the progress and just to give us moral support. I highly recommend him to anyone who is looking for a dedicated, christian and caring doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	1	We hated to leave him when we moved to Crossville.  He was a big help and suggested ways to sovle some problems that did not involve drugs.  He suggested great doctors in other areas of medicaine when we needed more expertise in a different specialty.  I hightly recommend him for his thoughtfulness and caring.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
66	1	Great staff and great office. They were so helpful, and i did not have to wait. The office is so pretty and homey feeling. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	Saved my life. Intelligent, kind, thorough, are just a few words to describe him. He is an asset to the people of Memphis.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	-1	You get what you pay for.Here you nothing but pain and suffering.Tjhis Doctor wasted somebodys money at med school.If he really went.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
68	-1	I have a work related injury,and he is our company doctor.He has no personaility.He sent me back to work without really knowing what was wrong.(full duty)The secreatary was more compassionate towards me and helped me get a appointment for a &quot;emg&quot;test, results were positive for severe bilaterial carpal tunnel.When I went back second visit, he acted as though disapointed that the tests were positive and stated that &quot;he didnt believe it was severe&quot; sent to schedule surgery, and when I ask him about going back to work he said the damage is already done, and sent me back to work full duty.not to mention no medicine for swelling in hands or for the pain. I am very nervious about him personal performing surgery on me.Maybe he would of treated me different if I wasnt a workers comp injury.I ask my work place medical if I could get a second opion or another doctor and they said NO. Well maybe the surgery will go well, keep fingers crossed.haha If you are on workers comp..ADVOID DR. DONALD LEE 		2	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
69	1	I've been to do many dermatologists in my life and Dr Langley is the absolute best. She is helpful and down to earth. She took care of me in the best possible way. I can't recommend her highly enough! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Love her and her staff! Always a pleasant experience. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	very kind and caring staff and Physician also very knowledgable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	0	Very bad infection after gall bladder, was not addressed properly. 	1	3	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
71	-1	My daughter just went for an appointment to get her birth control shot instead of going back to the health department.  I recommended this office to her.  She brought her records from the health department.  They gave her the script to pick up the birth control injection and returned back to the office.  Her appointmetn was at 1:30, at 2:45 she still had not been seen, she was told it would be a while longer, that the physician was out.  My daughter made the lady at the desk aware she had been waiting, picked up the injection and just wanted someone to give it to her.  She was told she had to see the physician, that others were before her.  She explained that she had a 2 year old being restless and hungry.  She asked for her records back.  She was told it would take an hour to do that.  Talk about poor customer service.  Would not recommend anyone to go there.  She is going to find another physicians office.   Don't go there! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
71	1	Dr. Laing is one of the best.  He delivered my baby and 2 months later he removed one of my ovaries due to a cyst. He always made me feel at ease and I was very confident in his ability to do his job.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	-1	My wife and I went in for first new-mother OB checkup.  We were face-to-face with him for literally about four minutes in total.  He even answered a phone call while he was there!  He did a breast exam (this took him about 25-30 seconds), then he did the fastest pap-smear ever (it took him about 45 seconds).  He seemed to be in a rush and showed no desire to talk with my wife and me about anything.  He wasn't overtly rude, but it was clear that he was not interested in building any type of doctor-patient relationship with us.  Everything we've been told says that on a first OB checkup, especially for brand new mothers, the doctor will sit and talk with you about your history, any concerns you might have, give helpful advice about things to do or avoid, etc.  Basically, have a conversation.  We got no advice, and he asked &quot;any questions&#63;&quot; as he was literally in the process of walking towards the door.  We took our cue and walked towards the door ourselves, and we will not be returning.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	0	Went in for first new-mother OB checkup.  We were face-to-face with him for literally about four minutes in total.  He seemed to be in a rush and showed no desire to talk with my wife and me about anything.  He wasn't overtly rude, but it was clear that he was not interested in building any type of doctor-patient relationship with us.  Everything we've been told says that on a first OB checkup, especially for brand new mothers, the doctor will sit and talk with you about your history, any concerns you might have, give helpful advice about things to do or avoid, etc.  Basically, have a conversation.  We got almost no advice, and he asked &quot;any questions&#63;&quot; as he was literally in the process of walking towards the door.  We took our cue and walked towards the door ourselves, and we will not be returning.  	5	3	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	/ 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	Dr.Ledes is the best Dr ever!!!!!!!!He has a great bedside manner. I have never met a more friendly Dr 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	Dr. Ledes is wonderful. I would recommend him to anyone with children. He takes his time and explains everything. He is always smiling and is always friendly. He is a rare gem. I wish adults could have doctors like Dr. Ledes. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	Great childrens doctor, always willing to answer questions of any kinds and offer advice. He has been my childrens doctor since 1997. I would recommend him to anyone with children. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Dr. Lee has a genuine concern about my physical well being.  Although it takes about 1 hour to see him, he does spend quality time with me.  I have a variety of ailments and he is able to treat them all.  he is also proficient in my follow-up visits.  Dr Lee is intelligent and caring and is on top of the most recent medical developments.  He offers alternatives to traditional treatments when necessary.  Most importantly Dr. Lee's comprehensive understanding of medicine allows him to give me an opportunity to make an informed decision concerning my health.  I highly recommend him.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
73	1	Dr. Lee is a doctor who really cares about his patients. You can tell by the expression on his face that he really listens and thinks about what you are telling him about how you feel. I would recommend him highly. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	Recently had breast implants by Dr. Leech.  Could not have asked for a better experience with a doctor and his entire staff.  Would highly recommend this practice. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	Fabulous attention to his patient! Caring office staff! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	My women's health checkup is always on point. Dr. ladson takes the time to answer all my questions and calm my concerns.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	If you have the typical spinal problems, you may be okay here.  If you have anything out of the ordinary, beware.  	4	3	4	4 	Insurance:Medicare
76	1	If it were not for Dr Law I would have been in a wheelchair two years ago. I would recomend him to anyone with neck or spine problems,especially the ones who have been told there is nothing more that be done for them as i was.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	Dr. Law is the premier spinal surgeon in the nation.  His staff is superior to any I have ever seen.  Dr. Law is caring, professional, funny, and very easy to be around.  He LISTENS to you, takes time with you.  If he can't find all the answers, he'll tell you and try to find someone who does know.  He saved my wife and started her on her path to recovery.  If you have spinal or neck problems, go to Dr. Melvin Law.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
76	1	Dr. Law is THE BEST Spinal Surgeon, truly the BEST! You won't find anyone more caring, knowledgable, or skilled.  He helped me walk and live again and truly saved my spine and my life! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
77	1	He is the best...He never makes me wait. He is always concerned about me. Pamela Fitzgerald 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	-1	Run from this Dr. He completely missed a diagnosis of stroke for over 5 months on a family member of mine. He is completely incompetent and should have his license revoked.  I hope this may save someone's life.  His staff is rude and they are appallingly uncompassionate.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
78	1	Great doctor and staff!  Very friendly and helpful.  Makes you feel comfortable and like family.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
79	1	Highly recommend. Beautiful result on rhinoplasty. Doctor and staff gave clear, specific instructions which made recovery go very smoothly. Everyone is extremely caring and knowledgeable. Doctor is very skilled. Results better than expected. Very pleased! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	very honest, great patient before and after photos 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	0	Will not return to this doctor, felt rushed, he acted uninterested. Front desk staff was very rude and unfriendly. They treated you as though you were annoying them and they conveyed this attitude to everyone not just me. Some nurses treated you like you with impatience. The entire staff from doctors down to front desk personnel need some real good PR training because the attitude of rudeness and unfriendliness is felt immediately! Patients are not &quot;cattle - - - get'um in, get'um out&quot; (as quickly as possible!). Patients are there because they trust your skills and training and they need your help, please show a little more kindness and caring attitude and if you can't, maybe it's time to move on! 	1	4	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
80	0	I would not return to this doctor. I felt rushed. 	5	5	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	We would highly recommend Dr. George Lee of Clarksville, TN to all of the active duty military community of Ft. Campbell, Ky for dental care.  He surgically extracted wisdom teeth, and we found him to be a true professional with excellent surgical skills.  Dr. George Lee is prompt, efficient, thorough, and highly effective. We experienced the most optimal outcome to the surgical procedure, and we thank Dr. George Lee for his exceptional and professional care.   LTC Jim &amp; Catherine Skrabacz 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
81	-1	Did not receive any anesthia for removal of two wisdom teeth. 	3	3	3	1 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	He is about one of the best doctors I have ever had. He is there for his patients not for the money he really does care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	I took a chance on Dr. Lakes having never heard of her before, but was reccomended to by a local hospital staff member.  I can not say enough good things about her.  She has helped me turn my health around and get on track towards leading a healthier lifestyle.  I've seen negative comments about the staff.  I personally adore each of them.  Now, maybe they talk about me when I leave, who knows&#63;  But I have never overheard any conversations in which they were being rude to or about any other patients.  I would definitely reccomend Dr. Lakes to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	0	Dr. along with staff talk rather rudely about patients where everyone in the office, including the waiting area, can hear. Many times the patient's names are mentioned. Very unprofessional.  	2	5	3	3 	Insurance:Aetna
83	1	A very caring and physician who takes a lot of time with her patients. Highly recommended.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
84	1	Marsha Lee is a very knowledgeable doctor with a wonderful bedside manner. She is caring and kind. She has always treated me with respect, and listened to me. My husband and I trusted her very much. She was the only doctor who found my thyroid problem and greatly improved my quality of life with her treatment. Her office staff is very friendly and helpful. The wait time is usually long, but I would wait any amount time for her. I am sad we no longer live in Memphis, I can't find a doctor like her, and with the soon to be changes in healthcare, I bet I never will again.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
84	0	I waited an hour and fifteen minutes and that was WITH an appt.  I took off work to go and ended up not being seen until after the time I wouldve been off work regularly.  The staff is very rude and uncaring and doctors are consistently overbooked.  Dr. Lee only spent about 5 minutes with me after i waited that long.   She is a mediocre doctor and the wait time is ridiculous, 	2	1	3	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
84	-1	Dr. Lee was not at all helpful in treating my chronic pain (which she diagnosed me with). I've been goin to the group she belongs to for over 4 years and she made me feel like some sort of freak for asking for pain medication. (I've not taken ANY medication for pain since my MVA in 2006.) She seemed more concerned with her personal feelings/beliefs than me.  I'll never see her again, nor would I recommend her to anyone else. 	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	Marcia works for Family Physicians and has help my family many times. She is very knowledgeable and understanding. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	This Dr. is awesome! He is very patient, friendly, he will discuss procedures and options with you and will answer all questions you may have concerning a particular procedure. I have been a patient of his for a year and a half now and will highly recommend him to anyone needing surgery or orthopaedic care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
86	1	Great doctor.  Dealt with issues that brought me in. Removed an unsightly spot that I thought I would have to live with.  A month later and no scar. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	.  	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
88	1	He can not speak very good english. I did not understand him. His office looked like a bed room. He used a dresser to put his tools in. I was not happy with the visit. HE did not know what he was doing. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	-1	He did some crown work on a back upper molar and give me a shot that made half of my face hurt because he stuck the needle in to far and injected the anesthia to fast. He did not even apologize. He did not seem to know what he was doing and the office was not up to a standard that I would go back too.  		3	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
89	1	I have seen Dr Landy for about 8-10 years.  After trying several medication, we found something that worked, and My migraines have been under control or manageable since then. I have always answered him honestly and never had a problem.  When I first started seeing him, my appointment were always being canceled. But in the the past 3-4 years.  He does limit new patience, which is why I can get in when I need too.  And while he is a bit short spoken, I could not do without him. I Love Dr Landy : ) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	-1	I have never encountered worse treatment by any other medical professional. He requires potential patients to sign a sort of pain management contract, which is meant to guard him against charges of over-prescribing narcotics. However, his contract is written so that the patient essentially signs away all rights to privacy, agreeing to be drug-tested whenever, wherever, and however Dr. Landy desires. In the appointment Dr. Landy greeted me by saying that he couldn't do anything to help me and why was I in his office&#63; When I replied that I didn't recall hearing that news in a previous phone call from his office manager, he stomped out the door and yelled down the office hall for her to come, clearly intent on proving me &quot;wrong&quot;. Once he was satisfied that I had been shown to be a liar, he told me that nothing could improve my condition and I should get used to near-constant migraines. Not only was he dismissive and unhelpful, he was plain rude- simply a jerk.  	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	An absolute superior doctor...Tops in the South.  Good luck getting an appointment! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	. Great Doctor very helpful and caring works with u to help u with ur pain highly recommend him 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
89	-1	After cancelling my appointment 3 times in a row, he kicked me out of his office when I answered a question in a manner he didn't like.  He misunderstood what I said, and when I tried to tell him that, he wouldn't listen to me.  He told me that I should leave.  Then, before I could answer, he called his nurse, yelled down the hall to get my money back for my co-pay and told her to get me out of his office.  It was very publicly humiliating.  The nurse apologized, but the damage was done.  I was embarassed and left the office crying because I had no where else to go for pain relief.  He is the only migraine doctor in Memphis.  That was years ago, and we still have no other migraine doctors here.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	-1	 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
90	-1	&quot;We will call you tomorrow with your test results&quot;... that was two months ago.  After many unreturned phone calls, I went back to the office and talked to office manager to no avail. Nobody cares. Bad experience and I will never go back.  	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	1	Long office waits.  Front staff cancels appts last minute.  	1	1	3	4 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
90	-1	After being my stepdad's patient for more than 15 years, and having a pacemaker installed by him, Dr Lenhart is unavailable when there are pacemaker problems. Lenhart's office is forcing my stepdad to be treated as a &quot;new patient&quot; despite the fact that Lenhart has been seeing him since 1992 and he has had periodic checkups of pacemaker function. As a &quot;new patient&quot;, I am told that he must stand in line for an appointment to check his pacemaker. It could be months. My stepdad is presently suffering extreme fatigue due to his heart/pacemaker malfunction. Other doctors have told us that he is in great danger of death. Yet we are told by Dr Lenhart's office that he must suffer and wait - and risk fatal heart failure.  What is the use of a &quot;doctor/patient&quot; relationship when the doctor is not available when you need him&#63; And Tennessee doctors are fighting walk-in clinics because they claim that the &quot;doctor/patient&quot; relationship is impaired! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
91	1	Super nice and very smart. It seemed like she took a personal interest in my case and I was not just another patient in the hopsital. She sat and went over the tests with me for what I thought was a long time for a busy doctor doing rounds.  I would recommend her to anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
91	1	Outstanding.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	-1	He ****ed me. I was not told he cut my clavicle into to fix my rotator cuff. Another ortho did when I had problems w/ it. Lamb never bothered to tell me. He has the worst office staff imagable also.  I would never recommend him to anyone! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	-1	Wife developed a blood clot. Dr. Lamb did not take it seriously. Told her to fly home so he could check her leg out. Spent nine days in the hospital because he did not listen to her complaints about pain and swelling. Thank God another doctor looked at it. He told her she just needed to toughen up. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	John Lamb performed surgery on me in 2007 and completely botched it. He showed himself to be totally incompetent and I would not trust him. Not only did he utterly mess up the surgery, he lied to me for months by telling me that it looked okay and that it didn't need to be fixed. After consulting 3 other surgeons, I found out that I had to have corrective surgery immediately to fix the mess he made. The correction was not minor and involved metal plates, multiple screws, a bone graft and a tendon transfer. Because of Dr. Lamb, I am in pain every single day and I will more than likely have to have more corrective surgeries in the future. Do NOT use Dr. Lamb. Do NOT trust him. Get multiple opinions before you have surgery and take my words into serious consideration before you even consult him.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
92	-1	I WENT TO JOHN LAMB IN A WORKING STATE AFTER I HAD MY SURGERY HE CRIPPLED ME AND I HAVE NEVER WORKED AGAIN, SO SINCE 2003-2007 DISABLED HIS BEDSIDE MANNER IS COLD AND UNCAREING. I HAVE NEVER SUED ANY ONE IN MY LIFE IF ANY BODY NEEDED IT HE DID.HE TOOK MY LIFE AND MY LIVELY HOOD. I'M STILL ANGRY TO THIS DAY. GOING TO HIM WAS THE BIGEST MISTAKE I HAVE EVER EVER MADE. PLEASE STAY AWAY. HE IS TO OLD TO BE DOING SURGERY. HE NEEDS TO RETIRE. INSTEAD OF MESSING UP YOUNG PEOPLES LIVES. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	Best pediatrician out there. The Best.  Is thorough and straight forward.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	-1	This was a bad experience since the minute i walked in the door. It smelled like a fast food restaurant. I was not greeted when i walked in the office by front desk staff (who were chatting away not caring i was there) not even after I said HI!! I was walked back and ALL staff was wearing scrubs and FLIP-FLOPS!! really!!!&#63;&#63; SO UNPROFESSIONAL!!! The doctor didnt help me with ANY of my problems and desided to put me on birth control for 6mos without even checking me just cause he thought I needed them.  what an ass!!! 	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	I have been seeing Dr. Lancaster for more than 15 years. He is incredible with children and is the only dentist my 11 year old has ever been treated by.He is honest and upfront and will not recommend a procedure that is not needed.His staff is awesome and most have beenwith him since I started being treated  by him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
95	1	Dr. Lancaster is the best.  I am/was a dental phobic.  He genuinely cares about his patients and makes me feel comfortable.  	 5/5/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
96	-1	Dr. Lebovitz has passed away.  He did an unnecessary D&amp;C on me and then kept $500 which i paid as a deductible which insurance paid him. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	. Great doctor, really cares, very knowledgable and thorough 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	Doctor is very caring and interestedin your problems.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
98	1	Great Doctor that took the place of Dr. Perra, I felt no one could fill her shoes but Dr. Lawrence never let me down, extremely intelegent and respectful of patients own knowledge. He takes the time to explain details and is always careful never rash. Great person Dr.  Lawrence 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	1	i love this doctor and miss him dearly. i am looking for his where abouts. please any know please post it. 	 8/13/08	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	Dr.Lawrence is very knowledgeable and he is the best Dr. I have ever been to including any and all specialist. After seeing Dr. Lawerence I will NEVER appreciate another Dr. I would follow Dr. Lawerence to any state he may go just to know that my health is in the best hands possible. He is the best in the field! I rate him a 10+. The treatments that I received after 8 years of suffering has help me more then the 8 specialist I have seen that should have know more about my illness but did not. I know recommend Dr Karl Lawerence to every one I meet. If all Doctors were as careing and knowledgeable as Dr. Lawerence people would never need to see another Doctor. V. Carrell 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	1	The best doctor my husband and I have ever had. The best medical/health care we have ever received and we have lived in New York City, Los Angeles and Chicago before moving to Nashville. Dr. Leavitt listens, he diagnoses correctly and treats effectively.  	 10/16/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
99	1	Dr. Leavitt is a fantastic doctor and I would recommend him to anybody. I was referred to him by a friend and all of my experiences have been wonderful. You always get to see the doctor at office visits and Dr. Leavitt has a physician on call 24 hours a day, so I can call anytime and speak with a physician. When I was in the hospital he took care of me and made sure the other doctors took good care of me too. Dr. Leavitt is the Chief of Family Medicine at Hendersonville Medical Center and he was just voted by the readers of the Hendersonville Star News and Gallatin News Examiner as the Best Family Physician in Sumner County, where I live. Dr. Leavitt always takes time with me and his nurses are very friendly and helpful. I give him my highest recommendation.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
100	1	For nearly 20 years I have visited Dr. Lawrence regarding my various problems (two knees and a rotator cuff), comes with my old body slowing down! Dr. Lawrence has always been curteous, professional, and looking out for my best interest. I really appreciate his explaining what he was going to do, but appreciate even more his ability in surgery.  Top notch- I can't rate highly enough! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
100	1	For as busy as Dr. Lawrence always is (that comes with being the best), he is on time and always takes the time to listen and genuienly care. I've recommended him to all friends and family.  By thoroughly explaining my problem and the solution, he took away ALL fear of surgery (and I had ALOT)! I could not speak more highly of him!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
100	1	Dr. Lawrence has been my doctor for over l5 years.  He is a wonderful surgeon.  He has operated on my twice, rotator cuff on both shoulders, and neither time was the surgery a problem.  He made sure that I understood what to do after the surgery and had a prayer with me before the surgery.  He is #l in my book. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
