dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
2	1	commentsLOVE Dr. Mabli!! Very insightful! My husband loves him as well. Makes you look at things differently. Just a wonderful counselor and man! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	 I'm a 23 year old woman suffering from severe depression and anxiety. Dr. Mabli is fantastic! I've been struggling with anxiety all my life and I have seen many psychiatrists, but he's the only one who has ever really helped. He’s a little tough on you and does want you to challenge yourself, but also gives coping techniques. I really cannot say enough about how much this man has done for me. I can go to the grocery store, the movies, and family gatherings. I’m back in school and working full time. I didn’t think it was possible.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
7	1	commentsThe best doctor in Southeast Texas, for sure. I see other people have said it, but it's true that he really cares. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	 Dr. Mabray is encouraging and experiences. He explains things better than any doctor I have ever visited.  He specializes in allergies and bariactrics also.   I recommend him to everyone I like! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$35
7	1	 I've been going to Dr. M for 30 yrs. He is the most knowledgeable Dr. I know. I miscarried once, he saved my next. he is not your everyday conventional Dr. He has a yearning for learning and growing in his medical education. He cares for and takes time with each patient. Everything he has ever taught me about has come to pass over the years concerning my health.                            Mary 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	 I've been a patient of Dr. Mabray for 22 years.  He is caring and emphasizes preventative care.  He listens and evaluates carefully; he takes small patient observations seriously.  His staff is caring and competent.  I would and have recommended Dr. Mabray many times.   Sharon Smith 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
7	1	commentsDr. Mabray was recommended to me by a friend. I drove a far distance to Victoria, Texas, to see him and was thoroughly pleased. He so obviously cared about me as a patient and really listened. He really seemed to want to help me feel better. I would recommend him to my family and friends in a heartbeat. Excellent physician! 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	 Dr. Maccatto and his staff have provided me with outstanding care and service. He's delivered two of my babies and I've always felt he was more than knowledgeable and prepared to deal with any situation. I've really liked his staff.  I've almost always been surprised at how fast they get me in and out of the office.  I highly recommend Dr. Maccatto.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	 Dr.  Maccato is the best!! He delivered my two girls and I absoultly LOVE HIM!! He is kind, very patient, and has the best assistants in the world! If I have any more kids I will run straight back to him GREAT DOCTOR! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
13	1	 He is an awesome doctor. very easy to talk to and understand. He has been my doctor for about 4 years and he has always been kind and professional and very knowledgeable. I would recommend Dr. Maccato to anyone who needs a doctor that cares.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
13	1	 He's very down to earth and comforting. He's also funny and easy going. He took me in as a patient when no other doctor would, because most doctors care about lawsuits more than the actual person/patient. I am so glad Dr.Maccato accepted me.  He's great! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	 This is the best doctor I've ever encountered. I wish he could serve as a doctor in other capacities as well. He's so comforting. I highly recommend him.  He delivered 3 of my 5 children! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
13	1	 I wish all my doctors would be like him. Excellent manners, waiting time is almost none, and the staff is very friendly. I highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	 Dr Maccato is the best!  Very kind, knowledgable,and genuinely cares about his patients. He delivered 2 of my children and even though i am done having children, still drive an hr to see him for yearly checkups or as needed.   Simply the best! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
13	1	 Dr. Maccato is awesome!!!  I wish I would have gone to him first.  He really listens to you and has an EXCELLENT bedside manner.  He is a &quot;true&quot; doctor who cares and to me that makes a differnce.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
13	1	 Dr. MaCato delivered my baby and was absolutely wonderful.  Very knowledgable in high risk and would recommend him to other high risk pregnant mommies-to-be 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	 The BEST!  I have just moved out of state and I wish I could have taken him with us to deliver our second child.  Never have to wait long at his office.  Staff is very kind and helpful.  He is fun and always returns your concerned phone call personally.   I recommend him to all my friends! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
13	1	 Excellent doctor, he delivered my 3 daughters. He is very concerned with you and will take the time to talk with you and answer all questions. He is very knowledgeable and his staff is also wonderful. If you have a problem or concern he will get you in right away. I also had 2 aminio test done by him and he was great! I highly recommend him, especially if you have a high risk pregnancy.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
13	1	 I was hospitalized for three mos. with pre-term labor. Dr. Macatto was the best, most reassuring doctor. He came by for a visit at least once per day.  He was helpful and funny! haha 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
13	1	 Dr. Maccato delivered our little girl and was absolutely wonderful! He has a great bedside manner and was always punctual. Not to mention, he has a great sense of humor! He is very knowledgeable and always explained things to me when I had the puzzled look on my face.  I would highly recommend him to anyone! 		5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
13	1	commentsDr Macatto has delivered my last 3 babies and is a wonderful Dr. I wouldnt go to anyone else. Great bedside manner, kind, great sense of humor. Id trust him with my life. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	commentsDr. Mabrito is a reliable, excellent dentist concerned for the needs of his patients. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	commentsI am in greater pain than before my surgery. 1yr post op and still unable to work from a routine surgery. He doesn't manage pain even while in hospital. He doesn't see patients after surgery but let's a med student release them from hospital. And when you call in staff doesnt return calls. He will not call you back even with a personal promise to do so.He relies on the opinion of his nurse practitioner too much. He doesn't asses the patient himself. 	3	3	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
19	0	 because of a car wreck a year ago he was more concerned about workmans commp getting involved (of which my case is closed) than my own health. I have no no other recourse but to find a more cooperative doctor.  	1	3	1	4	Insurance:CIGNA
19	1	 I had a bulging disc in L5/S1 pressing on my sciatic nerve in 2003.  I lived with it for 6 months, tried chiropractic for months, until he ordered an MRI and we saw the problem.  He sent me to Dr. Macdougall - surgery was my only option, except live with it (I'm a diabetic and could not do cortisone injections).  He was able to get me in for surgery within a couple of weeks and I was immediately pain free.  He is a very nice man, knowledgeable, listens to his patients.  Did not order any more needless tests.  I think he's the best.  Now I live in Odessa again and need more surgery on the same disc.  I would really like to go back to him, but it's a little inconvenient since I'm so far away.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
19	1	 I believe this neurosurgeon is one of the best in the Houston area.  He is personable and spends the time needed to help you understand your issues.  He allowed me to participate in making the decisions regarding treatment options best directed at my problem.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	 I read the review on thois docotr from 1/09 someone else had put in.  I fully disagree.  This person likely was disgruntled, as the docotr is excellent.  He spends time with you, treats you like an individual, and he is an excellent surgeon.  His reputation in the Baytown and Houston community is excellent.  When a neurosurgical issue is mentioned, even among any person in our community, his name comes up as among the best of the best.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
19	-1	commentsPoor Attitude from the doctor 	2	2	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	commentsI felt very well treated and listened to. Additionally, this doctor seemed very skilled to recognize things others, who had treated me, had not. He pinpointed the problem very rapidly. I wished I had gone here first. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	 Dr. mabry is very respectful of your time and is also quite sensitive to hearing out your concerns or issues. I highly recommend his services.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$20
23	1	commentsDr. Mac is amazing! He treats my whole family and we couldn't have found a better physician.  It has been a huge help that he is on call 24/7. He has made a tremendous difference in my health.  I highly recommend him to all seeking a doctor.  He's one of few that truly care about your overall health and well being. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	 My spouse and I both switched to &quot;Dr. Mac&quot; several months ago. It was one of the best decisions we ever made. His office staff is friendly and knowledgeable, and he is personable and intelligent.  You pay an annual fee to be a member of his practice, but then you never pay a copay for an office visit after that. He will run all labs through insurance and work with you to find appropriate specialists as needed.  For the first time in my life, I feel as if a doctor truly cares about me and my family and has the actual time to give us the kind of care we need.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	commentsthorough, excellent diagnostic skills with a humorous, caring bedside manner.He sees my whole family and have recommended him to a large number of friends and family. I am glad that I changed from my previous doctor to Dr. MacGillivray as the difference it made to my health and wellness is immeasurable.I have come to trust him implicitly as my physician, but he always insists that participate and ultimately decide the course of my healthcare. I simply cannot recommend Dr. MacGillivray enough to all people who care about their healthcare. He changed my life. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	commentsGood Dr but never on time for appointments. Often you have to wait about an hour or more. 	4	1	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
38	-1	commentsI recently switched doctors at 25 weeks pregnant because this office is so horrible.  The front office staff is the worst I've ever experienced.  One nurse, Dee is nice but I would DREAD getting the other nurse.  I made it my goal to get that one to smile-it never worked.  Dr. Motta is okay, but after they tried to schedule my induction at 9 WEEKS I got nervous &amp; read all the reviews about how so many people had been lied to or manipulated into getting induced.  I left immediately &amp; found a fabulous Dr. (Hoffman) who I am so happy with!! 	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
38	-1	 Front staff is extremely rude and not helpful at all. The phones can ring for over 10 minutes, then you are placed on hold for over 20 minutes (i took the time). After the long wait, the staff treats you like they are doiong you a favor and you should go out of your way to please them! Do not recommend this place at all. See a different office where the staff actually understands customer service and wants to be part of the service indsutry.  Very unpleasant experience 	1	1	1	2	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$250
38	-1	 She told me at my 36wk sono that my baby is humongous &amp; I cant deliver vaginally, baby weighed 6 lbs 4oz. She insisted that I schedule Csection immediately as there was no other way.I asked her to give me some time to think about it. But she was not ready to discuss it &amp; made me schedule csection at 39wk. She did mentioned that she is on vacation for a week (where my due date fell) I seeked second opinion from couple of other OB/GYNs &amp; was told that sonos later in pregnancy r not accurate &amp; there is no need to schedule csection, I could try a normal labor &amp; if things dont progress well then I may have to go for a csection. I went for next appointment hoping to talk this through with her but she didnt want any discussion &amp; she started enacting how my baby would look if she had shoulder dislocation during delivery etc which was very unprofessional. I lost my trust in her completely &amp; we switched doctors such late in the pregnancy. Our daughter was born vaginally &amp; weighed only 7.5lbs.  	1	2	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	-1	 Dr. Mace-Motta's license should be taken away!! The staff nurses are rude, cold and very uncaring. Simply awful! She wanted to treat my irregular periods with birth control pills. I suffer from severe migraines and cannot take them I told her. Oh they are a different formula! NOT!! I could have died!! Side effects from taking it are heart attack, stroke, heart failure!!! This is not, &quot;oh, you will just get a headache if you take these pills.&quot; YOU WILL DIE!! DO NOT GO TO DR. MACE-MOTTA! In addition, she rambles on about her vast knowledge, but she didn't even read the latest report saying people with migraines should NOT take birth control pills! She won't even discuss problems with you. She relies on the examination doc. (I was also diagnosed with a lump in my breast. Thank you G'd for it turned out to be a large cyst.  DO NOT GO TO HER! NO PATIENT SHOULD BE TREATED THE WAY I WAS TREATED BY HER &amp; HER STAFF! 	1	3	1	2	Insurance:United Healthcare
38	-1	 I was diagnosed with placenta previa and went to see a specialist because I was concerned. She never discussed the results of the sonogram with me: she left that up to the sono tech. When the results from the specialist were sent to her office, she became angry, demanding to know why I had seen a specialist. Does not allow doulas, does not return calls.  	3	2	1	2	Insurance:Aetna
38	-1	 This is by FAR the WORST ob-gyn I have ever had to deal with,beginning with her less-than-stellar office nurse Dee,she was a TOTAL bi*&%! I was going in for a hysterectomy- a very vulnerable time in a woman's life which was bad enough, when I was in her office waiting for her, the above mentioned Dee &quot;lost&quot; my paperwork for short-term disability-5 minutes after I gave it to her in her hand! The &quot;doctor&quot; then yelled at me when I started to cry-I was going to have a damned hysterectomy and all she could do was yell. People get ANOTHER MD and avoid this mess at any cost,by the way you can read all her reviews online,there are NONE that are good.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	0	 Very unapproachable non greeting front desk. Dr. Motta spends very little time with you. Most of the time you see the NP and pay the same price. I was mis-diagnosed twice. Horrible with followup.  	1	3	3	2	Insurance:United Healthcare
38	-1	commentsBAIT AND SWITCH  Scheduled an appointment and did not even get to meet the doctor; was only allowed to see Nurse Practitioner. Make sure you clarify ten times who you will see and what kind of appointment you're scheduled for!! They have very poor communication with this area and will charge you even if it's not the right kind of appointment you requested. 	1	3	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	 We love Dr. Maaytah and the whole staff is great with both of my kids. We are always in and out of their in a timely manner.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	commentsI have the opportunity to see most of the Amarillo pediatricians and see their manner outside of patient care. She is always very professional and polite.  I trust her opinions and would reccommend her to anyone!! 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	commentsDr. Maaytah has been my children's (I have 3) pediatrician for the past 15 years. I've been to her office countless times over the years and I can honestly say that it is always a pleasant experience. I know that some days we've been in there have been hectic, especially in the winter, but Dr. Maaytah makes me feel as though I'm the only patient there, she spends her time and does not rush at all. One thing I especially like about Dr. Maaytah is that she doesn't make you feel as though the questions you are asking are stupid, as some other doctors do. There's room for improvement with the staff, but Dr. Maaytah's care makes up for any shortcomings in her staff. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	commentsthis doc if thats what u call her almost killed my son and two of my friends kids thank god i got my son to a new pedi doc who listen to me if you have a special needs or sickly child best go else where! her office manager was hateful! 	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	 I love Dr. Maaytah.  I think she is the best pediatrician in town.  I wish her staff was more friendly and helpful. I feel like they don't ever want you to bring your child in and always try to give advice over the phone without seeing my child. I still wouldn't take my child anywhere else.  Maaytah is the best! 	2	3	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
40	1	commentsThis is the best peditician in town. I wouldn't take my son anywhere else. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	commentsShe is the best doctor you can find. The kids always liked her to. She takes her time and listens. I never had a problem with the staff. Love Cindy to, she is a helpfull nurse! And gives me good advice. Paid/Co-pay:$60	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	 Have a 2 yr. old.  Been going to Dr. Maaytah since she was born.  Really enjoy her.  On the other hand, I would have to say that her staff is HORRIBLE.  They are extremely rude any time I call or go in the office.  Numerous times they have cut me off and said that a nurse will call me back which always takes 30 minutes to sevearal hours.  It seems like when I do get a call back staff does what they can to not have to make an appointment.  I always have to be push to get my child in.  So overall, I do love Dr. Maaytah but her staff makes it hard to continue using her at times.  	1	2	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$20
40	1	 She is the Best! Our children are so lucky to have her as a Dr.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	 Dr. Maaytah is very helpful and very nice.  She takes time to listen to what you have to say and she does a full assessment of the patient.  I am very happy with her.  The business office staff is not kind.  A smile goes a long way.  It is not often that you find a doctor that you like and staff that you don't like, but she will continue to see my children anyway.  	3	3	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
40	1	 She is very caring and helpful with patients and parents alike.  She has always taken time to discuss concerns I have about my children, and shows that she really cares about her young patients.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	 Dr. Maaytah is very interested in the health and well being of my children. She has never rushed an appointment, and is always willing to discuss any concerns that I have about my children's health or behavior.  I am very happy that she is caring for my kids! 		4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$2500
40	1	commentsShe is great. She is smart, helpful and you can tell she really loves and cares about the kids. I wasn't as happy with the staff, but they do a decent job, too. As far as I'm concerned, she's the pediatrician of choice in Amarillo. 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	commentsThis Doctor take dher time w/patient no matter how things are running in office. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	commentsshe is the best docter in the world she deserves a medal of appretiation 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	 Dresses like he's on a cattle ranch rather than in a doctor's office, but that makes him down-to-earth and more approachable.  He knows his stuff and doesn't bother with a bunch of nonsense.  Staff was very nice and courteous.  They're very good with booking same-day appointments if you really need to get in right away.  We were pleased with the care we received.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
45	1	.  VERY GOOD AND ALWAYS ON TARGET WITH HIS DIAGNOSIS 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
50	1	 I recently had my first child with Dr. Mace-Motta and the entire experience was perfect in every way. From the regular OB visits to the daily visits in the hospital, Dr. Motta was warm and professional (and always prompt at appointments). Her office staff is also very friendly and helpful - no questions are silly and they made me feel at ease from the very first day. My husband and I had a great experience and we cannot imagine having any better physician than Dr. Motta.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
50	1	 I have found Dr. Motta's staff refreshingly professional, pleasant and knowledgeable and Dr. Motta has a wonderful bedside manner. She welcomes questions and does not make patients feel intimidated. My experiences have always exceeded expecations and the professionalism, courtesy and punctuality that her office shows patients reflects the respect she seems to have for us. I would highly recommend Dr. Motta to friends and was referred by a colleague in the healthcare industry.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
50	-1	 *******VERY IMPORTANT******** Do not go this doctor. This doctor, by default, eventually will perform C-Section. Till the very last moment she will say that everything is fine. And on the day of delivery she will break the water way before the contraction will start and give some reason to perform C-Section. In our case, she said there is hand presentation/baby in awkward position. We have heard some similar things from a few other patients.  		1	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
51	1	commentsExcellent dentist!  He is our family dentist as of 1/2010.  He filled my 9 yr. old daughters cavity today and he talked her through the process and kept her calm and happy.  Thank you Dr. Mabry! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	commentsBY FAR THE BEST DENTIST YOU COULD EVER FINE!!! GENTLE,COMPASSIONATE AND CARING. HE STAFF AND HYGENTIST ARE GREAT! I HATE GOING TO A DENTIST BUT ALWAYS KNOW THAT I WILL BE WELL TAKEN CARE OF!!! HE IS JUST A WONDERFUL PERSON 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	 Dr. Mabrey is the most caring and skilled Surgeon, I ever met! No wonder, he is the Chief of Orthopedic Surgeons at Baylor. My Hip Surgery was very complex and challenging... significant Pelvis-socket erosion had occurred from having multiple, total Hip Joints for over 37 years! Can you find reliable info on the net&#63; You Bet! Thank God, I found ratemds... that's why I chose Dr. Mabrey! He listens intently to his patients... it really is all about you! He does not have pre-prepared speeches. He has a warm, comforting sense of humor about the difficult procedure. Dr. Mabrey used all sorts of specialized mechanical components, to make a perfect fitting joint. After the fourth, most traumatic, Left Hip operation ever... I've never felt better, and my legs are perfectly balanced! Thanks to all the prior responders, for their honest and accurate reviews. Dr.  Mabrey is a Saint, sent down from heaven, or more accurately; a god on earth, who puts us back together! GR in Shady Shores, Texas 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
54	1	 I have been with Dr. Mabrey since he was in San Antonio, Texas, at the University of Texas Health Center. He has performed two hip replacements on me. My hip problem was so bad that other doctors would not perform any kind of surgey on me. They said that I would need to see Dr. Mabrey. He would be the only one that could fix the hip. I go once a year to see Dr. Mabrey. It is a 5 hr. drive for me one way. Even if Dr. Mabrey moved out of the state of Texas, I would make the trip to his office. You stay with a doctor that you trust. And I do trust him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Humana
54	1	 Dr. Mabrey is brilliant, funny, attentive, caring and the best doctor around. I would recommend my mother to him.  A+++++ 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:HealthFirst
54	1	 Probably the best doctor I've ever seen.  He LISTENS, and knows what he's doing.  He diagnosed my problem quickly, but was not pushy.  He performed my hip replacement surgery, I had good results and I would recommend him to anyone.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
54	1	 I felt totally at ease after my first visit with Dr. Mabrey.  He was very informative, yet left the decision on what treatment I want for the osterarthritis in my hip totally up to me.  I chose a thp and my surgery went well.  My incision looks great.  I feel that Dr. Mabrey takes interest in each patient and truly wants to help them.  He is very experienced and knowledgeabe.  His staff is very kind, helpful, and accomodating.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
54	1	commentsWonderful surgeon.  Diagnosed me right away, confirmed it with MRI, operated, and I was good to go.  Would use again and would recommend.  Office is not great looking, but that doesnt matter. His main nurse Kathy is really helpful and patient also. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
58	-1	commentsAlways a wait at the office. Each time well over an hour with zero apology.  Dr. Machell upon there being a diagnosed problem is quick to answer &quot;I don't know&quot; and not provide reassurance.  After an ablation with him I experienced immediate PVC beats which have turned into PVC to VT.  These serious rhythm problems never existed until after the surgery.  I was assured that the beats would cease over time by Dr. Machell only they have become more frequent and worse.  I have left the Practice and will only see the Experienced and knowledgable EP Doctors at the Cleveland Clinic.  I am fairly young and have young children; the experience with Dr. Machell has changed my life for the worse.  I look forward to never stepping foot into that office again and trying to get my life and heart health back. 	2	1	2	1	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	commentsDr. Machell did the heart ablation for my wife.  He was the second referral my wife had seen.  He was much more confident that the first Electro-Physiologist. He quickly located the errant signals and performed the ablations, fixing my wife's tacycardia. His office is prompt in seeing patients. He gave me good explanation before and after the procedure.  He came highly recommended by my wife's cardiologists. 	5	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
58	0	commentsDr. Machell performed two ablations on my heart 8 years ago at the age of 18.  The first one in May of 2008 and the second in August of 2001.  The first procedure didn't work, so he had to do it a second time.  Since then, I have had palpatations almost everyday and an occasional rapid heartbeat.  I have been having an increase in my syptoms and decided to see a cardiologist here.  After quite a few tests, I found out this week that I have permanent damage to my heart...caused by the mess-up of Dr. Machell during one of my ablations.  During my visits, Dr. Machell was always in a hurry to get to the next patient and was not thourough with me at all.  Being 18, I remember that going into the ablations, I had no idea what was going to happen to me and how exactly the ablation was going to be performed.  Granted, this was 8 years ago and his skill has probably improved but after my oersonal experience, I would not recommend him. 	4	3	1	4	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	commentsWhen I described my new symptoms he seemed confused. He told me he did not see anything visually or under the microscope and the results would be in about 2 days. After 2 days no one called or returned my messages, I went back to the office, where the front office girl gave me my results HIPAA violation. He only gave me a prescription after I asked for one. Now I have to spend more money to find a new physician who can take time out of their busy schedule to care about my health. 	1	5	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	.  I came to Texas 5 months pregnant and no onw would touch me since I was considered &quot;high risk&quot;!  I moved from out of state and what to do!!!!  There office took me and and the were just amazing!!!!  I have now had 2 children delived by him and I feel so BLESSED that we found him!!!  You will NOT be disappointed!!!!  LOVE HIM AND STAFF!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	 Dr. MacDonald is FABULOUS! He spends quality time with you and really gets to know you. He's interested in his patient as a person... not just a number! We LOVE him! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
64	1	 Nice doctor that actually takes the time to talk through things and answer questions.   The office is a fun atmosphere for the kids too! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Humana
66	1	 Very helpful doctor. Was on time and saved my life-actually cared about me as a patient. Very easy to talk to-good communicator.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:BC Med
66	-1	 The first time I met him he was informative and helpful, while scheduling a colnoscopy. Then at the hospital we discovered he'd triple booked patients for the same time. The nurse working there agreed that he shouldn't have done this and recommended her GI Dr to me for the future. So I was already really nervous and then was forced to wait over 2.5 hours while he did the other 2 patients. (Even though I was on time.) I've had a bad history of waking up vomiting after procedures with anesthesia, yet he was just listening to his music and not reassuring at all. At the follow up appointment after waiting 30 minutes to be seen, he was in and out in 2 minutes- did not want to answer questions and I felt like I had to pry information out of him about my disorder. Felt so rushed and like I was interfering with his time. I do not think he cares about his patients one bit. Definitely a disappointment and a doctor I will not return to or recommend.  	3	3	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	0	 I called the main office to tell them I was running late - I pulled up into the parking lot 5 minutes late as Dr. Maat was driving away in his black tahoe... thanks guys... you can bet I would have waited 30 minute in the exam room waiting for him... too bad, I really need a GI doc and he came recommended by the surgeon who works with him. Now I must start my search over again.  	1	1	3	3	Insurance:Aetna
66	0	 Dr. Maat was very nice with small talk, but didnt take the time to explain things to me regarging my symptoms. I felt like I was having to dig to get info about treatment or my problem. I wont go back to this office.  	5	5	2	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	 i thought Dr. Maat was fabulous.  He has a great bedside manner and is very knowledgeable.  He is empathetic and really is interested in my health.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
66	-1	 Abrupt, curt. Does not explain diagnosis nor treatment.  Is easily offended if you ask questions.  	2	5	1	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$30
66	-1	 Doctor doesnt care for the patient and donot have understanding of side effect.  	1	3	1	1	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$25
66	0	 The doctor is nice, but he's very to the point and doesn't spend much time with you. He's good if you want a quick in and out doctor, but if you want someone who will spend time with you and make sure you know what's going on, then he's not a doctor I would recommend. I was nervous about my upper GI and there was no trying to calm me down at all. I am also scared of needles and the nurse didn't seem to care at all, she just told me to be a man and it would be over soon, not what I'd like to hear from a nurse when I'm nervous.  	2	4	3	3	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$600
66	1	commentsDuring my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was an amazing success!Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	commentsAn excellent physician/surgeon with a terrible &quot;chair-side&quot; manner.  I nthe operating room he is in his territory but in a one on one situation he is not very talkative. The wait is worse than awful with few amenities in the harsh waiting room. I will continue to see him if I have retina problems again and will recommend him because of his skill. 	4	1	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	comments 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	 If you can survive his staff he is a great doctor.  He doesn't have the best bedside manner, but he is very knowledgeable.  	1	3	3	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	 Extremely experienced.  Stays current.  In this field, experience, judgement and a sharp eye are most important -- and if there's a problem, this doctor gets on it.  When he retires, we will miss him greatly.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
85	1	commentsvery satisified with the care. office staff,etc 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	commentsDr. Mabrie is the best ear nose and throat doctor you will find.  Extremely knowledgable and explains what is wrong in plain English.  His office is full because he takes time with each patient.  Highly reccomend Dr. Mabrie 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	commentsI love Dr MacDonald he is very sweet and helpful he takes his time with you and makes sure to cover all basis.I see him as well as our whole family. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	 Dr. Anne was extremely kind and helpful to my entire family as we all have her as our PCP. She spent a good amount of time on each of us and was very thorough in her questions and exam.  She seemed to be genuinely concerned about our health and was big on preventative measures. Definately would recommend her to anyone. Staff was also very courteous and helpful.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Humana
94	-1	 went in for a physical, doctor didnt really try to ge to know me, make you feel comftorbable since it was my first time with her as my primary doctor. Doctor just came in did my exam and left.  	2	4	2	2	Insurance:Aetna
94	-1	 Service is fine unless you need paper work filled out. Staff does not follow up with their patients so you are left playing phone tag and paper chasing during your spare time. Staff seems not to communicate with each other very well. You will have multiple staff memebers contacting you with different information. Staff seems to be fresh out of &quot;techincal school&quot; and need a refresher course in Customer Service.  Very poor service, I will never go back! 	1	2	1	2	Insurance:United Healthcare
94	1	comments 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	 Very patient and thorough.  Incredibly thoughtful and kind.  He went out of his way to make sure we understood everything at a very difficult time for us.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
97	1	commentsBrilliant, kind, adorable and compassionate - no one is better. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
