dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	-1	I made the mistake of not taking all of the negative reviews to heart. She was the rudest, most offensive woman I have had the misfortune to meet. I strongly suggest that you seek other help. 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
1	-1	I was very disappointed with Dr Eberle. I went to see Dr Eberle because I was having severe fatigue, headaches/head pressure, numbness in my feet and several other neurological symptoms. Dr Eberle constantly interrupted me as I was trying to explain the symptoms I was having. I told her about the numbness in my feet and her comment was &quot;so what&quot;. I told her that I was having sever fatigue and that my GP had done some blood tests to try and determine what the problem was. When I told her that my GP did not find anything in my blood tests she stated &quot;Well if your GP didn't find anything wrong then you should just go back to work.&quot; Of course that was impossible because I was exhausted beyond belief. Dr Eberle was completely arrogant and made little if any attempt to try and help me. She simply stated &quot;I don't see anything wrong with you and recommend that you go back to work&quot;. Dr Eberle recommended that I take Cymbalta (an antidepressant) for the numbness in my feet.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	-1	A great disappointment. I am a 30 year survivor of Ms and recently moved to the Pearland area. I attended the infusion therapy center in Pasadena where I had to bring to the attention of the wonderful nurse Susanne that Dr. Eberle had given her the wrong prescription. This doctor was at the clinic on two of the three days I was being treated and didn't have the courage or humanity to even stop in to apologize for the error or to acknowledge my presence as her patient. As they say...she is not quite ready for prime time.Should stay in a big hospital setting with a large support staff. Perhaps she should return to physical therapy until she appreciates the mindset of today's neurology patients. We want to be participants in our care! 	4	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
1	0	Having worked in a Neurologists office I did not think this doctor did a very thorough exam.  Nurse did not set up authorized procedure.  	2	2	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	-1	I dove 30 miles too see her one way and she kept me waiting over an hour.  I made my appt at 8:30 one morning and 8:45 the other morning on purpose so I would not have to wait.  Her staff said this would allow me to get in and out easily. Secondly the staff was rude on more that one occasion.  When I asked questions that she did not like she accused me of hiding something from her about my condition.  Nobody likes to be accused of such nonsense- especially when they are being paid for their help and for service.  After these two visits I had enough of being treated like dirt and decided it was not worth seeing Dr. Eberlee again.  Besides I wasn't going to drive all that way and wait for an hour while she had a cup of coffee and read the paper before she was ready to see me.  I found a much better physician closer to home who talks to me with respect and doesn't treat me like an idiot.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	During my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was a big help.Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	They have a great staff!! very clean and nice office and very affordable the husband and wife pair work great together and i will continue to go there for years to come.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
3	1	I was admitted to the hospital for a stent procedure. Well it did not go well, the stent ruptured my artery and  occluded, I had arrest in the Cath LAb. They called Dr Echeverri who took me to the OR on CPR , put me on the heart lung machine and did a quadruple bypass, I woke up in the ICU with tubes and machines. I wlake out of the hospital in less than a week. Every Christmas I dropped a thnak you note in his office. He saved my life.If you ask me , He's best cardiac surgeon in Houston. I hope one day he can join me to go deep see fishing for Marlin in Baja, I know he has got some Sails and Marlins in the Caribbean, but in Baja is monster fishing!! He's a great surgeon , but also a straight forward non-nonsense Texan man.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Dr Echeverri fixed my Aneurysm. I was told it could not be done. I had surgery  with the stent. I was out of the hospital in 2 days! Best cardiovascular surgeon. I came from out of town for this operation , and I will if I need anythong else to have him as my surgeon. Excellent office.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
3	1	I had a massive heart attack, made  it to the Hospital and had cardiac arrest. Dr Echeverri, did a quadruple bypass and put an artificial heart that stayed on for over a week. My heart was too weak to make it. Once  my heart recovered , he removed the artificial heart. This nice , handosme cowboy looking guy is the best cardiac surgeon. He is the man for the job.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
3	1	Excellent Cardiothoracic surgeon , very knowledgeable, confident. You feel that you are in good hands.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
3	1	A real surgeon. Straight shooter. presents things right to the point. Very knowledgable. He definitely knows what he is doing. One of the best cardiac surgeons in Houston.  Very well respected by colleagues and nurses, i asked the anesthesiologist and several nurses &quot;Who will you let to operate on your heart&#63;&quot; they all answered , &quot;Dr Ech, hes our best surgeon&quot; 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
3	-1	Selected by referring MD for leg amputation.  Extremely disrespectful to patient and family, dismissive of request for a second opinion.  Contributed to injury of ulcerated foot during examination.  May be a good surgeon, but is extremely condescending, arrogant, rough.  Patient and family refused to allow him to perform surgery, but he continued to schedule it anyway -- process was stopped at the last minute before transportation to the OR by patient's advocate.  	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
3	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	Dr. is great... But the Staff is horrible.... The nurse will not call me back.  Will not be going back to this Dr.  Sad but the staff ruined it for me.  	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Aetna
4	0	Dr Eads was nice.  Staff not so much.  I won;t be going back 	2	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	VERY NICE, CARING DOCTOR. HE CALLED ME PERSONALLY AFTER MY SURGERY TO CHECK AND MAKE SURE I WAS OK AFTER THE FIRST 3 DAYS OF MY SURGERY. DR.  EADS ROCKS!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
4	1	nice, friendly, very likable. Hard to reschedule or change appointment.  	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
5	-1	 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Great with kids! He has seen my young son for a year. Had to have necessary outpatient and an overnight procedures. We trust his practices, and he is highly recommended.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Dr. Ehmer was wonderful!  His bedside manner is so tender and he took time to answer all my questions.   I highly recommend him as an ENT 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	..and a great, caring guy as well. He goes out of his way to help. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	very professional and punctual, very knowledgeable, review my records before examining me 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	not good. poor service. knowledge poor. not happy with person 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	very pleaseant and helpful, speaks good english, his spanish is ok 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	0	Very nice person, but lack knowledge. He will blossom as a good physician, but he is not there yet 	2	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	very cold personality , extremely vague , missed many important topics about my disorder. staff very cheerfull though.  Sorry to say but  Worst doc i have come across 	5	5	2	2 	Insurance:Aetna
9	1	I truly loved this doctor and his staff. They were very pleasant and upbeat, I look forward to have other procedures done in their practice. T.Sanders 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	I have been seeing Edgerton for about 4 years now and I just love him. He is open to any and all questions and will sit with me until I have gone through my (literal) list of questions I have previously written out for him. I originally went to him for pain during intercourse after I had gone to several GYNs who had no clue how to diagnose me. It was Edgerton who helped me discover I have Vulvar Vestibulitis. He gave me a lot of information on it and helped me work through this condition and I have gotten much better with the pain as it is almost non-existent now. I was very glad to use him as my OB once I was pregnant and he was TERRIFIC before/during/after the delivery. It's a shame he no longer delivers babies now. I will say that some of his staff isn't always the friendliest or quickest with things, but it's more important to me to have a good doctor so i am willing to stick with him.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	0	After 2 wks I had to call about my lab results.  Nurse told me they were normal.  So I asked about my cholesterol levels that were previously elevated...She said, &quot;Oh yeah, they still are.&quot; So obviously my results were not normal. She didn't even have my previous numbers so we could see if they went up or down. I've been a patient for 3 yrs and will be switching doctors...not only because of this incident, but numerous ones.  	3	5	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Dr.Ekeruo took care of both my parents he did a wonderful job.  He went above and beyond the call of duty.  We were pleased with his level of knowledge and how he took the time to break it down to laymans terms.  No request within his professional area is considered unreasonable or to much.  He always takes the time to answer any question even with his busy schedule.  He takes the time to get to know his patients even when he is making rounds and he makes sure they are at ease with their level of comfort and security.  Never in all my days have I seen a doctor take such care with his patients.  His staff is also A1 Pricella and Alicellie are both 2 of the sweetest and focused employee I have ever seen they really seem to love what they do and it shows.  Over all our experience has been simply the best. I will be recomending him to others in the future.   IC 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
10	1	highly recommended. He is a very knowledgable doctor and very good at helping you understand procedures, tests and results and at the same time making you feel very comfortable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	I saw Dr. Eades as a new patient regarding my cardiac health issues. Dr. Eades and his staff are very professional and display optimal bedside manner.   I would refer anyone to see this great cardiologist. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Very efficient doctor. Will stay with her as long as she practices.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthFirst
13	1	Dr is very concerned with his patients and takes his time with patients.  Very thorough! 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
14	0	Since moving to the new practice at Northwest this is the most hosed up mess that I have ever seen.  Switchboard nightmare, prescriptions that never get called in and they blame everyone but themselves.  You have to leave a message to talk to someone and HOPE that you get a call back some day.  Go to a vet and get better service.  This is the most ridiculous service situation that we have ever experienced.  It has been going on for more than 2 months now.  In the beginning we gave them the benefit of the doubt but that was a waste of time and so is this practice. 	1	1	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
14	0	Dr. Eady is a nice down to earth doctor.  Unfortunately I cannot say the same for her office staff.  I have had to leave her office because they cannot effectively communicate.  I brought this up to the doctor who, I'm sure under good intentions, stood up for her office and did not try and fix the problem.  She was not interested in getting us back in there as patients, she just wanted her money.  If it weren't for her office staff (who did not submit the claims by the way), she would have had her money sooner.  Anyway, nice average dr office.  	1	3	3	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
14	1	In her 30's, really listens to you and addresses your concerns. Spends time to inform you of your condition and answer questions. Great at giving referrals to doctors in other specialties to follow-up on questionable conditions to be sure it's nothing. Won't just blow you off or play a waiting game. Gilbert, her male nurse, is WONDERFUL; has been with her a long time and remembers your name and other family members they treat. Very considerate. Have always felt like we got knowledgeable and good treatment. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Dr. Earle has always put me at ease when I am in his office. I generally dont like visiting a doctor, dentist, etc. but Dr. Earle makes me feel comfortable and takes great care of me. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	You will have to pay up from 4-6 months prior or he will not see you.  They did not make an appointment or coordinate at the hospital fo our C-sction.  Theye did not bother to tell us this and when we showed up for our supposed appointment the hospital had no clue.  Short of an emergency...ie eminent death this guy will not get out of bed or bother to come see you at the hospital.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Excellent OB, all my experiences have been positive so far.  I am very happy to have found him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Best doctor I have ever had! After seeing numerous other doctors concerning problems I was having, Dr. Eisenberg took the time to give me options and let me choose what I thought was best for me. After having the Da Vinci hysterectomy preformed by Dr. Eisenberg, it went as smooth as he said it would! I went in on a Thurs. morning and was home that afternoon! Dr. Eisenbergs expertise and professionalism was greatly appreciated. Great bedside manner, I would recommend him to any one with female issues.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
16	1	Dr. Eisenburg was very helpful. Along with Dr. Allen they fixed me up.  I am very pleased with him and would definetely recommend him to my friends &amp; family! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Best doctor, great bedside manner,very knowledgable, takes his time to listen.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
16	0	Dr. Eisenberg is knowledgeable however that being said he lacks compassion and what ppl call &quot;bedside manner&quot;. If you are looking for someone who will show up and get the job done HE IS YOUR MAN ...however if you want someone who knows what they are doing and will also show you some time and compassion...look elsewhere.  vacation...just saying. 	4	4	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Dr. E treats all my friends and family members and we just adore him. He is friendly, always available, and mostly on time. His staff is awesome.  If you leave a message they get back to you quickly and they are all very sweet! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
16	-1	This doctor saw me because mine was out of the office.  He didn't know what he was talking about.  Worst Dr ever. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	He is very thorough, patient and understanding.  He explained a procedure I had in great detail so I  could make an educated decision ahead of time.  Good doctor.  	 3/10/09	5	4	4	Insurance:Aetna
17	1	I have been living with uncontrolled high blood pressure for the last 11 months, noone was able to get it down or appeared to care. My blood pressure was running 165/118.  I had to wait a little longer than usual however it was worth it.  My blood pressure has dropped tremendously and you felt that he cared when speaking with him.  I will definitely be switching to him.  	3	2	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
17	1	Everyone of his frontline staff should be fired.  Very rude and unprofessional. 	1	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	I have been going to him for 10 yes &amp; have always found him to be polite, helpful &amp; full of information. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	Dr. Edwards is a knowledge doctor. His sister is an RN they work as a team. His staff is rude to the clients. God bless him he has a lot of patients and he cares about his patients. His staff can't deal with the load.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
17	0	no comments just get your patient load down.  	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Medicare
18	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	He helped me get on track and make great decisions! He really knows his stuff :) I am living day to day with ease.  Thank you! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	Listens to my concerns. He doesn't think the little things I think or feel are weird. He really helps me feel right.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	would not recommend. Sent my child (young adult) to him for possible psychologist referral. Dr. Edlin never referred, he simply counseled as if he were a psychologist. Counseled for 7 months; his advice had adverse affects. Switched to psychologist when child hit rock bottom. Things are good now. 	3	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
20	-1	Was a patient for over a year in that time I witnessed her go from a caring physician for the patient to one of greed and not wanting to be questioned about side effects of medications and does not want to listen when you are describing the side effects of the medicine.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	-1	the worst doctor and worst staff i have been to in a long time..will never go back to her.... 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	I have been very happy with the way Dr. Edwards is attending to me. I could not have asked for a better Dr and the thing that I love is she really is caring about what she does and cares about others feelings.  I would send anyone to her 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	0	First two visits with Dr. Edwards was great, the third visit was awful.She had me in tears by time I left her office all because I did not take a medication that was prescribed out of 3 others she had me on. She raised her voice at me and treated me as if I was a child.  Her office staff messed my appt up twice and I had to prove to them that it was their mistake or I was going to be billed a no show, luckily I still had the appt. card. 	2	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	In my experience, Dr. Edmondson himself is the best. Unfortunately, his office staff is the worst. Unfortunately, that matters a lot, since the staff are the ones I have to depend on to keep up with their faxes, which include little things like Rx refill requests from my pharmacy, and my lab results from the lab, etc.  	1	3	4	5 	Insurance:Medicare
21	-1	Was admitted to Memorial Herman Hospital and admitted to ICU.  Among my health issues at the time, I suffer severe dibiltating migraine headaches.  I was experiencing one while in ICU and Dr. Edmundson was assigned to my care for this.  This doctor obviously cares little for his patients as I was treated poorly by him, very little dialogue between us, he wouldn't hear anything I had to say, and gave me Maxalt oral tablets that did not work because the migraine was already in full swing.  I was throwing up and in so much pain.  He refused to give any kind of pain medication, and I asked the nurse for a Decadron medicine that is a steriod that helps with my migraines and he refused that as well according to the nurse.  He was not interested in speaking to me directly and spent all of 2 minutes talking to me when I first met him.  I asked him if the Maxalt did not work what pain medications could he give, and his reply was &quot;we will see&quot;.  That is all I got.   Worst doctor for his field! 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
21	-1	Poor medical judgement. Over charged for medical service and charged additional $201.25 for processing fees.  OUTRAGEOUS! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
21	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Edmondson for approx. 7 years. I have never experienced anything like the others have described. There have been times when he would be called into emergency surgery and the appointments would be backed up. Dr. Edmondson offered to refer me to another doctor closer to where I live since office visits are monthly now. I know what a bad doctor is. I have experienced 3 prior doctors who in the end 2 lost their license. Dr. Edmondson was able to diagnois a condition that several other doctors missed. Some of the other doctors said it was all made up in my head. What a relief to find a doctor who believed me and actually tried to find what was wrong. I have seen some of his staff become terse with a patient but that person no longer works there. Everyone else has treated me with respect as I have treated them. It does take awhile to get an appointment because he has so many people wanting to see him because of his repetation.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	-1	One Sentance: Dont go there. It's expensive to even see him with insurance over 300 dollars. Extremely long wait. It is hard to book appointments. Personally, he tried to ruin my wedding, I was the bride, and stuck in the hospital. He could have released me on friday, (wedding was on saturday) but choose monday instead with no professional reason whatsoever. Will not refer you to another doctor when needed if want another one, instead gets mad and bad list you as a patient, there is no way I can get information, surgeries, or even diagnoises from this doctor. He's bad news, and to say, he viewed me as a daughter. More like a cash cow or dog. You choose.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
21	0	Office staff is unprofessional. I have been harassed, threatened and hung up on concerning a bill that I do not owe because of their office error. Nepotism is a problem. Feel this problem has escalated to a vendetta on their part.  		4	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	-1	Office staff very disorganized and inefficient. Had to wait 1 3/4 hours to see the Dr. Communication between this Dr. and my primary care Dr. was non-existent.  	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:Aetna
23	1	My daughter dislocated her knee cap at age 8. She has always been very flexible. We went to this doctor and found out she has hypermobility syndrome. I had been asking her pediatrician for years why she bent the way she did and he always said she would grow out of it. Now I know she won't and there are certain surgeries she should NEVER have. He was so wonderful my husband went to him for a hip injury. He did my husbands total hip replacement and it went wonderfully! He and his staff have always been helpful and willing to answer my questions.  We have had a wonderful experience and will use him again if we ever need anything!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
23	-1	This man is an embarrassment to real doctors and surgeons.  After doing an extremely poor surgery for what should have been a minor cyst removal, he did the surgery again, and again, and yet again !  My husband ended up in the hospital for a week, with horrible multiple infections, the &quot;doctor&quot; NEVER gloved up while examining the open wounds, and was very unconcerned about the welfare of the patient.   Even though his patient was overweight, and over 50, he was never tested for any blood sugar problems, and was not concerned until the patient's blood sugar was 500+ !! Patient now has type II diabetes. This &quot;doctor&quot; told us he couldn't do anything more, there would ALWAYS be an open wound, and he sent us to the wound center at Brazosport Memorial Hosp.  Thank God for small favors !  They took one look at the mess, and after months, helped fix what the incompetent doctor screwed up.  What a frightening experience, and I hope no one else has to go through what we did.  What a jerk.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
24	1	I love this doctor!  He is so great to everyone.  The staff is wonderful too.  I would highly recommend going to see them! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Only been seeing her for a few months, she knows her stuff. Knew exactly what was wrong by my first appt. with her and put me on the correct meds. to stabilize my heart problem. She has been highly recommended by my family Dr. and I am glad I went to her.  Thank you Dr Ebert! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Scott & White
26	-1	this doctor was in a hurry and and was very abrupt 		2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Dr. Judith is amazing. She has been my son's pediatrician since he was 6 months old. She is kind, patient, and extremely knowledgeable - especially when it comes to diseases I'd never even heard of. She even made suggestions where my own health was concerned, and was always correct.  Love her! 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
26	1	I loved this physician. She was always very helpful and gave me thorough answers for all my questions. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	I would not reccomend this doctor. 		2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Knows his stuff, but is notoriously behind schedule. Do NOT accept an afternoon appointment unless you are prepared to wait an hour in the waiting room beyond your appointment time.  	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	0	 	5	4	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Excellent knowledge of medicine plus extreme concern for patients 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	Don't be fooled by this surgeon's presentation skills when evaluating him.  He is quite impressive, but his surgical skills leave a lot to be desired.  I found out the hard way and paid a huge price.  He performed a mini maze procedure on me and I never regained normal sinus rhythm.  I am now in permanent atrial fibrillation.  I would definitely not recommend him. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	I had surgery done by this surgeon.  It was a complete failure and damaged my heart.  He has poor bedside manner and is mean spirited.  No follow-up whatsoever.  To him, you are just a number.  He doesn't care.  Look elsewhere. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Mini-maze procedure, doctor was knowledgable and performed admirably. Office staff very helpful in working with insurance company.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	-1	This doctor was supposed to perform a mini maze procedure on me for my paroxysmal atrial fibrillation.  Upon going in, he tore my aorta, which required emergency open heart surgery to repair it.  After coming out of surgery, I was in total shock upon noticing the massive incisions.  He didn't even have the decency to inform me as to what happened until he made his rounds the following day.  He is rude, arrogant and insensitive.  I asked him a number of questions and he got very angry and defensive.  He never gave me a straight answer as to what really happened.  My decision to go with this doctor was the WORST mistake in my life.  Complications such as a torn aorta should NEVER happen in performing a simple mini maze procedure.  This doctor almost cost me my life and I certainly would not recommend him.  My advice to anyone considering using Dr. Edgerton is DON'T DO IT!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Very caring, very professional,healing after surgery less than expected,would let Dr. Edgerton do surgery on any family member if needed.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
30	1	I just had valve replacement and bypass surgery. Dr, Edgerton took 2 hours explaining the surgery, risks and complications to my wife and me. The surgery went will. I don't think I've ever been treated by a more caring or compassionate doc.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
30	1	He and his staff were most attentive, friendly, kind, &amp; understanding. This was my first surgery, and he took alot of patience in explaining all details both pre &amp; post surgery.  Very wonderful man ! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
30	1	Edgerton was referred to me by my electro cardiologist and did an excellent job on my Mini-Maze procedure.  I felt comfortable with his knowledge and expertise in this area as this was my second time around to correct my condition that was treated several years ago by another doctor performing a similar procedure.  	3	4	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
30	1	Great doctor.  The most important thing to consider is that he is a very talented surgeon, and there is no question that he extended my life.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	Dr. Edgerton did a &quot;Mini Maze&quot; procedure on me in 2009 at Baylor Heart Hospital to correct and arrythmia in my heart. I was very favorably impressed with him and his staff from the very first time I went in for and office visit. I became even more impressed with the professionalism he displayed in treating me. I rate he and his staff at the highest possible level of medical know how and caring for their patients. My experience at Baylor Heart Hospital and with Dr. Edgerton was so wonderful I told my wife if ever I had any further need for heart related diagnosis or treatment that I wanted Dr. Edgerton to be my Dr. and if hospitalization were necessary that there was no question about where I wanted to be treated. The hospitak staff and Dr. Edgerton's staff are beyond reproach as far as I am concerned.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	Our meeting with Dr.Edgerton was very rewarding.  He answered all of our questions and gave us peace of mind to know what the next step should be. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Performed multiple bypasses - he is very confident &amp; professional. Provided timely info to my wife about my surgery. Very thankful he was available to perform complex &amp; lengthy surgery.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
30	1	GREAT DOCTOR &amp; HOSPITAL.   WOULD HIGHLY RECCOMEND MAIZE PROCEDURE DEVELOPED BY DR EDGERTON 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	-1	Made me wait for over 2 hrs then hurried through visit Did not explain everything Made mistakes 	2	2	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	 		2	4	3 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Dr. Ehni has a wonderful bedside manner an was extremely knowledgable in addressing my medical needs. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Dr. Eicher exudes confidence.  I am a cancer patient she has treated for more than five years having undergone three surgeries plus radiation therapy.  I would trust her with my most treasured family member.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
32	1	Dr. Susan Eicher is a fine, thorough, thoughtful, knowledgable head and neck surgeon specializing in cancer surgery. Unfortunately,she no longer takes new patients at her Baylor office and she confines her new patients and all surgery to Ben Taub County Hospital where she is chief of Head and Neck surgery. This is a county hospital and trauma center that also sees patients with Medicare, Medicaid and other insurance as well as indigent patients. Therefore, the wait is very long, the place is crowded and unpleasant waiting rooms. It is not private practice! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	An excellent head and neck surgeon with 20 years experience. She has had extensive cancer surgery training at MD Anderson Cancer Hospital in Houston, but she left to go to Methodist/Baylor where she could give more personal medical attention to patients.She is a kind, caring surgeon and I highly recommend her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
33	1	Me and the whole family have been seeing Dr. Eivens for 2 years now, and couldn't be happier with the way her office and staff are 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	The OD is very patient, very Knowledgeable in this field. I will recommend to all my friends and family members.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:AHC
35	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	Dr is unwilling to truly think about issue and try to diagnose. If you are not a standard issue health problem, you need not go to this surgeon. He does not know how to think through a problem nor does he want to accept his own mistakes.The dr is also very stand offish and somewhat arrogant. Cold and lacking compassion would be the best description for him.  	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
36	1	She is a great doctor, very knowledgeable with great bedside manner.  She takes her time and explains every aspect of my son's care.  He has had so much improvement with his brain injury since we have decided to see her.   I recommmend her to any brain injury patients out there looking for rehab! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
37	0	Okay most times he is running behind, I have waited up to 45 minutes in the exam room without having seen him or waiting for him to return. 2 visits ago I saw his wife instead of him and asked to switch birth control she suggested a PoP, after 3+ months I was concerned that my period was coming to often. I went to see Dr Eckhardt; during this visit both the nurse and Dr Eckhardt asked whether I was still breastfeeding. I have not been pregnant yet! It hit me that they had no idea why I was on the PoP. He did a quick exam, asked what I had been on before the PoP, we talked about why I was on the PoP, discussed options and he wanted a blood test to check my thyroid; this exchange took all of 5 minutes, I felt like I was on a timer for this part of the visit. This seems to be his answer for everything, check the thyroid. I honestly left that appointment more upset than I was before, I will not be going back.  	3	1	3	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
37	-1	DO NOT, I REPEAT DO NOT GO TO THIS DOCTOR. HE IS THE WORST DOCTOR YOU COULD EVER ASK FOR. I HAVE NO IDEA WHY HE PRACTICES. I HAD A BOY INSTEAD OF A GIRL LIKE I WAS TOLD. I WAS INDUCED AND HE SHOWED UP SUPER LATE. THE NURSES PLAYED IT OFF MY BABY TURNED AROUND AND MY WATER BROKE HOURS BEFORE HE GOT THERE. I COULD'VE GOTTEN AN INFECTION AND BY BABY COULD'VE BEEN IN DISTRESSED. HE JUST DOESN'T CARE, DON'T KNOW IF HE'S **** OR HAS A PROBLRM WITH MEDICAID-PATIENTS. MY DELIVERY HAD TO BE A C-SECTION AFTER LONG AND PAINFUL CONTRACTIONS AND HE SHOWED UP RIGHT BEOFRE AN EMEGENCY C-SECTION THAT LASTED WHAT SEEMED A BLINK OF AN EYE. I WAS IN SOOOOOOOOOO MUCH PAIN IT TOOK TWO MONTHS BEOFRE I RECOVERED. WISH I WOULD'VE READ THSES REVIEWS BEFORE I WENT TO HIM. KEEP AWAY!HOPE YOU FIND A DOCTOR YOU CAN HAVE A GOOD PATIENT/DOCTOR RELATIONSHIP.  	4	1	2	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
37	-1	.  	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
37	-1	This dr is the worst I have ever been to he done my 3 repeat c-section. Its been 6 weeks now and still in pain. When he put the stapes in me a week later they took them out with me having a yeast infection in my cut. They put the paper stitches on anyway they fell off by the time I got home so my mother had to butterfly my cut. I went back to  that office due to the pain in my uterus they told me that its nothing to do with them I have to go to my pcp and get something done. And it was due to having intercourse which thats not true I havent been able to get out of bed since the surgery.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
37	-1	This doctor is terrible. My water broke at 30 weeks. Dr. Peet was the one on call but Dr. Eckhardt was the one calling shots. I layed there with no fluid and in pain asking over and over why they wouldnt take her. I was not connected to the heart monitors but two times a shift for 1 hour shift being 12 hours. The night before she showed distress but he was to busy so they played it off. Very rude and just dosent care. My baby died at 31 weeks inside me due to going into labor and her cord being compressed. If he would have done his job she would be here. She weighed 4 lbs and was beatiful.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
37	-1	He was my the on-call doctor the weekend that I delivered my baby.  This was the WORST experience I could have ever imagined.  Never communicated anything to me and did not show up until the baby was almost delivered.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	He is excellent.  I called his office for an urgent appointment, we just moved in town and we had some issues during my pregnancy.  They gave an appointment for first thing in the morning next day.  He explained everything very well and help us understand that everything was fine. Very caring during the c-section, and funny, he was singing and telling stories during the whole procedure. Very profesional.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
37	1	Very good doctor, he takes his time to listen to me. He understands about issues concerning a patient my age [57]. He performed surgery on me [bladder suspension]in 2004 and the results were very sucessful. He makes you feel very comfortable during your visit with him. The staff are very pleasant and prompt.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	Dr. Edwards has been my dentist since 2004. Even though I now live many miles from his office, I continue to use his services. He is extremely professional but very personable. He is pragmatic, mindful of the time and expense that dental care can incur. All of his work has been excellent and lasting.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
39	1	I've been Dr. Eelani's patient for several years now. I am pleased with him and like his calm manner. He never seems to be rushing me out of his office like most doctors, and he has never taken a demeaning attitude like some of my other doctors have.  I'd give him a thumbs-up! 	 1/24/10	3	3	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	0	The wait to see the doctor is very long! It's not just a one time thing, it's every time you have an appointment. The nurse he had was great and knowledgeable but now she is the office manager and works in the office. The nurse now and receptionist made lots of errors on me. The doctor works too many different places and I feel he has a hard time focusing on his private practice as he is always rushed and late for appointments. He is very pleasant and friendly. I went to him for years but did not help me with a blood pressure problem. I went to another doctor and it was resolved rather shortly.  Just a matter of the wrong medications being given.  The office is only open 4 days a week or less.  	3	1	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	0	I saw this doctor years ago and he misdiagnosed my stroke for a migraine.  	2	1	3	3 	Insurance:Pacificare
39	1	very happy with Dr. Eelani. He schedules appt. starting at 8:30 and he ususally doesn't get there until 9:00, but goes pretty quick. He is a very pleasant man.  		3	4	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
40	1	Dr. Effendi is an excellent doctor. He is very knowledgeable and polite. Honestly one of the sweetest medical professionals I have ever met. Usually most doctors do no give their patients the time of day, but this was not at all the case with Dr. Effendi. I know he is still early in his career as a doctor so I wish him well in his many years to come as a neurosurgeon! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	Amazing bedside manner. Dr. Effendi was very helpful with explaining all procedures to be performed. I honestly felt as if I was his only patient and he truly cared about the outcome of my surgery. Would definitely see him again for surgeries or outpatient care. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Dr. Easley is one of the best Drs. I have ever been to. She listens and is kind. She makes sure you get the best care you can if she cannot help you.She also gives me the time I need to give her all the information I need to give her about my symtoms. And the best part is I can get a appt. same day if I need it.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	Dr. Easley really is a good Dr. She does listen to you and will give you referrals without you going nuts before getting to see a specialists as long as it's warrented and she sees that. She is pretty much on schedule which is a plus but also a minus because you need to get everything in with her quickly as she only gives you a few mins at a time. you can schedule a longer appt time it may just take awhile. She is smart and if she doesn't kow why something is happenning she says so and will send you tro someone who she believes can help you. Her office is all com puterized so a script is sent via computer to the pharmacy and ready by the time you get there. a BIG plus when you don't feel good and don't want to wait an hour to get your medicine :-) !!! 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Best looking doc I've ever seen.  Lookout Temple!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	he's great. really really great. i highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Every doctor is likely to have bad reviews. Don't let the other reviews sway you away. I was recommended to Dr.Edmunson by my pcp. He took an honest interest in my case and helped me out in a direct and honest way. I am seeing him for an acquired TBI and inattention issues.  	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	-1	This doctor did not do what he said he would, was massively late, unwilling to talk to us about the condition we were facing, and would not prescribe a medication (non-narcotic) that had worked for this condition over and over again with prior doctors.  Arrogant, no bedside manner, couldn't be bothered to see what a past doctor had done with this medical condition.  Absolutely horrible experience. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	Dr. Edmundson misdiagnosed my condition. He ran many tests using his equipments and did not give any report of any of the tests. He refused to correct the error of his diagnosis. He initially said was optic migraine and then told me it was a Vascular disease and then gave a diagnostic code for Loss of Vision for my insurance claim. At no point did I have or report that I lost my vision but he claimed insurance money with a diagnosis code of Loss of Vision. I only said I had flashes of light lasting for 5-7 minutes and he said he did not have a code for it. Ultimately he has not come up with any recommendation or treatment with diagnostic tests running over $1000/- I think this has to be reported or people  concerned to be aware of Doctor's carelessness and total indifference.  The doctor hang up on me saying he had no time to talk to me because he had many other patients!!!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
44	1	Punctual doctor. My appointment was right after their lunch hour so I was seen within 10 minutes after lunch. Dr. Edwards is patient, thorough, empathetic, and listens to every detail. He does not rush you nor is he in a rush. Office staff very helpful and friendly. I can't say enough about this doctor. He is the true meaning of the cliche &quot;Where have you been all my life&quot;.  	 7/18/12	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
44	0	Stay away!!!! Dont trust him!!! He has his own agenda!!! And he doesnt listen nor cares about you!!! Dont make the same mistake I made by choosing him as your Dr...  	4	3	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	I am older and well passed my child bearing years.  I only wish I had found Dr. Edwards before my children were born.  He is so easy to talk to able sometimes embarrassing female things.  He is very caring and I have referred many people to him...they love him as well.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	-1	Always thought he was a good doctor, but turns out he's a passive aggressive creep. His exams ALWAYS hurt. He said I had HPV and did two surgeries, later saying I did not have it. After complaining I got my records for a new doctor. Dr Edwards had notes in my file that said I was diagnosed with several things that I have never been diagnosed with. He refused to correct it, and unfortunately the new malpractice laws in TX made it not worth suing him for. Lynn Gibbs is a good doctor in Katy too and he said the guy was a quack.  	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
44	1	Dr Edwards is great!  Helps you make informed decisions and is not afraid to answer your questions.  The staff is less than helpful and it seems that the medical assistant seems to change every year or so, but I seem to continue to tolerate them because I trust Dr Edwards to deliver my children.  	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
44	1	I have been seeing Dr. Edwards since my twins were born almost 20 years ago. Now my daughters see him.  I highly recommend him to everyone! So very caring of all his patients! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
44	1	Dr. Edwards is the best doctor I have ever met. His kind words and professional skill help me go through my high risk preganancy smoothly.  	 9/22/10	3	4	5	Insurance:Aetna
44	1	Dr. Edwards delivered my 1st baby and will soon deliver my 2nd. He is a WONDERFUL person who is caring and kind.  A+ person &amp; doctor!!! :) 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
44	1	He delivered my higher risk pregnancy.  I think he is best when there is a problem in making you feel calm and assured that everything will be ok and doing any testing needed.  I think he does what he can to assure the mother and calm fears.  He was very compassionate.  He really knows what he is doing.  I was able to have complete confidence in his decisions for my care.  Excellent Doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	I saw Dr. Edwards for my first baby and am sad he doesn't take my new insurance, as he dcouldn't then deliver my 2nd baby.  My first prengnancy was a crisis pregnancy and that first visit, he talked to me about it with the kindest face and voice I have ever heard.  He then asked if I needed a hug!  What doctor does that&#63;  He took me trough that scary pregnancy every step of the way, and his staff was accomodating to my difficult insurance issues at the time.  Dr. Edwards will respect you for your medical decisions and appreciates when you do research on your own.  He will then help you weigh pros and cons of your ideas.  He is amazing. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	I have had 2 babies with Dr. Edwards.  He is a wonderful Dr.  He had a great bedside manner. Very thoughtful of his patients needs.  Definitely knows his stuff.  I totally and completely trust him to make the best medical decisions for me.  At the beginning of my last pregnancy he seemed to be going through some turnover with his staff so that may have been the problem for the previous reviewer but that seems to have settled and his nurses are great.  I recommend him to everyone.  I have been recommending him for the last 10 yrs since I heard a glowing recommendation from a friend.   He's the best! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	The doctors is amazing, he delivered my daughter. However he has the absolutely worst staff. They are rude, unprofessional, and always loose my records and important documents.  	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
44	1	I have now been seeing Dr. E for about 8 years. He has helped me through a cancer scare and he just delivered my first child. I would recommend him to anyone. Just see the other notes people left.  I agree with them all 100%! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	I love Dr. Edwards.  He is very knowledgable, compassionate, and never rushes through appointments.  He spends lots of time answering and taking care of any concerns I have.  Best Dr. I've ever seen.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	When my daughter had issues with suspected ovarian cysts,and experiences months of pain, hassles from the schools for attendance and treatment that never seemed to get at the problem, Dr. Edwards took the time to give her problem lots of thought and suggest that we see a urologist. She was diagnosed with a bladder condition that presents similar to a cyst. She was given treatment by the specialist and cured with a matter of months. Dr. Edwards never gave up on us, helped us through this rough time, treated us with respect and kindness.  Next time I have to wait in his lobby for what seems like forever, I will remember that he is probably helping someone that needs the time it takes to get it done, I will have patience knowing his knowledge and experience are worth the wait.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	I was one of Dr. Edwards' first patients when he opened his practice. He delivered my daughter on 3/23/1992 (15 years ago today). I loved him as a doctor then, and still do; he's seen me through everything from childbirth to menopause! He never rushes through an exam, is always willing to take whatever time you need to discuss your issues, and his calm and kind demeanor puts you at ease immediately. I highly recommend Dr. Edwards.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
44	1	I was 21 wks. into my 2nd pregnancy when we moved to Katy and was very worried and quite honestly frightened about finding a new OB. After some research I discovered Dr. Edwards and scheduled an appointment. They saw me in the office the very next week and I was not disappointed with the choice I had made. Dr. Edwards and his staff welcomed me as if I had been their patient from the beginning of my pregnancy. This was really important to me because as far as I was into my pregnancy, I wanted a Dr. that I felt I could trust eventhough we had just met. I found that in Dr. Edwards and I wanted to share that with others who feel the way I do about finding a new Dr. I recommend Dr. Edwards and his staff to anyone who is new to the area or just unhappy with their current Dr.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
44	1	Dr. Edwards is very compassionate and takes all the time you need to answer any questions. He is very knowledgable and never makes you feel rushed. He genuinely cares about his patients. I would highly recommend him to anyone.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	. awsome doc 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
46	-1	Dr. Edery is has THE WORST bedside manner I have ever come across. He was condescending and actually raised his voice at me when I told him I had more than one concern I needed him to address. He was getting agitated at about 7 minutes into the visit. When I showed him my main concern he told me my lips were chapped (because I subconsciously lick them continuously)and gave me an over the counter lip balm. Of course it did nothing for me so I continued to suffer with my problem. I will NEVER refer anyone to him. He is a waste of your time and money...just retire already! 	4	5	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Very pleasant experience. Wait time was minimal, and staff was friendly . Dr Edery immediately diagnosed my problem and offered solution. I will definitely use his services again. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Dr. Edery is the best! He speaks both English and Spanish, he does well with people of all ages, and he cares about his patients. He is a one of a kind. He puts his patients first. This is a great doctor and a great man. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	It was nice to have a doctor come in and spend time with us and tell us the pro's and con's. He was excellent. We walked out understanding what was going on and what to think about and not be scared to death. He answered all questions. Dr.  Ekhaese was the best!!!! Thank you 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
49	1	I felt at ease and all questions were thoroughly addressed.  5 star outfit! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	It is so good to finally not be in pain! I had tried so many things to treat my headaches and back pain. Dr Edwards is a kind, gentle doctor and I am very glad I went to him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	Staff is very nice.  Need to be better organized.  Not efficient use of time.  Doctor seems rushed.  Not as prepared to discuss illness as I expected. 	5	1	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	Really helpful on providing information .                           Staff is gerat makes you feel very loved .  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
50	1	Compassionate doctor.  Truely cares about his patients.  Great staff too! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	-1	unfriendly staff and not very organized.  	3	5	1	3 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
52	-1	I've had rotator cuff surgery on both shoulders.Right first by a different doctor.Then after learning that the condition is work related,I chose to have the left done under workers comp,but because the first doctor did not except workers comp,  I had to go to Eifler.I'm sorry that I did' because I've had nothing but trouble with my left shoulder(re-occuring pain,numbness,loss of use and strength.).I believe that doctors under workers comp in Texas can repair only whats injured and not aloud to do any preventive work such as I had done on my right shoulder.If you have insurance,use it.  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Workers Comp
53	-1	Do not expect to get any help from this doctor or his staff with getting your disability insurance documentation paperwork signed off on. They promised me they would fill out forms then flat out refused, then would not even respond to call or emails. I was off work for over a month and needed him to sign off on my diagnosis for short term disability, he confirmed in an email that he would then when the insurance company asked for another more piece of documentation they flatly refused to do any of it. His office manager is rude. His bedside manner is ok but paperwork is not their strong suit, so he basically cost me a months pay because of their &quot;business Practices&quot; I would avoid this doctor if I were you.  	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
53	0	Dr East is a very knowledgable doctor but has two major problems. 1. This is a biggie - he uses Select for his outpatient services. They are very dirty and cut corners on safety. They had me fill out a survey while the nurse stared at me, I guess to try to intimidate me. 2. I told him I was an addict but he still insisted on giving me pain pills.  Also it is almost comical on how fake they come across when trying to be polite. I won't go back. 	1	5	4	2 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	I have been a chronic pain patient for fifteen years. I have been Dr, East's patient for the past six years. Dr, East saved my life!! After seeing fifteen plus doctors whose advice was everything from it's all in my head to amputation I was referred to Dr, East. I went from spending almost twenty hours a day in bed, contemplating suicide to having a life again. I owe it all to Dr, John East. After living in constant unbearable pain, I am now able to function like a regular person. Pain no longer rules my life, with Dr. East's treatment, I now manage pain instead of pain managing me. If you suffer from chronic pain, I urge you to see Dr. East. He accomplished what no other doctor was able to do. He gave me back my life.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
53	1	Dr. East is an awsome Dr. He has a very caring attidude and very concerned. He also takes measures to find out what the problem is and the recomended treatment, instead of just sending you on your way to deal with the pain on just pain meds. He did a procedure for my lower back involving an injection, which I feel great and strongly recomend if it is the treatment for you. Over all absolutely great experience.  	 1/28/09	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
53	1	Finally, a Dr. that is compassionate and knowledgable about chronic pain.  For those of us with multiple, long-term issues, it is nice to be treated with respect for real issues and with a team attitude.  I can't say enough good things about Dr. East and his staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Pacificare
53	1	Dr. East was very helpful and sensitive to the pain and issues I was having. He has made a great differenct in the quality of life for me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
53	-1	I told Dr. East when I first visited him that my problem was my shoulder yet he insisted it was a problem with my neck.  After 3 months of therapy, 14 shots, and much pain on my part, I begged Dr. East to MRI my shoulder and sure enough, it was my rotator cuff.  I will never go back to that office.  They have a good bedside manner, but it's all for show.  Dr. East should listen more to his patients and not assume they are dummys.  	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
53	-1	While Dr. East does have friendly staff, and a fantastic physical therapist... he well isn't exactly a thorough doctor.     On any given visit, I sat in a packed waiting room.  While Dr. East doesn't make you wait long -- he moves and talks fast about your case.     After only sitting 5 minutes in the room with me, I noticed that he asked his staff if his next patient was already waiting in one of the other rooms.          He wasn't running late, and I wasn't done asking questions. But to maximize his profits, he schedules patients 15 minutes apart.... you really aren't allowed to take up any more of his time.    In other visits, he took phone calls in the middle of the appointment.  Or better yet, didn't even do a consult and had his girls instruct me to get undressed so he could do injections without even asking me about my symptoms.  When I asked to speak to him first, she shrugged he literally did the injection and walked out without really talking to me, an 	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Great experience with Cornerstone Recovery. Overall compassionate, knowledgeable, and effective. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	-1	 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	. Dr Echols has been me and my family Dr for over 10 yrs  I was hospitalized  and he discovered I had Diabetes and several other problems was not able to keep a job before thanks to Dr Echols I was able to go to work and is still holding down a job each time I went for my appointment  I notice elderly people there and they were handled with kit gloves  He were very through each visit I left with more knowlege than when I came with           My hat is off to you Dr Echols 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
55	-1	. he had me going to the office every 3 months just to get my scrips & would call & cancel a apointment a few hrs before I  was to go  once   i wated  4hrs till he showed  they never set you with  apointment you had to call to come  in its not fair       unethical 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
55	1	I like this doctor's approach and bedside manner. He is very knowledgeable in all areas. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	dr. echols is a caring man who does alot to get to the source of your problem.he's been 100 percent acurate every time i need to see him.i think that he's just great. i dont trust many but,i trust him wholeheartedly!!!!   your patient,   angela randle. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	During my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was an amazing success!Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	-1	We have been going to this Dr for about 3 years now and I have stayed b/c the staff is so nice and the wait is never more than 5 minutes. But both of our boys have been given meds that didn't help their conditions and furhter more they did not get better and continued to worsen. Looking for a new pedi.  	5	5	2	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
56	-1	Ugh!  Where do I start.  My children see this doctor and have several times been misdiagnosed.  Most of the time they end up seeing the PA in the office. Just do the research befor e you pick any doctor..  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Aetna
57	-1	Dr.Mark has a great personality, however, when your in pain and suffering, he is not the one you want to go to! He tries all the &quot;alternative&quot; routes, which do not work 95% of the time! 	5	5	3	1 	Insurance:Unknown
58	-1	Dr. Eberley completed several tests on my 80 year-old mother, but was disorganized, as she would misplace the results each time.  She did not add a positive aspect to my mother's situation.  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Medicare
58	1	After seeing several physicians without a diagnosis, it was a blessing to see Dr. Eberley.  She not only took time to listen to what I had to say, she also finally made the correct diagnosis.  Thank you Dr. Eberley and God bless you.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	0	Billing staff purposely will not submit certain medical procedures to insurance providers to avoid reduced payments or rejected claims. This nonsubmittal allows the direct billing of the full amount (set at their own discretion) to the patient. When asked to submit the procedure to the insurance, the billing staff refused.  	1	3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	Dr. Eberley is a great doctor who genuinely cares about her patients. She provides excellent medical care. She also has a wonderful and friendly staff.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unicare
59	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Ekadi's since 2004.  I have a very complicated medical history and I needed a doctor that would take the time to learn everything about my history and work with me to manage my health.  Dr. Ekadi's staff does turnover often but that is because she is constantly seeking perfection in the way her office opperates.  I have NEVER received incorrect information as another person posted.  I've only had 2 appointments resecheduled by her office in 8 years.  Sure you wait to see the doctor, show me an office that you don't and I'll show you a doctor that does not take the extra time some of her patients need.   In short, I think she is the best doctor I have EVER had and I plan to keep her as my PCP for as long as possible! 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
59	-1	I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS DOCTOR TO ANYONE!! Not even to my worst enemy. This doctor performs procedures for all new patients that is totally unnecessary. And then performs same test every 3 or 6 months. She always reschedules patients appointments. This doctor office can NEVER keep her employees. Everytime I would see her there were always new workers.  And they can NEVER do their job right.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	As a registered nurse involved in quality improvement for many years, I can attest to the fact that her practice of medicine is thorough and appropriate. She considers the total patient, is very concerned and considerate. I never mind waiting since I know she is giving all her patients the same quality care.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
59	1	Dr. Ekadi is knowledgeable, polite and will do her best to assist you, but her staff is not adequate in assisting her patients. 	1	2	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
59	0	She has two different offices and they get reports mixed up (blood xrays etc.The office help most of the time are very rude scary sometime would like to change Doctors butWHO&#63;&#63;&#63; My previous Dr.of 30yrs passed away (To young) next one of 2yrs quit her practice whom we liked very much and she took very good care of her patients. I have no problem with Dr.Ekadi its just scary when they get things so mixed up.  	2	2	2	3 	Insurance:Medicare
59	1	Dr. Ekadi is a wonderful personable doctor that will address whatever issues you present to her in whatever time is necessary. The appointments normally are on-time, but OCCASIONALLY do run late if she has been at the hospital. The nurse staff provide adequate service. The 'staff' rating is based on the front desk clerk that is not 'on-top-of-things'. Although, the clerk did 'jump-through-hoops' with bcbs in attempts to acquire my insurance information that had not been received; generally my experience is that things are forgotten or improperly handled. My preference of keeping Dr. Ekadi as my doctor far out-weighs the less-than-desirable front clerk staff. After all, it's the doctor who keeps you healthy.....not the front desk clerk.  	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	-1	The office is very poorly managed and want to charge you basically for just walking in the door and do not respond I was dropped as a patient and no explanation and could not get a response then when I found another doctor they wanted to charge me for records for the doctor and it was not my choice to change but I guess God was watching over me because I was not in good hands I had trust in the doctor and she made many mistakes but I looked over them knowing we are human but I feel God knew I needed a change so I thank him and want to protect anyone from ending up in my same situation because it was very deceiving but after 4 years I was crazy to continue to go there and don't want anyone to make the same mistake I would not take my animal there I told the office that was a 50.00 charge worth what my ending impression was of them they can control anything regarding financial they want and money was more important and if they were truly Christain moral and ethic would be first.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
60	1	very nice doctor and office staff. Makes doctor visits a pleasant experience considering the circumstances.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
61	1	Has been my sons Dr for 12 years and my daughters for 1 1/2 years both since birth. Couldn't be more pleased with the Dr, absolutely wonderful! However, the office/staff could be better. Desk people are pushy and lack full knowledge of insurance system and billing. Would definetly recommend even with the office struggles.  	2	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
61	1	 	2	2	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	Dr evases has helped me with chronic back pain.  I would recommend him to anyone needing help. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	I used Dr Edmondson when I first moved to TX and when I moved further away from his office I went to another OBGYN.  Had a horrible experience with a pregnancy/miscarriage so I quickly whent back to Dr Edmondson.  He was great with my second pregnancy and calmed all my fears of another miscarriage.  I will go to Dr Edmondson as long as he is in practice.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
63	1	Dr. Edmondson was my friends OBGYN for all 3 of her pregnancies, and now I am using him as my OBGYN for my first child. They always take me early when I arrive for my appointments. I never have to wait more than 10 minutes. My appointment even got mixed up and I showed up on the wrong day and he still squeezed me in. He can be very quiet, but I have known him for awhile so he talks to me and my husband a lot. He is very &quot;old school&quot; and does not do anything unless it is necessary. i feel very comfortable with him and I will continue to use him as my doctor after my baby is born.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	ALWAYS on time, never had to wait more than 10 minutes but not too friendly.  Don't get me wrong he is nice but I guess you can say VERY quiet.  	5	5	3	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
63	1	Doc knows his stuff, but he's a little grouchy sometimes.  	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
63	1	Great OB....just not very punctual...but worth my wait. 	4	3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	.  	1	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	1	Dr. Eidsvig really listened to me and helped me with my neck pain.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	Dr. Echols is very good at making diagnoses using kinesology.  I had been to two other alternative doctors, but they had not determined what was the problem.  Dr. Echols spent some time with me, checking over various organs using kinesology, and recommended some nutritional formulas to correct these conditions.  He also advised me on diet.  He is very thorough and takes his time in talking with you.  I am still going to him until my health improves. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	Dr. Earp is great.  He is willing to listen, and is very kind and compassionate.  I highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
67	-1	Way too many problems here: Signed up for physical, but not given and not billed as preventative exam;started on cholesterol meds. w/no follow-up; wrong codes submitted and took months to straighten out; wham/bam physical, not even disrobing, left exam room w/o saying he did not plan to return, yet patient not finished explaining symptoms; told several times Rx called in, but not there when made trip to drug store; wrong codes submitted for billing to insurance co. and lab, taking months to straighten out.    Basically one problem after another and no apologies from this dude.   Good riddance! 	 5/23/11	2	2	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	-1	This quack has a definite drug problem along with his staff. Avoid him at all costs! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	It's nice to know that there are still doctors around like Dr. Earp and his colleagues who will treat you promptly, thouroughly, and courteously. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	I'm very happy with Dr. Earp. Extremely pleasant and eager to please. Very warm individual with excellent credentials. Always returns calls personally and promptly and follows up when I am seen by his referrals. Definately a &quot;top&quot; doc.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	What a wonderful doctor! He is knowledgeable as well as a caring provider. He's an example of the best of the best.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
67	1	Very helpful, compassionate, really cares.  His assistant Morgan, is also top-notch! Can't say enough positive things about them! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
67	1	DR.Earp Is the best..He takes Time with you. he explain everything so that you can understand.his staff is also fun and happy to see you...  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	I can't tell you how many people, including, other doctors, have referred me to LifeScape. Dr. Earp and all the providers and staff are outstanding.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
68	-1	provided incorrect information to patient that had to be re-explained by another healthcare professional. did not check or run lab values. caused confusion to the patient when he  transferred RX's to a mail order pharmacy that the company he worked for owned without consent.  	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
68	-1	He did not use basic medical knowledge to prevent major medical health crisis.  He changed medicines without direct contact of the patient creating confusion among the pharmacy, home health agency, and the Dr.'s office as a whole.  He is very negligent about not using lab tests to check important blood levels which caused a lengthy hospital stay because of damage from giving too much of a medication.  He gave incorrect advice when it came to medicare information (he was paid to do a yearly visit on what you're entitled to with medicare).  He transferred medicines to a different pharmacy without patient consent.  If you do decide to use his services, make sure you are a good advocate of yourself or an advocate that can fight for you.  	5	3	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
69	-1	 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	. takes personal interest in the welfare of his patients 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
71	1	Dr.  Edwards is very knowledgeable and caring and is an excellent pcp 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
71	1	. Jeff is a great listener, and undid damage done to my health by other doctors 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	-1	Does not care about whats best for the patient.  Argumentative.  Ethics called to question.  	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
73	1	Dr. Edwards is a calm, reassuring, pleasant doctor. He has many, many years of experience, yet he treats each patient on an individual basis. His best asset is that he truly listens to the patient & takes time to explain things. The main improvement he could use is to change his nurse, who is not-so-nice, never smiles, acts like she's too busy for the patient, & worst of all, she takes days & days to return a simple phone call. This is the only problem I have with this office - to get a question answered may take a week, due to the slow service of his nurse.  	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
73	1	Dr. Edwards is a very wonderful doctor. He has great bed side manners and he listens.I was truly blessed when I met him.My condition has improved over 100% 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Dr. Edwards, is one of the best in his field.  He has maintained my health w/ovarian cancer - stage 3c, for over seven years.  I have had  very good quaility of life and excellent care. I have been very blessed with a doctor that truly cares. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	Dr. Early and his staff (casting room, doctor assistants, etc...) that actually assist with your pre and post surgery are amazing. They are all very knowledgeable and friendly and made me feel at ease. His office staff is another story. The African American girl at the front desk is rude beyond belief. The ladies in billing charged me for my visit plus another patients cast because they couldn't differentiate two different files with two different patient names. Dealing with getting my FMLA paperwork and doctor release from the office staff was a nightmare as well. I have never been to a doctors office with a ruder front office staff but the people who actually deal with the breaks and surgery and recovery were wonderful. I don't know if I would ever go back though if I had to deal with the same rude office staff as I did the last four months though. First impressions start with the office staff and his is lacking some serious good customer service knowledge.  	1	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	I went to Dr. Early after another orthopedic surgeon kept trying to put my ankle together with pins, screws and plats.  I had shattered it in a fall.  I kept growing cysts on the metal so it was obvious that my body was rejecting this material, but the first doctor just kept removing the cysts and screws, one surgery at a time.  After about 4 surgeries with the first doctor, one of my clients recommended Dr. Early and he saved my ankle by putting in a replacement joint.  This was January, 2003, before very many doctors were even aware of this procedure.   He is a gem and a God-send! 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
74	-1	Dr. Early was LATE! By almost two hours. When he finally got to me, I was completely unimpressed. He was supposed to be a specialist too. I did not go back. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	Excellent doctor.  Very good interaction with patients.  His staff is super and efficient.  Made excellent suggestions for helping with my foot problem after surgery.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	Dr. Early is very professional and knows exactly what he's doing. I injured my ankle in 2006 and re-injured in 2007. In 2006, I went to a different doctor and was told it was fine... not true.... In 2007, Dr. Early said I needed surgery-- a year since the 1st injury. He sees both adults, children and older people. You do have to wait a bit, but its all worth it!!!!!! He's EXCELLENT!!!! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	0	I started to see Dr. Edwards 8 years ago now and really no problems except for the $20 raise in cost over the 4 years I was out of state. 	5	5	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	My family has seen Dr. Edwards for almost 10 years.  We have always found him to be very attentive to our needs. We have almost always been able to get in to be seen on the same day we call, which I think is great because he has a very busy office. Also, I might add, that he is one of the most punctual doctors I have seen, I usually wait only a few minutes from the time I arrive.  My husband recently had a check up with Dr. Edwards and he was impressed that Dr. Edwards called him personally the next morning to tell him about his lab tests.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
75	-1	Go somewhere different.   This  doctor has a terrible bedside manner.  Everthing prevoius poster stated is right on.  My family has been with this  Dr. for seven years.  Mostly because we were slow to switch.  He is arguementative.  Told me that I didn't feel like I was describing and that I didn'thave the fever that I had.  He told my husband he would not advise getting off his asthma medicine when he hasn't had an attack in 12 years.  The doctor said the only way to get off of the mendicine is to try to stop taking it, but would not advise my husband on how to do this safely. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
75	-1	I have to say that Edwards DOES keep his appointments on time. I have appreciated this but after several years, I think I should find a better doctor. Primary interest seems to be in generating revenue. He does not seem to have any personal interest in patients, at least myself. Big hurry to provide minimum service of current complaint. He seems to generally ignorant of side effects of drugs he prescribes. I have the impression that he over prescribes antibiotics. When I was diagnosed with a viral infection, he offered to give antibiotics. When asked why he would give antibiotics for a viral infection, he replied that patients usually wanted to given something. Huh&#63; Several times when asked for help with problems that a general practice should handle, he wanted to refer to other doctors, which didn't inspire much confidence. Lastly, his is sarcastic and comes off as being arrogant. This may be a common sin with MDs but I don't need the abuse.  	3	5	3	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
75	1	. about average, which is actually superior these days 	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:Medicare
76	1	I came down with an extemely rare disease, and he saved my life.  Awesome guy.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
77	0	Had liposuction. One side of my body had more done than the other.  He has a horrible bedside manner and his consultations are not helpful.  Somewhat happy with the results but hate that one side of my body has a little more fat than the other.  Scars were very minimal to none.  Oh, and I felt them cutting me when he first started - horrible! 	5	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
78	-1	requires large upfront cost, slow to bill insurance, does not explain what is covered and what is not, SLOW to issue refund.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
79	1	Dr. Eberhart is fantastic! I've been having hormone imbalance issues for years, but my endocrinologist dismissed them because my blood tests came back &quot;normal&quot;.  I went to Dr. Eberhart, who saw all of the same test results, but she is LISTENING to my symptoms and still feels it's hormonal. I know she'll continue to work with me to try to help me feel better.   I highly recommend her!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
80	1	Dr. Ehrlich is the best, I agree with her rank on this site.  Her staff is a nightmare.  As my employer changed insurance plans almost yearly, I was sometimes able to see Dr. E, sometimes not.  If it was major and I could self pay, I did.  I was on and off for a while because of my financial situation.  Her Holy Appointment Lady accused me of &quot;doctor hopping&quot; and would not allow me to make an appointment.  I left messages, who knows what happened to them.  It is so sad that she cannot staff her office with people as kind as herself.  (The 3 on punctuality isn't a bad thing if you're the one who needed more time.) 	1	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	I completely disagree! Dr. Lisa is one of the best listeners and treatment professionals that I have encountered. Yes, I may have waited, but its worth it. She treats you like a person and not just a symptom.  One may only wait because she cares and takes time out to actually talk to each person. Also, I have been to other drs. and she is the one to properly diagnose on the first time and not waste your money on other meds. If you can become a patient you are lucky :) love you Dr. Lisa 	3	2	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	Dr. Ehrlich is the Best!!!!    So sad that she is unable to hire a competant staff.   I will still go to her anyway because she is so good.  Hopefully, she will see these posts and get a really good staff. 	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	dr. Ehrlich is wonderful.  So unfortunate that she has such a bad staff. 	1	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	Dr. Ehrlich is such a wonderful doctor!!!  So sad that she is unable to find good staff.  	1	4	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
80	1	Dr. Ehrlich is wonderful but her staff is abysmal.  Unfriendly.  Unprofessional.  Uncaring.  Uneducated. Totally out of line from what you expect from such a good dr. She is completely unavailable except through her staff - your message will never get through to her. Great for routine care, not for people with any issues whatsoever, staff is not qualified to answer your questions and not motivated enough to seek the answer. Shocking difference between doctor and staff people, unfortunately you see the dr. once and then are stuck in the vortex of staff incompetence for hours if you have a problem.  Very frustrating and unnecessary - there are many qualified people out there looking for work in the medical field, I wish Dr. Ehrlich would hire at least one of them.  	1	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	. very helpful, really listens, very knowledgeable, the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	This is one great doctor.. My daughter-in-law recommedrd her and I was not disappointed... Now our whole family goes to Dr. Ehrlich. She is totally into listening and spending time when you are in the office.. No rushing in and out.. You get your questions answered and any concerns addressed..  A+ all the way.........  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	Love her! She doesn't take my insurance but I don't care. She's worth every penny. A fantastic listener who doesn't just thrown an antibiotic at you while shoving you out the door. She really wants to know what's going on -- including your wellness, weight, mental stuff (stress / depression.) She actually practices primary care, which is rare these days. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	Dr. Ehrlich and her staff are friendly, gentle and knowledgable and I'm so happy to have her as my physician! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	She is fabulous. She takes time with every patient and shares stories about her children and family. By far the most personal doctor I've ever met. She is also very through and knowledgeable about the latest antibiotics, tests, studies, etc. Both my husband and I see her.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	Excellent doctor who gives undivided attention to patients. I've been a patient for at least ten years and I'm very happy with her.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	Excellent doctor, takes plenty of time with each patient, lots of common sense, friendly.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	I agree with all of the above. She is a wonderfully gifted and compassionate professional. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	The most helpful, considerate and fantastic person - she takes time and makes you feel you are the most important person at that moment she is with you. I have never seen an Internist take as much time and be as thorough as Dr.  Ehrlich!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	Dr. Ehrlich is magnificent! She is among the finest, most helpful doctors I have ever met. She makes you feel extremely comfortable, and conveys genuine concern. Appointments are easy to get. Her staff is wonderful. I have recommended her to my closest friends and family members, and trust her completely with their care.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	dr. e is the best!!! i've seen her for years. she is always right on w/ the diagnosis--probably b/c she is very bright & really listens. she considers lifestyle issues (convenience, travel, ability to pay) before prescribing drugs, which makes me feel like an individual, not a disease. staff is kind & responds quickly to inquiries.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unicare
80	1	Dr. Ehrlich is the 1st dr. I've had who sits down and talks to her patients. I don't feel like I'm in an assembly line, as with most other Houston Drs. I spent sev. years finding somebody as caring, and fastidious as Dr. Ehrlich. Her office is clean and friendly, and patients happy.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	Dr. Edwards is thorough, caring, and very knowledgeable and the first medical doctor I've ever known who favors holistic medicine first prior to trying pharmaceuticals. The 4 rating for punctuality is because he spends so much time with his patients that others sometimes have to wait a while to see him. Mind, body, and spirit are all equally important  in this practice.  Dr. Edwards' in-office N.D. (Dr. Terri Beim) is exceptional as well.  Several long-term health issues have been diagnosed, treated, and resolved in the 3 years I've been seeing him and in the 6 years I've been seeing her. I recommend both highly.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	I was misdiagnosed by an endrocrinologist, as she was not up on the latest thyroid testing that has  been used for about 10 years now.  (Not the standard TSH, but the &quot;Free T3 &amp; Free T4.&quot;) Dr. E. said he would retest my thyroid, as he suspected it was the problem, and it was.  I had my life back &amp; lost the nearly 50 lbs. I gained.  I no longer had to starve myself to keep an add'l 10 lbs off.  I had been cutting out fruit &amp; a lot of carbs, was down to 700 to 900 calories a day &amp; was starving when I found Dr. Edwards thru ACAM.org.  I never had a weight problem &amp; was called a tall stringbean, so when I gained all that weight for no apparent reason, it was so puzzling.  Thank God Dr. Edwards is a cutting edge doc! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	-1	$2000 later, nothing has changed.  I saw Dr. Moore at the clinic of Dr. Edwards so they are affiliated.  When I called, the receptionist asked if I had a hormone problem.  I find this extremely unprofessional, for the secretary to ask someone to diagnose themselves.  Furthermore, I couldn't afford this saliva test they wanted me to take since I'd already spent about $1500 in 2 weeks (I'm a student), and the guy was completely uncompromising, pretending the financial issues didn't exist and berating me for not getting the test that I said I couldn't afford.  Soo, apparently if you are not super rich you get treated poorly and they don't want you there.  Also, they never really fixed my problems.  They told me I was allergic to peanuts, which I'm not.  I have since figured out my issues for myself via internet research and contemplation, and honestly I've helped myself much more than they did.  	 7/19/10	1	5	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	Dr Edwards has helped me considerably with hormonal issues.  I have also elected to take chelation therapy to remove toxic heavy metals from my body.  I have been feeling better since taking this therapy.  Dr Edwards I believe is an excellant Christian doctor.  I am glad I found him and appreciate the medical advice and treatment he has given me.  His associates and staff are second to none.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
81	1	I have been abused by the &quot;general MD population&quot; (and the scams we used to call health insurance) for decades, but there have been a few that earned my respect and gratitude. That was before I found this doctor. This man has EXPERIENCE and RESULTS superior to and beyond my wildest imaginings. I now am excited about living my life since he and his organization have restored my health. Their approach is truly holistic. He cares about your soul. He has proven my suspicions, confirmed problems, and delivered complete solutions. I am in awe that everything without exception they gave me or guided me to do has worked. This is tested against a very harsh standard or contrarianism where I expect the results to prove themselves. With this office I have had both experiences of using UHC and now being uninsured, and the ONLY issue that has turned up in about ten months of visits is incompetence from UHC. If you want to feel good and feel good about life, you should consider Dr. Edwards 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	I was so thrilled to finally find a doctor that would really listen to me. Not spend five minutes with me and then rush out the door. Dr. Edwards was very warm and caring and spent a lot of time on my visit. He knew exactly what I needed and for the first time in years I'm feeling like a normal human again. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	-1	I don't recommend this doctor. Don't want to go into details, but he wanted to do tests that were obviously unrelated to my condition. When I called him on it he was defensive, and could give no reasonable explanation. Don't waste your money or time with this one.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	I generally do not like doctors. However, Dr. Edwards is definitely the exception. He is kind, knowledgeable, compassionate and actually LISTENS to what you have to say. He spends at least 20 minutes with me at every office visit, versus the usual two minute poke-and-prod you get from most other doctors. He combines medical and alternative treatments to come up with the healthiest treatments for the body. He has a mind-body approach that is very effective. I find him to be very forward-thinking and he is an excellent physician. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	0	I called to schedule an appointment to see Dr. Eidem and the only day he had a available was June 18 @ 3:15pm which was great because Ihad anotherappointment @ 2pm with another doctor on the sameday,in the same building.I checkedin withmy doctor on the 2nd floor I knew the wait was gonna be longerthan 15mins so I went to Dr. Eidem's officeto fill outthe new patience paper work. The receptionistwas polite she gave methe clipboard and allowed me to takeit withme back tomy other appointment. My apointment lasted longer thanI expectedso I called and left a voicemail for &quot;STACEY&quot; to reschedule myappointment. After my appointment was overI went to Dr.Ediem's office to return my paperwork, clipboard, and to rescheduleI gave it to the lady at the front desk, she got up and told &quot;STACEY&quot; I wanted toreschedule my appointment. Stacey replied in a VERY RUDE AND UNPROFESSIONAL MANNER.&quot;SHE JUST CALLED HERE @ 3 SHE DIDNT EVEN GIVE ME TIME TO CALL HER BACK, I MEAN SHE JUST CALLED DANG. At that point. 	1	5	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	Dr Eidem is personable and easy to talk to.  He strove to put me at ease and was very informative.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
82	1	i found him via the internet. young family guy.  staff was not so friendly, but his was. after a colonoscopy with biopsies, he found my problem, lymphocytic colitis. it was corrected with a $10 generic script.  i think i had had this condition for years, was misdiagnosed by other gastroenterologists.  he performed a detailed colonoscopy with biopsies that really made the difference.  my life is now normal thanks to him.  i highly recommend him.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	Wonderful doctor!  Very kind while being very thorough - communicates well and explains everything in a patient and caring manner.  I would highly recommend this doctor (and his staff).  Best physician I've ever seen and I'm in my mid-fifties.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
82	1	Excellent customer service from Dr Eidem and his staff, very uncommon in my experiences with medical personnel.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
82	1	 	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	Dr. Eccles is the best dentist I have ever been to.  He truly cares about his patients, is very honest, and works with the patient's best interest at heart.  I was so bummed when I had to move from Houston because Dr.  Eccles is excellent!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	. HEES SOW AWSUM!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Scott & White
85	1	Dr Edwards and his staff were wonderful to me the very first time I came into the office. They ate very nice and helpful.  I now go there for my check up every 6 months. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	I told this Dr.that my insurance would soon expire and an appt. was made immediately for a checkup. He told me I had a chipped filling &amp; it needed to be replaced which he did. I told him when he finished that it did not feel right.He smoothed it out a bit but I told him again that the fit was not right.He assured me that it was. That night I experienced pain &amp; since Dr. was out of town(he has no one to cover for him) I went to ER room(4:30 AM) where a RX for pain &amp; infection was given.I called Dr. the next day as I was still in pain. He drove back to Houston (a short distance; this was the $100 charge)and referred me to a periodontist who found that surgery was needed to correct the problem. I feel that had the initial treatment been performed correctly (if it was actually necessary)I could have avoided the pain and anguish from his treatment as well as the surgery to correct the problem whih resulted in more pain and discomfort. I will not return to Dr. Edwards.  	2	5	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
85	-1	This dentist had to redo everything he did the first time because he forgot to pack my filling.  Then he didn't numb the area enough and now I have constant pain.  	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Coventry
86	1	Dr. Eidman is the most honest and the most knowledgeable Orthopedic Surgeon I have ever met. He cares about the patient's perspective. Dr. Eidman is a great listener and takes the time to explain so I can understand.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	I recommend Dr.Ediman to anyone that needs Orthopedic Surgery. He is very helpful and he explains everything to where you can understanding the medical terminology. He insist on helping with whatever he can help you with...Keep up the good work Dr.  Dan         AT 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
86	1	. very good and caring doctor will remember your family name that was there when you went into sugery will make sure you understand what you need to do and will always say we instead of you letting you know were are in this together not you by yourself 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
86	1	Excellant physician and nice man. Very kind and patient. Doesn't treat you like you are just a number.  	 12/4/08	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
87	1	Dr. Eisemann did my rhinoplasty procedure and he did an exceptional job. He was very reassuring and really put me at ease about having it done. The results are a 100% improvement. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	This Dr does terrible work.The medical board should be looking at this guy.He charges excessively for every thing also over what he quotes.I really dont think he cares if he messes up he just ignores the obvious. 	 11/8/10	1	2	1	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	Very Rude and uncaring doctor and staff also. Changed my appt. without consulting me. Waited 2.5 hours for appt. for a 10 minute consult. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	Very rude, doesn't care about the patient at all.  Would not recommend this doctor! 	1	2	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	-1	Creepy Man, I asked him questions and he looked nervous, he said all his patients have not complained...I instanstly felt he was trying to convince me of this because he stuttered when he said it. I came home to find reviews on him since I was dissapointed with the consultation and now I know he will not be the one I choose. I should've looked him up before going into the consultation I would have saved myself $60.00. He was not informative, very quiet, nervous, and rushed in and rushed out. Consultation lasted about 15mins total. Did not show me before &amp; after pictures of other patients as it says on website! That was very odd! I recommend you look elsewhere and if you don't believe me please go to the consultation and learn for yourself how creepy he is and how nervous and quiet he is and how he only stays for 15mins with you. Very dissapointed and I feel dumb now for not doing research on this guy before going in to my consultation!His staff the nurses were great but he was strange! 	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	DO NOT USE THIS DOCTOR! He is HORRIBLE! I've seen him dozens of times and sat in his waiting room no less than 45 min each time, and the max of FOUR HOURS! Absolutely no bedside manners, he's cold hearted and pushy. He disfigured me, I have to have reconstructive surgery to fix his mistake...  I'm not going to go into what happened, because if I mention it, it obviously leads to my identity. Just don't use him. Save yourself the heartache and pain.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
87	1	Im actually shocked at the other responses. I had a consultation with him about rhinoplasty and the only thing that i didnt like was the 1 hour wait. Other than that he answered every question I asked even about 2 lawsuits (that were dismissed) that I'd printed up and brought with me. And yes, he did try to leave at the end without me asking a few more of my questions but I said &quot;Are you leaving&#63;&#63;&quot; He said &quot;yes&quot; and I replied &quot;No you cant escape...I have more questions!&quot; He found humor in that and he came back and finished the consultation to my liking. And when I asked him if i could watch a surgery live, he said no because of insurance purposes, but he even found me a dvd of an actual rhinoplasty surgery and let me watch it in one of his offices. Maybe he has realized the error of his ways and is trying to be nicer to his patients. This happened on 1/8/09. 	5	1	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
87	0	terrible, do NOT let him touch your nose, even does a poor job with botox 	5	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	Michael Eisemann has a serious problem that he does not care about his patients. He did nasal surgery(Bad) and he had me dripping nasal fluid for 4 weeks until I complain he then I was taken from his office to ICU. I was there for 5 days with in sevral IV's taking high doses of antibiotics and a stint in my back draining the fluid to ease the pressure off my nose so it could heal. Over all I was in the hospital for 9 days. He did never apoligise that he had misdiagnose my nose dripping. I think the medical board should take his liscense away.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
87	-1	My daughter had breast augmentation and a tummy tuck. She was in great health before having the surgery. Two days after surgery, she returned to the emergency room. She had a total of 8 pints of blood, kidney failure, on a ventilator for a week, pneumonia, etc. She almost lost her life. Dr. E tried to blame everything on something else and never took blame for anything. He had to do a second surgery to remove coagulated blood. He is the most cold, insensitive doctor I have ever come across. Please, please, if you still are considering this type of surgery do not use Dr. E. 		2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
87	0	I agree with all the comments made - he doesn't have much of a personality and really doesn't do much of an exam. His nurses mostly do the work - I have had the surgery but his pain management program that he kept me in the hospital for 23 hours was not what I expected. Since I am allergic to most narcotics and stayed over since the only thing I can take is Morphine my pain management consisted of plain tylenol and benedryl.I had to plead with the nurses to call the floor supervisor for some assistance. After a couple of hours morphine IM was ordered. Thank God. I asked him to do frozen sections on the areas of the breast that the mammogram showed as suspicious but was told he didn't do that. He does not listen to his patients or their requests or concerns - I do hope the surgery that he did turns out okay. Will keep my fingers crossed.  		1	2	3 	Insurance:Pacificare
87	-1	He never answered any questions and was in a hurry . I chose to look elsewhere for another doctor that I feel more comfortable doing my surgery. This doctor I would not recomend . 		2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	I pay for a consultation to have the dr. run in, look at me, mumble a few things and run out. I wait for him to come back but the nurses say he is busy. I had several questions to ask and I told him but he was irritable. He was just too busy with no courtesy so I am taking my business somewhere else!! 		2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
87	0	I am happy my surgery is complete. I chose DR Eisemann because he was rated a top doc in Houston. I was told my consultation would be about an hour, so I figured I would get all my questions answered. But they weren't. I agree with the other review. He is very abrupt. I felt I was an annoyance, yet I am paying for HIS services. Even the day of surgery, he came in, was very cold and unfriendly. I have had to write my questions down because, he comes in the exam room like a hurricane and before I know it, he's left and I still have unanswered questions. It is almost as if he's been doing this so long that he's become numb to the craft he does. If that's the case, take some time off and come back rejuvenated. If for nothing else, to gain the courtesy and respect for your patients that you sorely lack. 		1	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	HE REALLY DIDN'T ANSWER MY QUESTIONS AND I FEEL HE WAS ABRUPT AND IN A HURRY TO GET OUT OF THE OFFICE . SINCE I NEED SURGERY I DECIDED TO KEEP LOOKING FOR ANOTHER DOCTOR THAT I FELT MORE COMFORTABLE WITH 		3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Dr. Eckel is a great doctor.  My son loves him and so do we.  He makes the kids feel relaxed and talks to them on their level.  It helps that he has kids of his own.  We have been going to him for about 7 years and have always been pleased.  His staff is also very friendly.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
88	1	We think Dr. Eckel is the BEST! He's attentive to both parents and kids. He answers all our questions and gives wonderful advice to athletes, asthmatics and everything in between. It helps that he has kids of his own too, so he can relate personally and profesionally to our concerns. My kids do not mind going to the doctor at all and I don't mind taking them either because it's easy in and easy out.  I'm sure glad we found Dr. Eckel.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
89	1	Excellent doctor, Very friendly and attentive. My childrens have been going to Dr Lewis for over 10 years.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
90	1	Dr. Eichelberger is very caring about each patient.  He takes the time to sit with you to find out what is going on with you and your life along with finding out specifics about any changes in your health or life changes that might have an effect on your health.   He is the best physician! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
90	1	Perceptive quality-of-life physician. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Dr. Ebling was recommended as a top practitioner for Keratoconus. I'm convinced that is quite valid. He purports to treat many dozens each month. He purports to give lectures to peers on Keratoconus treatment. He purports to have a great deal of data and experience on many brands of contact lenses, allowing him to diagnose the most effective and problem free. I have found him to be highly effective in each of these regards. I have been unable to match his level of specific knowledge and effectiveness (with Keratoconus) in the Dallas area - so much so that I annually travel from Dallas to Houston and burn a day of vacation solely for his care (that's how significant I consider his care to be). Additional notes: his daughter Karen is also in the same practice. This is a standard office with staff for scheduling and insurance utilization. All pleasant and professional. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	the worst dentist ever! He did a root canal on back molar. The entire time I was saying it still hurt and after he finished he said it must be the tooth next to it! So he had to do a root canal on the other one. My face swelled to twice it's size. I called him on his emergency line and he never called back. I'm still having pain 9 months later. DO NOT go there!! 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	Good doctor. He spent time with me and gave me good care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
93	1	 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	-1	He is always late for the appointments.  Since he is from the old school of medicine, he does not keep up with the recent and modern medicine.  While he may have good intentions in treating patients, he takes more patients than he can handle.  Therefore, his does not spent enough time with each patient accordingly.  His office staff are rude and rushing everything.  	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	-1	My child has been patient of Dr. Eisner's for approx. 7 years. I finally decided to find another pediatrician.  My reasons- while at appt.'s the Dr. will ask me (mom) what antibiotic I think will work&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63; That's why we are here, for her knowledge! Dr. Eisner's yearly exams are poor. Has never been thourough. Her staff is the most unprofessional group. Several years ago I referred a family to this practice, they went once and told me they would not go back. They were unhappy with Dr. Eisner's entire office experience.  They felt everyone was rude and the Dr. was &quot;stand-offish&quot; to their children. I would NOT reccomend Dr. Eisner.  So mant great pediatricians in the Houston area, no reason to go here.  	2	4	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	-1	I will never forget the day she ran out on me when I told her the meds she was giving me made me feel suicidal. She ran out and through her thin walls I learned she cared more about liability than helping me. I've known her a long time and the other reviews really don't fit. Not the first doc to doctor reviews. 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	I've been seeing Dr. Edwards since the 1980s ... she has helped me through some difficult times with true compassion.  I echo everyone else's comments on how much she cares about her patients and just how funny she is.  Her staff is great as well.  I drive 30 miles to see her, from NW Houston to Katy.  She is worth it...  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
96	1	Dr. Edwards is great!  I wondered about having a female physician (being male), but she is the most attentive Dr. who takes time to talk to you and is interested in you as a person and a patient.   Besides, she has a great sense of humor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
96	1	She's been my doc for years! Love her!  She never rushes and is always caring.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	She has been my doctor since 1983, great bedside manor and really takes time to listen. asks good questions! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	WE LOVE DR. EDWARDS! I have gone to her for all my years living there and now that I moved away, I miss her! I have referred my teachers, friends and acquaintances to her. She is a wonderfuly person and an excellent doctor. We miss her dearly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
96	1	On my first physical with her, she did a kidney function test, which I had never had done, and discovered that I actually have chronic kidney failure. Recommended several specialists. Another time, she caught a cardiac irregularity from a routine EKG and immediately sent the results to my cardiologist and talked to him before letting me leave the office.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
96	1	Dr. Edwards is great.  She's funny and knowledgable.  Makes for a fun and helpful appointment.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	This doctor is amazing!  I see her and I like her.  But what really amazed me was how great she was with my teenage daughter. My daughter hates Dr. appts. and went with a very bad attitude.  Soon after Dr. Edwards came in she had her smiling and by the end she was actually laughing.   Amazing! 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	Dr. Edwards is not only a wonderful doctor, but one of the nicest people you'll ever meet. She comes across as a PERSON, not some know-it-all like other doctors. She truly listens and cares about her patients. She has helped my family through a horrible illness my son had, and I don't know where I'd be without her. She has a sort of wicked sense of humor, making it almost fun to go to the doctor's office, which is rare.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
96	1	She was nice and very thorough.  Never a long wait and takes care of things efficiently.  Never feel rushed.  	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	Very thorough doctor. Great personality!! Was very concerned about my problems and helped assure me that it was nothing, did all the blood workup. Loved her .... great great doctor!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	Dr. Edwards gives great family practitioner service.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	I've known her longer than I've known my husband which is over 26 years. She doesn't try to &quot;guess&quot; what's wrong with me. She found my thyroid tumors and she sent me to my neurologist when she suspected I had MS. I admit to being a hypocondriac (&#63;) but she never makes me feel stupid. She is funny and friendly. I like her a lot.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	We LOVE Dr Edwards! She is thorough and has a sense of humor... doesnt make us feel as if we are cattle being herded through her office! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
97	1	Very supportive.  NOT scary.  Caring, calm, extremely dedicated.  Fabulously smart, has lots of experience.  Very patient, never in a hurry to rush you along.  Such a kind person as well as a superb doctor.   HIghly recommend! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	Dr.  Eisen is superb, I've been going to him a number of years now and he always, I mean always makes time to listen to his patients; you don't see the &quot;cattle car mentality&quot; at his office; a true, genuine caring Doctor we need more of in today's world! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	I agree with everything the above contributor had to say.  He most definitely IS a fantastic dr. with all of those wonderful attributes.  It's always nice when the drs. staff is great, too.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
97	1	Greatest cardiologist in the metroplex! Has stented me many times.  Has great &quot;bed side&quot; manner, willing to answer questions and is very kind and caring.  Staff is also very kind and caring.  I would trust my own children, mother, husband, etc., to Dr.  Eisen! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
98	1	dr edwards was very pleasant with positive energy 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	Very knowledegable, took time to answer all my questions, I didn't feel rushed and I felt like he really cared about me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	1	Although my condition is rare, he keeps abreast of developments and has always been an excellent doctor.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
99	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
