dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	I saw Dr.Valenza for an in-grown toe nail. He explained the removal procedure and answered all of my questions first. The procedure itself went very smoothly - he numbed the area first so that I didn't feel anything, then he did the removal &amp; applied the medications. He did everything with smooth precision, was very thorough, and the whole procedure lasted only 20 mins. Compared to another Podiatrist I saw years ago, this one was 100x more skilled and knowledgeable. I am glad I found this doctor and highly recommend him.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
2	1	I have been with Dr. Van Dell since he came out of his residency.  He is a very good doc.  I would'nt see anyone else. 	5	5	5	2 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Dr. Vainstein has been my dr. for 9 years. I moved from Houston, to San Francisco and then later moved to New York and still use him as my dentist. He's so professional and curtious. I have flown in to Houston several times from San Francisco and New York just to see him for my checkups etc. My family is from Louisiana and they as well drive to Houston just to get work done on their teeth as well. We're very pleased with his work and his staff.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	He was very helpful. He was flexible with payment plan especially since i dont have insurance. he really cares about his patients. he treats them with respect. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	 		2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	I hadn't been to the dentist in years so I was extremely nervous. The staff and Dr. V were gentle, kind and unjudging. I felt right at home as soon as I came through the door. The environment is relaxed and the staff seems to like their jobs.                          I've since taken my husband and he feels the same. This will be our dentist for years to come.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
6	1	I've been going to dr. Guy for 4 years now I have had nothing but great experiences with him and his staff. I've never had a long wait, and i feel so comfortable in this office.I now live 45 minutes away and refuse to use anyone else. This is best doctor and staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
6	-1	I had a terrible experience here and actually switched doctors 5 months into my   pregnancy. they are completely chaotic, disorganized, rude, and treat you as if you are unimportant and just a dollar bill sign. They didnt even have the decency to fax my records to my new doctor after numerous attempts to get them to do it. They got an infection wrong and put me on 5 different rounds of antibiotics. I would not use them! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Dr. Van Dell is extremely knowledgeable, very personable, expresses genuine concern for his patients; he really goes the 'extra mile' when it comes to prenatal care.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
6	1	he is the best doctor.he is very helpful &amp; knowledgeble.the staff are very friendly people. absolutely love their service.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
6	0	Dr. Dell was my obgyn all throughout my pregnancy, but for the delivery of my child I used a midwife.  Six months after the delivery I developed a lump in one of my breasts and He refused to give me an appointment and his staff treated me very unprofessionally over the phone.  They reason that because I did not have the delivery with him that I should not seek their help.  I wouldn't recommend this obgyn. 	1	3	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	The only complaint I have is that my insurance wouldn't pay a single penny for anything to do with having my daughter. Entirely to insurance company's fault, the office helped me pay on installment plans, and they had excellent service and Dr. Van Dell delivered my daughter, and I have to say he made it alot better than I thought it would be.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
7	1	Excellent doctor...kind, knowledgeable and positive. She can be a little stubborn but is considerate and will listen.  I recommend her! 	5	2	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Vanbiber's since he started at Hillcroft Medical Clinic. My parents were also his patients and my husband now sees him. He has always been available to us at any time and very prompt at returning our calls. We now live in Katy and still drive in to see him when we need to see a doctor. His nursing staff is also great. We really love Dixie, who has been with the practice a very long time. I would not hesitate recommending him to any one as their family doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
8	-1	Dr. Vanbiber is a complete jerk. Seriously! My husband was a patient for 2 yrs and had horrible repoire with him. He felt patronized and not listened to. The straw that broke the camel's back was when he left several unreturned messages for the doctor and then received a very curt, unapologetic message from a nurse after 8 hours. He ASked to have Dr. VB call, and he still never received a follow up call! It's all about the billing at Hillcroft Medical, no phone calls or warm bedside manner..its all about the $$! Needless to say, we never went back to him and I was completely unimpressed.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	Very good doctor. Very helpful. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	. Excellent; always responsive!!  Cares about patient!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
9	0	Dr. Vagala's staff was very slow with responses to requests.  Perscriptions sent to wrong Pharmacy.  Wrong doses on perscriptions provided. When these issues were bought to the doctor and staffs attention they retaliated by dropping the patients.  Very unprofessional response.  Would not reccomend.  	1	3	2	3 	Insurance:GHI
9	1	Dr. Vangala has been my dr. for about 12 years.  I have had multiple medical issues during that time and she has always been very knowledgeable and helpful in all regards.  I would never consider going to another dr.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
10	0	Worst staff ever! Staff not only do not greet you but make you feel as if you have done the worst thing in the world. Do not recommend this place to anyone at all. 	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	she has taken excellent care of me, referrals for back doctor and helping with diet and cholesterol.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
10	1	 	2	1	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	The visit turned out to be a red herring, but both Vaughan and his staff were first rate.  Thorough, good communication.  First rate. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Tummy tuck procedure scheduled for May 2012. Previously saw his work on someone I know. Person looks great. Will update after surgery.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	very happy with Dr. Varon will be having a tummy tuck in a week; very nice staff; he spends time with you and answers all questions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	He does more Tummy Tucks that anybody un the country and with the best results 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	Never on time, poor work ethic and very poor knowledge. I had to have my crown done twice and it's huring again. 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	I would not go back to this office again. Office staff is generally rude and not the kind of people who should be in customer service. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	I like Dr. Vargas but his office staff is the reason I am looking elsewhere.  They are rude, incompetent, and just an overall pain to deal with.  They also appear to be understaffed, so I'm sure that isn't helping.  	1	2	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
14	0	INCOMPETENT OFFICE STAFF! The doctor is great, unfortunately, his staff is so horrible, I had to switch doctors. As an established patient, calling in, I was put on hold without being checked on for over 5 mins! When I arrived, the PT clerk who is also the biller, who is also the receptionist, informed me that although he takes my insurance, I still have to sign my life away and provide her with my credit card as policy. Her sneering and know it all attitude was rude and unprofessional! 	1	2	4	2 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Awesome doctor, great staff!  I didn't wait long at all and the office was easy to get to.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
15	1	I have been seeing Dr. Vasquez and his staff for over 10 years. He has been our family doctor and my specialist. The staff are always friendly and helpful. Dr. Vasquez is the only Dr. I have ever seen that actually treats his patients like he truly cares about them and their well being. He always great me with a friendly smile and he takes the time to listen to me and my needs. He has a wonderful bedside manner and is exceptional at making and maintaining eye contact. I highly recommend him and his staff every time I can. I have driven over 30 miles when living in the suburbs to see Dr. Vasquez rather than have to find another Dr. I will continue to use Dr. Vasquez for a long time to come.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
15	1	The nicest man on the planet. Knowlegeable, and listens! Even replies quickly to emails.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
15	1	Excellent doc.  Good bedside manner.  Shows a sincere interest in patients and preventative care.  Staff is efficient and caring.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Dr. Van Wingerden is an amazingly knowledgeable doctor.  I have relied upon her advice for over 18 years.  I chose her after a miscarriage and a lack of patience and compassion from male doctors (not from her practice.)  She is the mother of five and truly understands a woman's situation through all phases of life.  She is highly trained and the type of person who is actively involved in updating her own level of knowledge.  She is smart, quick and confident.  She is also a good listener and takes the time to understand each patient's needs.  Because of this, you could wait longer than average to see her.  But when it's your turn, it's worth it. 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	Unhappy client. dr. gail van wingerden only interest in her client's is signing her name on a document and getting paid. 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	Never chose this doctor. She wanted money only. Can you believe&#63; She told me condom protection rate is only around 60% only. Therefore, she strongly suggested me buy expensive stuff. I refused, then, she showed me her face.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	He spends enough time with me, each time I see him. He explained all the treatment options, benefits and risks of each one of them. He is very knowledgeable and courteous.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	. VERY HELPFUL WITH MY CONDITION ANDMAKING SURE THAT I GET MY MEDICINES EVEN WHEN I AM NOT AT THE CLINIC 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
19	1	I really like Dr V....she make feel real comfortable and she is very knowledgable. I will recommend her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
19	0	Dr. Vasudevan is an OK doctor, not great.  Her tardiness is a definite detractor.  	4	1	3	3 	Insurance:Aetna
20	1	Dr. Aimee is the best! She truly listens to parents (and children) and never once have I felt like she has rushed us to get the next patient.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	I love Dr. Aimee.  We moved out of state, but saw her for nearly four years.  She took excellent care of my three children, and was very friendly and nice to work with.  My son had some wheezing/breathing issues and she called me twice in the evenings after seeing him during the day to check on him.  She is cautious and thoughtful, and I felt like her diagnoses were right on.  Office staff is also friendly, remembered my name, etc.  We miss her and wish I could find someone so good in Virginia.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
20	1	Dr. Aimee takes the time to listen to what my girls have to say. She is very professional, knowledgeable & patient. We moved away from the area almost 2yrs ago & we still drive an hour to see the doctor. She is that good! Once we had an insurance issue & the office staff went out of their way in helping us get the matter resolved, instead of billing us & leaving the issue for us to handle.  What a great team! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
20	1	Dr. Aimee is the best pediatrician I have found for my two young boys.  They actually like going to see her...I think because she always makes sure to address them first, before she asks me what's going on...and they respond to that.  She is very knowledgeable and will take as much time with you to answer all of your questions.  I never feel like she is rushing us out of the room.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
20	1	She is a great doctor and my kids love her.  She goes out of her way to help with insurance issues which most doctors don't do.  I would highly recommend her to any parent. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Very knowledgeable and efficient.  Knows what he is doing.   Expects you to adhere to his advice! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	-1	This doctor might be knowledgeable but he is the WORST doctor that I have seen and I have been to over 20 different doctors in over 10 years of suffering with paraplegia and chronic siatic pain. I have never went on a site and rated any of the doctors I have seen but the poor service this doctor provided compelled me to rate him. My first visit was horrible, without actually knowing my situation he began to tell me what he was going to do. He takes me off, my pain medication which I have been on for over 8 years without as much as &quot;sir what are you on&quot;. Then the medication he puts me on needs pre-authorization from my insurance and it takes his staff two whole weeks to get the denial. So I had to go without medication for two weeks when I suffer from chronic siatic back pain all day everyday. I had to take off work. Now mind you I explained all this to the doctor but all he did was give me excuses and &quot;sir I know what I am doing&quot;. Anyway, DO NOT GO TO THIS DOC!WARNING,WARNING, WARNING.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Dr Vallery is great!  She is always very friendly and makes me feel at ease. She takes time to answer my questions and always seems interested in my care.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
23	1	Dr. Vallery is fantastic.  She answers every question.  She listens intently.  She always treats me with respect.  She is very knowledgeable and willing to help.  I am so glad she is my doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Dr. Vallery is absolutely wonderful.  She is kind, caring and was willing to answer all of my (many) questions throughout my pregnancy.  I needed an emergency surgery due to a complication during my pregnancy.  She had no problem referring me to a specialist who had done more cases even though her surgical skills are considered “excellent” by people that work in the hospital.  I needed an emergency C-section and her judgment and skills are one of the reasons my son is here today.  I am extremely grateful to her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	great doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	GREAT PERSONALITY, GOOD COMMUNICATION SKILLS.  HE HAS A GREAT STAFF 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
25	1	I fave been going to Dr. V. for years and he is a great Family Doctor.  He is patient kind and never rushes you.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
25	1	He's great.  I had my regular yearly exam with him and he was very patient and listened to my concerns and didn't rush me out of the room.  He took his time with me.  His nurse (Alisha&#63;) was great.  She gave me her hand whenever she saw me in any discomfort (I'm sensitive) if I had any.  She took my blood test and I never bruised and she was very patient and kind as well.  My friend recommended him to me since she and her mother have been with him for several years.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	-1	He uped my dosages of Oxycontin. When I allmost died from getting off Oxy. He did not want me taking up the his time and dropped me. This leaves more time for oxy patiants. He dosent get kickbacks on vicodin.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
26	1	Dr. Vargas is very knowledgeable and wanted to get to the root of my pain problem.  He's the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	Very patient-oriented.  Willing to keep trying treatments until patient happy/stable.  Berry pleasant personality, as is her office manager. 	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	I have been seeing Dr. Vache for over 2 years. She is excellent in monitoring meds and titrating meds. She is responsive to my needs and can quickly schedule an appt., if necessary. She is very calm in demeanor and a keen observer of subtle behavior. I hope she practices for a long, long time. Good psychiatrists are hard to find. I have been followed for bi-polar for over 20 years. I wouldn't want to give her up. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Knowledgable and gentle. I was unhappy when my last doctor retired because I liked him very much but it was easy to settle in with her.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
27	1	Very knowledgeable about medications and works to find the right combination for you.  Great for complex cases. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	I was referred to Dr Vache when my then-current doctor moved away.  Initially I was nervous because I don't deal well with new people, and I loved my current doctor.  But  Dr Vache was kind and warm.  She worked with me to adjust my medications when needed and seemed to know a lot about my issues and medications without having to reference my paperwork.  I could tell she'd familiarized herself with my files before we met, and I was immediately comfortable.  It's been a while since I've seen her, as I was able to move on without medication after a while.  But I would definitely recommend her to anyone needing help. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Great surgeon, but chronically late to both appointments in his office and surgery at hospital. He makes up for it with his good bedside manner, though! 	4	1	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	I had a menginoma removed and he is a blessing from heaven. I currently have a cavernous angimoma which he is going to take care of, I know that I am in the greates of hands 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	Horrible, horrible doctor!  Waited two weeks for test results, called the office 3 times before getting a return call that said I needed to schedule another appointment to speak with the doctor.  Would not recommend under any circumstances. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Had procedure to remove kidney stone. No blasting, very little pain. Dr. VanHorn did well.  	5	3	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	-1	Gave me Cipro the first time I saw him and it cause a problem with my hip.  The next time I saw him I told him that I did not want Cipro so he put me on Levaquin which is worse than Cipro. It started causing problems so he took me off of Levaquin with caused the infection to become resistant. The infection caused problems with my prostate that after 9 months I am still trying to get back to normal. If he would have just listened to me and put me on something different then I would have been fine. He does what he wants and ignores what the patient is telling him. Stay away from him and find a different doctor. I am seeing a great doctor in Plano which is a long drive for me, but well worth the drive. I am finally getting back to somewhat normal.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	-1	WORST DOCTOR THERE IS, HE SHOULLD BE WORKING IN A CAR WASH INSTEAD OF OPERATING ON PEOPLE. HE WAS LATE FOR THE OPERATION BY 2 1/2 HOURS, ALL APPOINTMENTS ARE FROM 45 MINUTES TO 2  HOURS WAITING TO SEE HIM. MY LAST VISIT HE TOLD ME HE WAS &quot;PERPLEXED&quot; ON MY CONDITION.MY ADVISE IS DO NOT GO THERE.  I WENT TO A DOCTOR IN NORTH DALLAS 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
31	-1	Wait time is terrible andthe patients waiting say it is a normal routine for him. Took over 2.5 hours just to get in from waiting room much less to see the doctor. Total time there was almost 4 hours. Doctor seemed nice but very irritated and rushed by all of the patients.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Workers Comp
31	1	He is wonderful, his staff is very cordial, but you can't get them to sent records required by insurance company. He is very thorough. 		2	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	great doctor!  se habla español!!!  he is very attentive and very detailed and concerned.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
33	-1	She acted like an agent of another doctor, did not refer to us to the doctor covered in our plan and tried to force us into another doctor saying it was covered. She was absolutely adamant that we go to that doctor. However when I checked up with my insurance company, it was not covered. I could have ended up paying a huge amount out of my pocket had I gone ahead with her recommendation.  		2	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
34	1	I've been going to him for 26 years. I think that speaks for itself.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
34	1	Excellent doctor! Excellent staff! I have used him for about ten year and have been very pleased. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	My family has been a patient of  Dr. Vadala for over 13 years. No Complaints 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	We will never go to Dr. Vadala again. He recently diagnosed our 16 month old daughter with allergies and she actually had a severe upper respitory infection.  She nearly had to be hospitalized because of it.  He is knowledgable to a point where he always thinks he is rigth, but in reality is not.  Our son also was mis-diagnosed with a common cold but when we took him to another doctor foucn out that he actually had Bronchitis.  We will never go to Dr. Vadala again!!! 	3	1	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	I have been taking my children to Dr Vadala for over 10 years. I have never met a doctor more dedicated to his patients. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Dr. Vadala is very knowledgable. We have been going to him for 10 years and he has always diagnosed my daughter correctly.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Aetna
34	1	. Awesome!  I love him!  His years of experience really shine!  I would highly recommend this doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
34	1	I have been with him for almost twenty years, he is caring and knows what he is doing. I highly recommend him. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Dr.Valdes is awesome however my only compliant is her office and billing staff. They constantly bill me incorrectly even after they receive information from my insurance company about my benefits. The office/nursing staff are young and have not yet learned any bedside manner. Dr. Valdes is knowledgeable and she cares but i could not deal with the incompetent staff.I had to follow up for 4 months for a $200.00 refund from the billing department since there is only one woman working in it and she doesnt know how to run the office. I only hoped Dr. Valdes would get better staff and i would gladly go back to her.  	1	2	4	4 	Insurance:Humana
36	1	Be aware of their hidden charge. I received a bill today. It's regarding a developmental questionaire during the visit. The insurance doesn't cover it. Be careful and make sure you ask them before you answered the questions.  	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
37	-1	This office was a joke. Waited 4 hours! Front desk was useless and pathetic.i was given so much misinformation and flat out lies. Dont waste ur time with this guy. Have him stay with the unconcious folks regarding anasthesia analgesics. If i ever see this guy out somewhere im going to knock some sense into him. Charged me 300 for a 10 minute consult. Noone knew how to fill out scripts in his office.  Crooks! 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Medicare
37	1	Dr. Vasquez takes a personal interest in his patients and is more than competent.  I enjoy that he does not just throw drugs at you to get you to go away but works to help rehabilitate you to better your life.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
37	-1	Dr Vasquez is very self centered and he doesnt appear to be too concerned with his patients well being.  I have reported him to the Texas Insurance Commission and to my Insurer.  I you are a person that has pain, avoid this individual.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Tricare
37	0	Just saw Dr Eduardo Vasquez Pain doctor in El Paso for my Mom. What a arrogant, self indulgent, pretentious ass he was.  Never again!   	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Medicare
38	-1	My son broke his collar bone in a football game and we were recommended to see this joker.  After waiting over an hour in the waiting room and than another 30 minutes for him to see us we were graced with his presence. He started his exam with my son and was extremely insensative to his pain. After being told my son needed surgery we were told to give he the presciption of pain meds that his staff would call in.  I went to the pharmacy to pick it up and they never called it in.  I called the after hours and no one picked up.  This is the worst doctors office I've ever seen.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
38	1	After two years of doctors, Dr Valastro was the first one to not send me away with a huge bottle of pills.  He seemed interested in my well being and in my future.  Was a refreshing change from the numerous other doctors.  And he also didn't recommend surgery.  As a last resort it could be done but it isn't an option at the moment.  Thanks Dr. V.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
38	-1	I saw Dr. V for hyaluronic acid injections in my knee.  He botched the job and said my knee was in very bad shape. He said giving the injection was very difficult and it was PAINFUL.  Hid PA gave me one of my injections and it was completely painless and in the correct spot.  I almost passed out during the last injection Dr. V gave me.  He said, no matter, he would just do a knee replacement.  No way would I let that man  near me with a knife!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
38	-1	I had fallen over my dogs and broken a finger. No big deal, thought it would heal. After 3 weeks, it was still swolled, bruised and deformed. Saw Dr. Valastro. What a joke! Waited one hour and 15 minutes in the waiting room, and 30 minutes in the office. Finally got an x-ray. Then waited another 20 minutes for him to walk in the room. He told me I had &quot;arthritis.&quot; I told him that was funny, since I didn't have it before I fell, my finger wasn't swollen, wasn't bruised and wasn't deformed. His response was he didn't know what to tell me. The next day, I saw another Dr. at an acute care facility. The finger was broken in 2 places. After he set it (because it was completely out of alignment) it felt much better. It healed, although now it really does have arthritis. Dr. Valastro is probably one of the worst Dr.'s I have ever encountered. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
38	-1	I had double hip replacement little over 2 years ago, I am in worse pain than before the operation. I can not bend over and touch the ground without alot of pain and I cannot stand or walk w/o alot of pain and a feeling that right hip is going to dislocate.  I have lost my job.  I cant sit or stand for anything length of time without great discomfort. I have been unable to get any help from Dr. Valastro. Every time I went to him after the surgery and complained of the pain, he insisted he saw nothing wrong.  	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
38	-1	He was horrible.  My husband had a broken hip and he insisted it was heeling. He made my husband go back to work in severe pain when it was completely broken. after 2 months he put in a partial hip and then he could not walk.  He gave up and gave him a list of doctors in the area. That was the only good that happened.  He also would make us wait at least one hour before he would see us and never would apoligize. He was incompetant.  I feel that he needs to do something else certainly Not surgery.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
39	1	Best doctor ever for me.  Very compassionate and knowledgeable 	 6/1/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
39	1	Very helpful, connected to me n my family.  Excellent knowledge base 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	I liked this doctor very much, he performed a D &amp; C and removed a cyst and an ovary.....all and all I would rate the overall experience EXCELLENT, only problem was afterwards when his office kept billing me small amounts and that was after I had paid the co-pay upfront and the insurance paid the rest. I ekpt asking for an explanation but never got it ---just the bills. I finally apd them but was not happy about it. Sometimes I think they send you all these small amounts for $30 -$50 bucks hoping you'll just pay and avoid a big hassle --which I did. But I trust this doctor and he came with a high recommendation from another surgeon another fmaily member had. He's a good surgeon and bedside manner is good too....  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
40	1	I am super sensitive and I couldn't think of a better obgyn for anyone to go to. He has handled both of my pregnancies and honestly was extremely supportive and kind from the beginning over four years ago. I am sad to see any bad reviews for him, as he is a truly amazing and supportive doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
40	1	I have been seeing Dr. Valenti ever since I moved to Denton 6 years ago.  He is an awesome doctor and is very straight forward with the facts.   He delivered my son three years ago and I would recommend him to anyone! He is a great ob/gyn! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	0	he is very rude and crude... comes off to be very uncaring... I'd warn any one with feelings to stay away from him.  	1	3	1	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
40	0	I'm sure he is very knowledgeable. So is he; just ask him. Overall, I found him condescending and patronizing, and I didn't leave thinking he had a real respect for Women or their bodies. I opted to have my fibroid removal surgery with another MD.  	4	3	2	4 	Insurance:Aetna
40	1	rough start. but once i got to know him he is great.  very knowlegeable in his field.  would not have mad it though this proceedure with out him being so kind and helpful.   he reaally cares about his patients 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	He was an excellent no nonsense doctor who I really liked.  I have been going there for over 7 years and I have never had a bad experience with him. He has delivered my two children (ages 4 and 2 months).  He is really nice and has a great bedside manner and I would recommend him to anyone that needed a ob/gyn.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	I have seen Dr. Vanderlick for the last 18 month. Every time she has treated me with respect and care. I am completely satisfy and recommend her without reservations.Sometimes the office personnel does not answer the phone calls in a timely manner.  	3	3	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	-1	About 8 years ago she misdiagnosed my husband as having a stroke.  The hospital imaging reports indicated Multiple Sclerosis but her lack of knowledge - stating that he was a man and too old - resulted in altogether wrong treatment.  It took 3 years to get the correct diagnosis of multiple sclerosis.  He is now treated in an MS clinic no thanks to this neurologist.  I could not recommend her.  	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	I believe she became a doctor to truly help others.  Kind, attentive, confident, generous with her time, and has my best interest at heart.  She is understanding and generally interested in me as a patient. She doesn't push new and expensive medication.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	She is caring, focused, a great listener, and  patient doctor. She gives you all the time you need to have things clarified. They need many more doctors like her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	I could not disagree more with the previous comments, especially in regard to the thoroughness of Dr. Vander Straten's exams.  She has always been extremely thorough in my exams and she has never pushed any expensive or trendy treatments.  A good old-fashioned Doc.  That's why I followed her from her former clinic to her current clinic at Lone Star.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
42	-1	I was very concerned upon leaving Dr. Vander Straten's office.  I felt she was in the pocket of the rosacea pharmaceutical manufacturers.  That's all she could talk about even though I told her the diagnosis of my previous dermatologist, who did a superior job in my previous home.  The prescription for rosacea did nothing for my cystic acne, and brought on new problems.  The redness of rasacea that I never had, now erupted on my face.  I discontinued the prescription immediately. I hope you look for someone who responds with an intelligent discussion to your subjective comments.  And their objective exam takes more than 3 seconds.  It was a shear formality.  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Humana
43	-1	I would not return to this Dr's office.  They are very rude and unwilling to help. The hours are terrible and you can NEVER get ahold of a human being, nor is there an option to leave a voicemail so they can return my call when they are actually open. I have to take up my time continuously calling &amp; calling back until I can get through to someone on the phone. Very time consuming &amp; hectic. They take days to return a phone call and there has been a few times when they never even returned the call.  Forget trying to get them to call in a prescription. There were times when they never called the pharmacy and I had to start the whole process of calling them back.  They are in a hurry to get you in and get rid of you.  Very stressful visits.  	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
43	1	The wait is usually long (20 min - 1hr+) and some of the staff is rude and unhelpful. But the dr. more than makes up for it. She is smart, helpful, and personable. She is great and pretty popular, which kinda explains the long waits. 	2	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	We took our daughter to Texas Children's hospital and unfortunately saw Dr. Vargas.  She didn't try at all to keep our daughter calm.  The other staff were terrible.  For a children's hospital we were extremely disappointed.  	1	2	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	Dr. Varghese is Extremely helpful. All the products she sells at her practice are 100% natural and very helpful as well. She is not always on time but she is very busy doing hosptal visits in the mornings. She always has a smile on her face which makes it almost impossible not to smile. She is very optimistic and full of life. I would reccomend her to anyone with heart troubles. She is truly amazing 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	-1	This man is either careless or uncaring, or both. My primary doctor referred to Dr. Varin for chronic diarrhea. The examination included an uncomfortable exam of the rectum but his written report stated that a rectal exam was not performed. My calls to his office for a corrected report were to no avail. Consequently, Dr. Varin subjected me to a stressful procedure, wasted my time and money, and after failing to correct the error in his report, left me with no alternative but to undergo a duplicate exam in order to get needed information to the referring physician. I can understand making an error when dictating a report; I can't understand refusing to correct the error after multiple requests from me to do so, nor giving me even the simple courtesy of returning my phone calls.  	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Medicare
47	1	I have been going to Dr Valdez for 5 years now and she has always given very good care to me. Yes the wait to see her is a little long - I understand why. She spend alot of time with me to get a good history of my problem.  She also stays with me till I fully understand the extent of my problem.  	3	3	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	-1	Find yourself a real practice. Dr Valdez and her staff are highly incompetent.  Their punctuality is terrible and the staff is miserable.  Dr Valdez does not understand the basics either.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
48	1	Very good , helpful and compassionate. Excellent bedside manners .  Excellent skills 	 6/1/11	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
48	1	very good .recommend highly.  excellent bedside manners 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
49	1	I was recently operated on by Dr. Vaden and I am very pleased.  I had colon resectioning surgery in which about 10 inches of my right ascending colon was removed because of a cancerous tumor.  She was able to do laparoscopic surgery on me versus open surgery even though I have several layers of belly fat which I'm sure made it extremely difficult.  Because I'm diagnosed at Stage IIa colon cancer, she suggested I obtain a second opinion about receiving chemotheraphy which I'm glad I did as it is not warranted at this time based on tumor not going outside the colon wall; high number of lymph nodes tested were negative and other criteria regarding tumor type, etc.  Dr. Vaden is a straight shooter and tells you like it is which I truly appreciate because that's exactly how I am with people.  I would recommend her to other patients having to have colon resectioning surgery.  Also, her operating room nurses think very highly of her; I know, because I grilled them before my operation.   lol 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
49	1	. Fantastic and positively knows what she is doing! I recommend!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
49	-1	Dr Vaden may be good at her job, but has no inter-personal skills. After surgery, I had to go to the emergency room (I had some breathing issues, nausea, pain in my chest) and she was very upset and angry at me for doing so and mentioned the cost of tests and the visit. I don't know what connection to the insurance company she has but after surgery she was supposed to see my family and never called them. She said she walked out and no one was there so she went on to her next surgery. My mom waited the entire day and didn't eat because she wanted to be there when they called the family. She just doesn't communicate well. On a follow up visit recommended by the ER doctor, she said my tests were normal (although they indicated I had partial lung collapse and an infection). She continued to be dismissive. I had just had surgery and she was angrily speaking to me as if I was a child in front of my spouse. We didn't know what to say. We just felt shocked my her comments and attitude.  	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
50	1	Dr. Vanek was really helpful and made me feel as comfortable as possible with my emberrasing health issue. I would reccomnend her to anybody.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
51	1	He is nice, always on time and very helpful. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	I love Dr. Vasavada!  He has never steered me wrong and is truly interested in my well being.  He knows what he is doing.  I would reccommend him to everyone!  He is always on time and he keep the appointment short and to the point but is friendly at the same time.  He really loves his job and his patients.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
52	-1	Dr. Vasavada is a very bad person an there is a place in hell for him.  He was part of a treatment center and sent me there as a teenager to simply to take my insurance money.  The place was shut down by the authorities.   He is not a good person.  I do not recommend him. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	I have seen Dr. Vasavada for over two years and I find him very practical and comforting.  I believe he saved my life.  I would recommend him to anyone needing a professional, as he truly is. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	0	He is a stuck up psychaitrist who doesn't like teenagers like me. yes he knew his stuff but i feel like he spent more time looking at his computer than at me and my parents. I say he would be good if your over 18-19. if your under that age like me, he wouldnt be a good choice. 	2	5	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	Dr.Vasavada is not only a renowned physician, he's also a compassionate and kind man. He's been my Dr. since early 2007. Dr.V has seen me through a major depression and anxiety disorder including two hospitalizations.From my first appt to my most recent one,he's always listened without interrupting or making me feel I was taking too much of his time. Dr.V has worked patiently to find the meds that worked best for me. He's always been quick to return calls and always answered my questions making sure that I fully understood my illness & treatment plan.I was Dr. V's last appt one afternoon but was thirty minutes late. I didn't have my cell phone and I was worried that the office would be closed. Dr. V had let his staff go home but he had stayed & waited for me. I'm very thankful and grateful to have Dr. Vasavada & his caring staff as part of my health care team. Dr. V is a blessing to my family & me, and I know that through his skill & kind heart he has blessed many, many others as well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
52	-1	This Dr. nearly killed me. I had 1 visit. He hardly inquired of my symptoms but put me on 5 Rx's. My body degrading w/in 3 days. Shaking too much to hold spoon to eat. Leg muscles failed. had to lay on floor to eat from bowl like a dog. Called Dr. w/ symptoms & asked if E.R. required. He yelled at me & replied, &quot;I can't talk to you while you're being passive-agressive.&quot; I asked what that meant (so I could stop & he'd hear me). He refused to explain. I could not live like this anymore. I hung up & was about to slit wrists when friend knocked on door, stopped me, took me to local free MHMR facility next day. Pschiatrist there heard me. Looked at Rx's & remarked, &quot;It's a miracle you din't die.&quot; I thought he meant suicide, but he said, &quot;No, these Rx combinations are deadly when mixed.&quot; Verified all symptoms they'd give & I had them. He switched me to 2 Rx's which removed all symptoms & was able to become employed w/in 2 weeks. / Vasavada should not be allowed near humans.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:GHI
52	1	Dr. Vasavada was great. He changed my medicines which made a tremendous difference in my mental health. He was concerned about how I was doing in every appointment, which was almost everyday. I was a patient at University Behavioral Health in Denton. I was being treated for self-injury. Dr. V. understands the particular problem and treats the patient with respect and is not judgmental at all. S.I. is a difficult syndrome to treatment and requires a doctor who is knowledgeable about it. Dr. V. is! My fellow S.I. patients agree that Dr. V. is a wonderful doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
52	-1	At first he was very helpful, but after 4 years under his care he became very complacent in his treatment of me.  I felt ignored and mistreated.  I feel i gave him feasible knowledge of my behaviors and experiences.  Often his answer became associated more with deep stares upon his computer screen and less about the person sitting 2 feet away from him.  Even more so his receptionists are not caring and only justify their experience with you among the time it takes to get out your credit card.  Often witnessed individuals come into the office crying and pleading their case for emergency treatment, and simply told they had not the time or the energy to care for these sick individuals.  I simple suggest consider the personal connection you recieve with Dr. Vasavada, while in his presence.  I feel you will percieve the same opinion of him of which i have explained. 	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	This man saved my life.  After going to a dr that sent me into a nervous breakdown from poor practices, Dr V. brought me back from the brink in record speed and I am a whole new person for it.  I won't say every day is sunshine and roses, but he has taught me what to watch for and how to avoid the pitfalls.  I would recommend anyone with more normal everyday &quot;issues&quot; go talk to him.  If he helped me he can surely help someone else out there and don't wait.  He's the best.  He's got a great rapport with his patients.  He's not just the 15 minutes in and out type of dr either. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	0	After just shy of a year of trying multiple ways to administer the same drug (all of which were ineffectual), he tried a few different drugs until one day he looked at me, put his hands up in a shrug, and said &quot;I Don''t Know.&quot;  Some folks might consider this a boldly honest statement...but after spending close to a year in his care and feeling somewhat like a guinea pig for the latest drug on the market, after spending quite a lot of money and waiting time in his office, I really wanted something different than &quot;I Don''t Know&quot;.  Suffice to say that this ended my treatment with Dr. Vasavada.  Perhaps if I had given him some more time he might have come to a different conclusion, but I''m afraid I grew weary of the treatment I was receiving and dismissed myself as his patient.  Obviously, your experience may be very different, and I believe its important to know that not every doctor can effectively treat every patient, so I don''t mean to suggest that he is a ''quack 	4	2	4	1 	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	This office is more concerned with getting forms signed than actually helping a patient. They will not see you unless you agree to sign forms.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
53	1	Dr. Vagner is AWESOME!!  The front desk staff is slow and apathetic towards clients, but that in no way shaped my opinion about this doctor.  He saw me on a day he was in surgery!  He was brief, to be sure, but he was accurate, and his two assistants were incredibly helpful and friendly.   Five out of five! 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	0	Every single person was rude and not at all understanding or reassuring. The anesthesiologist and wrist surgeon both have a severe attitude problem. If you want to be treated like a HUMAN BEING go to someone else. 0 stars out of 5. 	1	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Excellent Dentist.  Specializes in Cosmetic &amp; Aesthetic Dentistry.  Great personality and work ethics.  LVI Dentist. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Dr Valdez has been my PCP for many years and I could not be more pleased and confidant in his care. His memory is excellent, professionalism is commendable, compassion and concern for my welfare is excellent and admirable. His awesome bedside manner is something that is rarely experienced in these current times. I refer anyone who is in need of an excellent physician to my doctor! His staff is also very friendly, professional and efficient. I first met Dr. Valdez when he shared a practice with my life long doctor. Within 2 monthly visits I was requesting to be seen by Dr. Valdez only and switched my primary healthcare to Dr. Valdez because I knew he was the right doctor for me. He continually impresses me with his concern for my health and medical expertise. I am so happy that he is my doctor and feel very blessed I am under his personl care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Dr.  Valdez adds a personal touch to his patients, something that is seldom seen these days 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
55	1	Very concerned for my health.  I have great confidence in him after seeing him for four years.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
55	1	Proactive with your healthcare and gives you a reasonable amount of his time.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	I have used this guy for most of my life. He is extremely smart and helpful, and his bedside manner is amazing. My sister once got very sick with a blood disorder, and his actions alone saved her life. He has been helpful to me with everything from general illness to specific treatment of injuries from accidents. AMAZING doctor.  	 10/9/07	3	3	5	Insurance:Aetna
56	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	0	 	1	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	Ray Valdez has done 2 shoulder surgeries on my father and work on my ankle. He has always been wonderful to my family. His is ethical, professional and kind. His work on my father was spot on and his work on my ankle was great also, this is a great doctor with a lot of experience .  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
57	1	My mother had several very severe breaks in her ankle.  No other doctor closer to us was willing to see her because the injury was work related.  Dr. Valdez was more then happy to see her, told her exactly what she did and how he was going to go about fixing it.  He also told her about everything she could count on happening along the road to recovery.  Everything he said was dead-on.  He's super friendly, takes the time you need to answer all of your questions and has a wonderful bedside manor.  He has been there every step of the way with my mom and she feels very secure and safe with him.  She says he has a very calming effect on her.  The office staff is nice as well. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	This physician performed the incorrect knee surgery which cause me to experience further extreme pain and suffering in 2005. He removed the foriegn body but forgot to fill the hole that was left. He also was about to operate on the wrong knee. He has had other complaints againts him. He can't be trusted.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	This dental office is very friendly, but they will bilk you for every dime you have. They will try to get you to buy into every possible treatment known to man. Their billing department is extremely incompetent and after any period of time you'll realize they only care about money.  Avoid at all cost! 	1	4	4	4 	Insurance:Humana
59	1	I have been with this doctor for a very long time.  She is fantastic, Love her!!!!!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
59	1	It is actually her and her husband and they are very good, I would not change them for nothing, I have been a patient of theirs for a very long time, they say what they mean and mean what they say, I would tell any one to visit the clinic.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	some people may not want her for being  straight forward but for me it helped me become knowledgable of my condition..she's a great Doctor! I won't be alive today if it's not for her...I thank her a lot for that! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	Dr. Van Sickle was  an awesome doctor. She may not have been the friendliest but you could tell she still had a good heart and cared about the unborn baby. I just thought she was really knowledgeable. She was like that girlfriend you may not want to get their opinion because you don't want to hear the truth but you know you need it. She also gave me encouraging words on personal matters.  But she did not do excuses, funny!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
60	-1	Bad enough experience! She may have race to me, I did not get the caring that I paid for. Induced labor turned into emergency c-section as the baby's head never turn around. After the water broke off, she felt it was not the head, it is the foot! At the last check up after the baby born, she did not check the cut of the c-section until I asked. 	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	Dr. Van Sickle has been my doctor for many years and I wouldn't go to anyone else! She has always been very nice to me and answers all my questions.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	Dr. Van Sickle is a wonderful doctor. She is very knowledgable, you just have to draw the information out of her. She is very direct, but it is understandable, because she is a doctor. She asks specific questions and seeks a specific answer, not a story. I prefer this in a doctor as it gets things moving along. You just need to be prepared when you go in if you have a few questions. Have a list and be prepared. The bed side manner was a bit rocky at first, but I realized that it was a two way street. The more personable I became, the more personable she became. Sounds like how people actually act. The wait is a bit long, but depends on what you are having done. The longest I have waited is 45 minutes, but sometimes I am in and out in 15 minutes. This is how it is at every doctor. Our family doctor and pediatrician have 30 minute waits as well. My husband really likes her because she is direct, specific, and practical. A good doctor to cut through the drama and worries of the world.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
60	-1	We had initially planned on using her as our obstetrician, but quickly changed our minds. She has a terrible bedside manner and clearly does not want to answer patient's questions. Moreover, when we had some trouble with our pregnancy, she got angry with me for taking up too much of her and her staff's time with questions. I would NEVER recommend her.  	3	2	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
60	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Van Sickle for several years.  She was the first doctor to diagnose the reason for my infertility.  She recommended a treatment plan and was very helpful.  She always took the time to explain things and never talked down to me.  She had to do several surgeries and address complications.  Her bed side manner is excellent.  I would recommend her to anyone wanting a compasionate doctor.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
60	1	I have mixed emotions about Dr. Van Sickle.  While I believe she is very knowledgeable I think she sometimes makes her patients feel stupid.  I trust her and like her as a doctor but would not recommend her to someone who can get their feelings hurt.  She can be very up front and almost too much.  Overall great Dr. for the right person.  	5	3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	-1	I went Van Sickle after high recommendations from several people.  This was hands down the WORST experience I have ever had with a &quot;Dr.&quot;  She hurt me very badly during the exam, I bled for 3 days after, and then had the nerve to accuse me of trying to nothing more then sue her.  She was incredibly late more than 2 1/2 hrs, and staff kept lying about the wait time.  I had a Hypoglycemic episode because of the long wait, she simply said it was my fault for not asking for soda or crackers from her staff.  At point she threw down her pen and told me she only wanted patients with a positive attitude, because she didn't have to put up with negativity. Dr's are supposed to make you feel better not worse.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
60	1	I have been going to Dr. Vansickle for about 5 years.  She has helped me to understand menopause and all the changes my body is going through.  Yes, you do have to wait sometimes 1 to 1 1/2 hours, but bring a book to read.   She is worth the wait! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
60	1	She is one the best in my regard. She doesn't sugar coat, just tells the TRUTH, which I appreciate very much! Often the truth not necessarily make you feel good but we all deserve the right to truth.  The improvement seems to be the wait time / time management but I totally understand we all want to tell our life story in 30 minutes frame - the time only enough for warmup talks if you are a woman :) 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	SHE'S THE BEST AT WHAT SHE DOES BUT PUNCTUALITY CAN USE SOME IMPROVEMENT. ONE MAY HAVE TO WAIT AN HOUR OR LONGER FROM THEIR SCHEDULE TIME TO BE SEEN.  OTHERWISE SHE AND HER STAFF ARE GREAT 	5	1	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	-1	I went to her for my  pap smear and several prenatal visit. I and my husband decided to change my OB/GYN in the middle of my pregnancy because of her attitude. she is not nice at all; no bedside manner; very sarcastic in all her comments about our questions. 	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
60	-1	She was rude and very judgmental of me since I was going through a difficult divorce.  It was a rough time for me and she only made it worse with her condescending remarks.  I would not recommend going to this gynecologist because she is not a doctor you can talk to about your female problems at all without her judging you. 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	This is the BEST doctor I've ever been to. I've seen her for years now. I used to see a terrible (male) ob-gyn, and I feel like I've gone from hell to heaven! Gentle, competent, caring, calm, reassuring, and she was rated as one of the Top Docs in Houston. I am so grateful. I also use Dr. Van Sickle as my primary doc--she and her awesome nurse, Chris, kindly have referred me to very good doctors when I've needed someone. HIGHLY RECOMMEND.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	-1	I was very unhappy with my visit with this doctor and his staff.  There was zero communication between he and the nurse I spoke with when I made the appointment and he had no knowledge of why I was there...even after I explained it.  He then proceeded to make me feel ashamed and embarrassed for my situation.  I was then instructed to follow another nurse who was extremely dismissive and rude.  The girl at the front desk was the only positive experience I had there.  Overall I was highly offended by how I was treated and would never recommend this doctor to anyone. 	 5/10/11	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	I would not suggest this doctor or his staff! They are rude and are quick to stick their noses up to you if you do not have insurance and are asking for a cash pay discount. They don't do that there. Even after paying an insane amount of money, they had the audacity to send me a bill for something they forgot to charge me with. Dr. Valdez was less than impressive. He seemed pretty apathetic when I went to see him for a miscarriage. I started crying when he told me, asked me if I was going to be okay and then left the room immediately after. He didn't try to make me feel better or explain why it may have happened. He just left me on the table. I had the worst experience there and I hope that no one else has that same experience. 	1	5	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	I have been with Dr. Valdez for about 3 years.  After a year of trying to conceive, his advice and assistance helped us get pregnant, and he delivered our son almost a year ago.  He even called himself after he heard from his nurse that I was pregnant (on a Saturday!).  He is always pleasant, honest, and quick to get to the point.  Our delivery was very professional (at St. Lukes) and went perfectly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Valdez for about 17 years. He delivered my baby and has always provided me with excellenet service. I find him to be very patient, courteous and helpful. Furthermore, his staff is very friendly and professional.  I have recommended this office to many people over the years and will continue to do so for many more to come.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
61	1	I recently underwent major surgery that was performed by Dr. Valdez.  Absolutely minimal pain postoperatively (1 or 2 out of 10).  He ensured that I had everything I needed.  He even checked with me after I went home.  Can't ask for more!!!  Dr. Valdez is great and I can never say anything bad about him.  You are an excellent physician and I would rather you be blunt and honest, than to beat around the bush and lie.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
61	1	Dr Valdez is a great doctor.  He can be blunt at times but I would rather have that then someone to sugar coat things.  I trust him completely when it comes to my pregnancies as well as my gyno needs.  The nurses are always very helpful on the phone!  would very much recommend him to others.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
61	1	I have been with Dr. Valdez for many years and have never had any problems with him. He is excellent and very helpful when questions are asked.  I have never heard him being rude to patients!!  As far as punctuality...he delivers babies...he can never know when a baby will want to be delivered.  It would be unfair to rate a OB/GYN in this category unless you have to wait for hours knowing the doctor is in the house.  I will continue to seeing Dr. Valdez for as long as he is in practice.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
61	1	i have been with valdez for over 13 years now he is the best obgyn. very helpful answers all my questions.  the staff is just the same.  i recommend his office! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
61	1	He is a wonderful doctor.   He is very friendly and talks so that you understand 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
61	-1	Worst experience at a doctor appointment ever.  I scheduled an extra appointment to discuss my husband and I trying to concieve.  Dr. Valdez said well you have two options lose 50 pounds or realize that some people are just not meant to be parents.  I am overweight at about 215 pounds but not morbidly obese and I have been exactly the same weight for the last 10 years.  This advice was not only not helpful but also given in a very rude way.  After this emotional blow he even sat there in the exam room and just waited until I left not even giving me time to get myself back togather.  Dr. Valdez is FIRED in my book and I will be making an appointment with another doctor tommorrow.  	4	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	Wonderful experience! Helpful staff and the doctor was GREAT.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
61	-1	This may be the worst I've ever been treated by a doctor. He insisted I get a pap smear even though that was not what I scheduled the appointment for, because it would be a &quot;waste of time&quot; to do it later. He actually took the time to ask me a question--have you ever taken birth control pills. As I was answering that they give me depression and weight gain, he cut me off mid-sentence to say he was putting me back on &quot;the pill&quot;! He cut me off again mid-sentence to give me a completely dischordant answer several times! He seemed more interested in chatting with his nurse about totally nonrealed topics than providing something that would resemble health care. Mean mean doc, to be avoided at all costs! I've had the same luck with other doctors associated with Institute for Women's Health, so I avoid them altogether now.  		3	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
62	1	the best doctor and person in dallas tx. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	-1	He was extremely arrogant with poor bed side manners. I was admitted via ER to have gallstone removed and Dr. Vachani was on call GI.  He did not show up until 4pm although the nurse begin paging him since 7am.  Because he was so rude I did not have him perform an unnecessary service. I would never recommend him.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
63	-1	Worst doctor. So wet behind the years. He messed up clonoscope I was in pain for fifteen days.  Not going to see him again 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
64	-1	Has to many patients, techs do all the work &amp; evaluation.  was suppose to get crown put in took a year to get it done but that time claimed teeth had moved &amp; had to charge me again to start again.  MEDICATION he uses seems to be out of date as it never worked  &amp; he could care less how much pain being caused during the procedure either pulling teeth or drilling, went to other dentist &amp; I never felt any pain with teeth being pulled or root canals. All cleaning inspection done by tech istead of him. Had construction going on while being worked on could care less that dust coming in while being worked on even when commented on it. wanted to charge another 3000 to start again from beging doing root canals and same crown that fell off 2 hours after glued due to posibly expired medication being used never had this problem with oth other dentists ever in 40 years or with new dentist changed to. But of course he is very religious would not recommend to my worst enemy 	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	He is the best Dr. I have.Takes time to listen and checks you out not missing a thing.explains what is happening with your health.Treats you like a person,and likes for you to keep your app.So glad he is my Dr.,wouldnt want another Dr.and his staff are wonderful.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	1	Great doctor very helpful and understanding.best ruematologist in Texas. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	Staff is extremely rude!!!! Never saw the doctor but I can imagine if he lets his staff get away with being socially incompetent than I'm sure he would not devote any attention to the care of his patients!!!!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	I just thing he just work for insurance companys and dont care patients, be carefull 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	more interested in the money than helping his patients get better. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	I used Dr Varadi for 8 years as my regular gynecologist. I was on the pill and had no issues. In 2009, when I went off the pill and attempted to conceive, I self-diagnosed myself with PCOS after  7 months of no ovulation, I went in for an official diagnosis. Once she diagnosed me, she gave me no options for treatment. Her suggestions were to go back on the pill to decrease the symptoms (hello! I was trying to conceive!) or lose 40 pounds (I weighed about 165 at 5'8&quot;). Um, no. I ended up going to see an RE, who put me on metformin for my PCOS. I got pregnant within 6 weeks, but miscarried. When I called Varadi to report it, they did nothing. No tests, no visit, nothing.  The second time I got pregnant, 3 months later, I scheduled a blood test with Varadi to confirm, but they still didn't want to see me for 4 weeks, even though I had a prior miscarriage! That's when I decided to switch doctors. And what a great decision that was. Never regretted it. 	2	3	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
67	-1	The worst doc I'v ever seen. Complete disrespect for patients. Yelled and insulted me for wanting to know the reason to be induced.  It's not as if there are no other obgyns in the area!! Why is she even in practice!!! 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
67	1	Best doctor I ever had to determine what my medical problem was.  I always feel I can communicate with her.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	-1	I feel like Dr. Varadi does NOT value her patient's time. I have waited long wait times, and this has severely hindered my husband getting to enjoy his first pregnancy. Most of the time, he has to leave before the dr even arrives. She is normally about 30-45 minutes late to appt times, and then only spends maybe a minute or two before walking out the door. It's very frustrating. Most of the information I have needed I have turned to online sources for. I have to constantly ask for silly things like what my baby's heartbeat is, as she doesn't tell you while doing the Doppler. She has yet to measure my uterus like my previous ob did when I was pregnant with my other two children. I just feel like she's only there now to make a buck, and she really isn't all that concerned about her patients.  	4	1	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
67	1	I've seen her for 12 years. She and her staff are excellent! I wouldn't see anyone else. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	-1	I went to her for over 6 years and she was never on time.  I also had two miscarriages while she was my Dr, which was never investigated nor were my irregular periods.  In fact, she had &quot;forgotten&quot; that I had one miscarriage (despite it being in my file) when my second happened.  I recently switched Dr's and they quickly discovered what was wrong and diagnosed me with PCOS.  I feel like the ball was severely dropped on her and her staff's part.  	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	Dr Varadi handled my high risk pregnancy and efficiently handled my delivery. She & her staff are knowledgeable and helpful. I have recomended friends and they have similar good experience. As for the wait, as someone mentioned, me being a high risk pregnancy, from personal experience, have seen Dr Varadi drop her appointments and rush to an emergency when needed, and I appreciate her for that.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	-1	She is never on time. I have waited for over 2 hours sometimes and mostly at least 45 mins before she sees you. After you wait that long the doctor actually only spends 30 seconds with you in the room and rushes out before answering any questions. Staff are very curt and not at all helpful. They sigh and make a face if you ask questions. They are not open to having hte baby naturally or vaginally (with or without epidural). They force C-section on you from the time you are close to your due date. After my delivery when I was fully conscious, the doctor was telling her colleague that she is going to write it up as a 2nd deg episiotomy because she got written up for to many 3rd deg. Now that made me feel very secure. My water broke on oct 6 and I did not deliver baby till Oct 17 and this was in spite of me telling the doctor that I think my water broke. she examined me, did a sono and sent me home. The whole experience has scarred me and I will never ever go back to her.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	I have been seeing Dr. Varadi for 13 years and she delivered my two children. She is fantastic and so is her staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	Dr. Varadi & Rhonda are always two people that give very good suggestions and are always there to help whenever you need it. This will be the first baby that she will deliver for me.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
67	1	Dr. Varadi has delivered two babies for me.  She knows what she's doing.  The outside staff is nice and efficient.  Nurses Susan and Rhonda are great.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
67	1	She is a bit of an odd doctor but seemed to do her best.  She was a good listener and made appropriate suggestions. 	3	3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	this man saved my life after a doctor by the name of gary horndeski.. nearly took my life away 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
69	1	Dr. Vasquez is courteous, professional and kind.  I recommend this young dentist to everyone because of the excellent work he has done for my family and me.  On a scale of 1 to 10, I rate Dr. Vasquez with an 11!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	0	Dr. Vargas and her office staff are not on the same page.  Dr. Vargs tells you one thing and the staff tell you something different.  When I requested to speak with Dr. Vargas about the miscommunications, I was told I could not speak with her. I had surgery to remove a cataract. The process (including fees) was explained to me by Dr. Vargas, but changed after the fact. The office charged me a fee that Dr. Vargs said was included in my proceedure.  While I no longer have a cataract, I now have bursts of light and an eye that tears up at any hint of light.  I was told by doctor Vargas that this sometimes happens and she would correct it, but I would have to wait 90 days.  I asked if this was a result of the surgery and if it would cost.  She said it was, and that I would not have to pay for this proceedure.  I came in today, and was told I had to pay $120.00.  When I asked to speak to Dr. Vargas, they refused, saying she does not discuss fees. There is more and I will report to license.  	4	4	1	4 	Insurance:Medicare
71	1	A very smart and very good docotor. Cares about her patients. Vey down to earth and explains things on a patient understanding level. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	I hadnt had an eye exam in quite some time.  He listened to my concerns and we were able to come up with a good solution to help improve my vision.  I never thought I could wear contact lenses.  They are amazing! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	0	Dr. Vanover seems like a wonderful fair-weather doctor. If you have a regular pregnancy with a great outcome, she would be wonderful. I however, had a stillbirth under her care. And, though I know it isn't her fault at all, she and her staff provided terrible aftercare. They wouldn't return calls for results. When a specific autopsy result came in, I had a question about on of the findings to which the nurse replied, &quot;I don't know what that means.&quot; I had to ask her to find out, and then call 3 days later to get the answer. Some of the tests she said she would run for determining what happened were never done. And, after my 2 week follow up, she pushed me onto her NP. Not thrilled with my experience at all. She was very nice, but I wanted to let any high risk patients know that they should probably look elsewhere. If my husband and I get pregnant again, I will go to a different doc.  	2	4	3	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
73	1	I used a different Dr in her practice as my OB, but when the time came, Dr Vanover was the one who ended up on call and delivered my daughter.  She was so nice, professional, and helpful.  She made me at ease, and had a wonderful speedy delivery. I recommend Women Partners to everyone, and now Dr Vanover specifically.  If you want someone who is caring, nice and helpful, she is the one to see.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Assurant
73	1	I have been a patient of dr. vanover for many years.  She is so professional and personable.  I can attest to the fact that she is not only a wonderful doctor but a great person.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
73	1	Dr.Vanover is a wonderful and very caring professional. I have been her pt. and have worked as a nurse with her for many years.  She is the BEST! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
73	1	Dr.Vanover delivered my daughter over 21 years ago and I have been to her ever since! My Mom sees her too! Warm, Caring, Knowledgeable! I have referred many a woman to this wonderful doctor, and as a RN have seen the gamut from bad to great. She is WONDERFUL.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	Dr. Vanover is wonderful.  She delivered both of my children(planned c-section due to breech).  Healed quickly, hardly any scar(even the nurses at the hospital commented on the good stitching she did :).  She listens, is knowledgeable, patient, and very caring.  Easy to talk to.    Would definitely recommend Dr.  Vanover! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
73	1	Love, Love, Love Dr. VanOver. I drive from out of town to see her. She delivered both of my children. Her staff can sometimes be a challenge but she more than makes up for it. I have used her for 8 years now and go back at least 1x per year. You will love her too. She is honest, fair, and friendly as well as a little motherly at times when I needed it. She has given me wonderful news and I have also cried on her shoulder. I couldn't ask for a more caring physician.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
73	1	She and all the doctors with Women Partners in OB/GYN have been the best! I've had to shop around a long time to find a good OBGYN--and now that I have I refer Dr.  Vanover and Women Partners to every woman I know! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	Wonderful doctor.  Didn't feel a thing (if you know what I mean), very professional, wonderful staff, comfortable exam rooms! Will definitely be going back! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
74	1	I love Dr. Varner.  She took an active interest in my case and would regularly call me to see how I was doing.  When there was some confusion with my other doctors as to my condition, she took the lead in coordinating with them to get everyone on the same page.  She is very knowledgeable and will happily answer whatever questions I have.  It can some times take her a while to get to me, but she is well worth the wait.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	I have been seeing Dr. Vandel for many years. He is a great doctor: very careful and thorough in his examinations. He is incredibly patient and willing to consider all the possible treatment options. He always explains the diagnosis and treatment to me carefully. His staff is also very competent and pleasant. I would highly recommend Dr. Vandel and have done so to various people who have asked.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	Dr. Vandel attentively LISTENS to me and honestly CONSIDERS what I say. He is a wonderful physician.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
75	1	 	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	I have always found Dr. Vanzant to be interested in the care of his patients along with trying to save them money. He is also involved with the State political issues concerning healthcare. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	Dr. Vanzant has been my physician for eight years now. Very knowledgeable and personable.  Highly recommended. His staff and the overall punctuality of the practice is greatly improved since the practice moved to Town and Country, away from the Memorial City Medical Morass.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
76	1	. Outstanding doctor! On time, takes his time to be personable and knows his stuff! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	1	EXCELLENT WORK DOCTOR. KEEP IT UP. SHALL VISIT AGAIN.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:BC Med
78	0	The appt felt more like meeting a college buddy- maybe i was just thrown off that he was close to my age!  The office staff was nice however even tho i didn't see a lot of people waiting to be seen, i waited what seemed like an inordinate amount of time in the room for the doctor! He rushed through my appt scan and i could barely see the screen. He didn't take the time to explain or show parts of the baby , and even tho i was far enough along for a sex diagnosis, he could only &quot;guess&quot; that it &quot;might be a girl&quot; but that the picture was to fuzzy- is that my fault or his equipment&#63; He pushed very hard on my stomach during the exam to the point that i almost screamed in pain! I was only given 2 undiscernable pictures &amp; an appt for a month later- would not recommend this Doctor! I left and cried all the way home- very disappointed with every aspect! I found a new Doc almost immediately! 	4	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Excellent Sense of humor, Takes the time to listen and also make you feel comfortable with anything he has to do. He delivered my first baby and if i have another child i will go back to him. His staff is wonderful and they take excellent care of you. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	-1	. rude with my sun, very painful experience, stay away 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
79	1	great dentist,polite spends time, explains the treatment. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	-1	always in a hurry, doesn't care about patient just about money, stay away 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	This Doctor was God sent. My wife had very complex illness.Dr. Varon and his partner Dr. Francis Amede, treated my wife in the hospital for four months. They are the best. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	excellent dentist...they are always on time and prompt. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	very knowlegable. takes time with you. plan of care with several options 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	A doctor who will talk with you, and spend some time. You ARE NOT a number with test results.  Not a one medicine doctor he knows we are all different and will work with you till all is right ! Recommended 	4	3	5	4 	Insurance:Pacificare
83	0	I went to this dr even though I had seen negative remarks re: record transfer fee of $35 it is now $50. I was given serveral series of tests many I did not need and had to pay a large amount out of pocket over 2000 in 3 months.  The Dr is knowledgeable but is money hungry.  She will only do a 3 month script for meds like BP and then requires more labs. She was not willing refill my BP meds until I came in. Which I found very odd but just went on until it happened again and again.  Don't waste your time or money there are Drs in TX that are not like this and I was lucky to find mine. Staff is great except for the front recptionist.  She is not very friendly  My advice Keep Looking! 	3	5	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	I have been to Dr. Vanderledden's office but I have never seen her personally.  I think now days lots of doctors use a PA.  I have been to other offices and had the same experince never seeing the actual doctor. Although, at the other pratices I never felt confident in the PA.  Dr Vanderleddens's PA is wonderful. I have seen her several times with multi medical problems. I have called needing to be seen the same day and was able to get in.  I have also walked in expecting to wait at least 30- 45 minutes but only waited 15 minutes to see the PA.  I have had nothing but a good experince at Dr Vanderledden's office and plan to have my children seen by the PA next month.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	-1	. She is never in the office she has a nurse running the whole office 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
83	-1	Prescribed an antibiotic that I am allergic to.  It states clearly on my chart that Im allergic to this antibiotic and her excuse was &quot;I didn't look at your chart when I called in the prescription&quot;.  This place stinks of malpractice! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
83	-1	Dr. Van Der Leden is in the office about 1% of the time. I've only ever seen her once in two years. Her staff has an incredible turnover and she expects them to handle the patients instead of doing it herself. She falsely advertises her hours on her door, her website, and her answering service. She claims to accept walk-in patients, but it's difficult for  established patients to make appointments because the office hours are really very limited. She expects her P.A. and nurse to not only see patients, but to answer the phone and make appointments. I think she is only about making money and I don't think she cares about her patients that much at all.  Why did she become a doctor&#63; 	 2/17/12	4	4	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	The Dr. is fairly good and takes the time to listen...but her staff turns over at an incredible rate. WHY&#63; Her current nurse talks too  much about her own personal situations.She is careless, letting the needle slip out too soon as she was taking my blood. Forgets to write things in my chart. She called to give me the results and told me things that I later found out weren't even in my results. She is the reason I may be looking for a new Dr. Also, the Dr. seems to want you to have an awful lot of tests done on a regular basis. Will only give 3 month supply on prescriptions which causes you to have to go in more often. She was gone all summer so I had to see another Dr. in her place. I've also noticed the her co-Doctor's seem to also turn over at an unusual rate. WHY&#63; I've never seen such a turnover in a Drs office before..Altogether...I haven't been real happy with this Doctors practice. 	1	5	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
84	-1	My worst nightmare, was while I was awake. My experience was simialar to the other person on this site but my father screamed untill he passed out from the pain. While unconscious Dr valle said that he would have orderlies load him in the car. Dr Valle said he was like that when he came in. He had tested my father for kidney stones and had claimed that he had none and that none showed up on the x-rays. Later when my father was catherized there was a never ending flow of kidney stones that lasted for weeks after Dr Valle claimed he had none.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
84	-1	Dr. Valle almost allowed my father to die. My father went to the emergency room in severe pain, so weak he was unable to walk. He had been sick with a slow decline in his health and had been seeing numerous Docs over a period of 6 months. Dr. Valle was the emergency room physician assigned to my father's case. After running a few blood test and an EKG. Dr. Vall wanted to release my father who was in so much pain and so weak he could not walk. My brother insisted that they at the very least transport him by ambulance to another hospital. Dr. Valle argued and stated that there was nothing wrong, after my brother screamed, yelled and insisted my father be treated, another Dr. was assigned. In the end my father was diagnosed with Accute Bacterial Endocarditis. He spent months in the hospital, with part of that time being spent in ICU. I am glad another Dr. stepped in because Dr. Vall tried to send my father home to die. My dad had every symptom and Dr.  Valle missed them all or did not care 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
85	1	Dr. Valero is by far the best oncology doctor.  He treats the patient and not just the disease.  Every cancer is different and so are people.  He doesn't just do a standard treatment for his patients.  He considers everything about them and them treats them.  He is the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	Very friendly, took time to listen. Did not rush me, made me feel like he cared.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
86	-1	WORSE BED SIDE MANNERS POSSIBLE 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	He has surpassed the person who trained him in Brain Injury Feild of Rehabilitation and getting the patient what they need, while at the same time remaining so humble in his work (that he takes faithfully very serious) he will continue to soar like the wings of an eagle while the others struggle with their own lack of faith. A clear distinguised metaphor between angels of the light and those who hide/hinder/cover up and conspire with very little faith living on the dark side.  And let me tell you Dr. Nelson Valena is fullfilled with love & light, Thanks be to God he is a blessing and I am not even sure if he really knows just how blessed he is yet.  He knows how to think outside of the box and ethically do what is right (remembering patience is a virtue and GOD always knows when just the right time is for the goodness and grace of a mighty Doctor) is to be exposed.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
88	-1	Does not work very well with patient's other established team of doctors, patients and primary care giver of the patient. Did not like to answer questions pertaining to medical care that patient was receiving. Always seemed to be very upset at at all questions that we had. In my opinion, it seems as if he feels that anyone should not ask him any questions as he is the doctor and he knows best and therefore no questioning of medical care is necessary. 	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	My wife and I had a very enjoyable experience with this dentist. We both got a thorough exam, an honest evaluation of our teeth, and a good teeth cleaning. No complaints. We highly recommend Dr. VanPelt.  signed: Jan and Sasha 	 11/13/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
89	-1	Awful experience from start to finish! Unorganized staff. Went with pain and was assured I could get that tooth looked at.  She would not look at my tooth with out a complete new patient exam and full set of xrays.  The xrays I took were &quot;too old&quot;, yet my insurance company said I could not get more done yet&#63; Paid in full for the xrays and got the exam done.  The tooth plus another needs a root canal.  I left still in pain and went to an endodontist and had the root canals done, temporaries put in. I followed up after two weeks as instructed, they can not get me in for four weeks. But the temporary is falling out. She said not to worry about it, but there is decay behind and she would not suggest filling it. It needs a new crown.  Now you tell me and I still don't have an appointment.  I called to pick up my records and they want to charge me $25. Rediculous.  	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
89	1	I'm very anxious about the crown work I am having done and she has been very comforting and patient with me.  To anyone complaining about a long wait, just remember it could be because she takes the time to comfort a patient and she will spend as much time with you or your child if it's needed.  I had what I will call a &quot;little panic attack&quot; and she stopped everything to help me.  I'm sure that had to cause her to run behind.  Her staff has always been good to me also.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
89	1	I like the personalized treatment I receive at Dr Van Pelt's Office. She explained what I needed to have done and why. I found it a welcome change to the larger office I went to where they ran people through like clockwork. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	I am new to georgetown and i was recommeded to Dr Van Pelt and I couldn't of been happier.  I broke a tooth and they were very quick about getting me in.  I am going back to next week for a crown.  Their prices are very reasonable compared to other places I have been.  I have always been very anxious about going to the dentist but Dr Van Pelt put all my worries at ease.  I look forward to going back to see her.  I even have an appointment in a few weeks to have my teeth cleaned and checked.  Her staff is very professional and polite.  I am going to recommend her to all of my friends and family.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
89	-1	.  	3	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	Great Dentist for kids! She is very experianced and the staff is friendly and helpful as well.  I highly recommend her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
89	1	I have always been terrified of the dentist office and Dr. Vanpelt comforted me. Her office is a calm and peaceful setting and everyone is very polite and friendly. I had a great experiance here and felt like Dr. Vanpelt truly cared about me.  For the first time I can truly say I cant wait to go back to the dentist! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
89	-1	This is about the most unprofessional dental practice I have ever come across.  I would not suggest this Dentist to anyone who looking for an efficient and courteous dental practice.  I had the worst experience with this office.    They cancelled my appointment on me three times.                                 They have wasted my time, my money (due lost work), and now my dental health, by their poor tactics of running a dental practice.  I will be issuing a complaint with The Texas State Board of Dentistry.  Also I told them I was going to post remarks such as this on every review system out on the net to inform other potential patients of Dr Van Pelt's disregard to her patients time.   You would think a dentist would be a little bit more respectful to other people, or better yet consumers of their services.  But I guess Dr Van Pelt doesn't have that respect.  Well now she doesn’t have me as a patient either.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Tricare
89	1	Excellent dentist who made me feel comforatable even though I dread going to the dentist and haven't for several years. Highly recommend her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	Dr. Van Pelt was very soothing in the way she worked with my 12 y/o daughter who was afraid to be at a dentists office. She also took the time to carefully explain what our options were and what the dental problems were.  	 6/3/09	5	4	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
89	1	Nice Dentist and seems to really care about her patients. Pleasent experience.  I didn't wait more than 15 minutes.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
89	-1	Very unreliable. I waited hours everytime I took my kids. I even was waiting for 30 minutes (first patient) before they told me she wouldn't be in that day. I missed work and my children missed part of school. Then, took my children to another dentist, and they had to fix some filling that Van Pelt did! I paid cash up front for services that she couldn't do right. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	Dr. Vajpayee is very thorough and a good listener for her patients and sometimes that is why you may have to wait a little longer in the exam room.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	1	Great doctor. Listens and knows her business; does not make guesses.  Recommends highly qualified specialist when necessary.  Would and have recommended this doctor to friends and family.  	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
90	1	She is one of the awesome doctors i have come across. She is very patiently listens to you and explains everything in detail and she reffers to very good specialists. I would recommend her to everyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	-1	She wrote me the wrong prescription and then lied about it. I brought this up with the staff and they laughed and told me, &quot;she always does that.&quot; I will be reporting this doctor to the texas medical board. Stay away from her.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
90	1	LOVE THE STAFF AND DR.  YES I WOULD REFER FAMILY AND FRIENDS TO THE OFFICE. EVERYONE WAS VERY CARING, THEY MAKE YOU FEEL LIKE FAMILY.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
90	1	Great doctor!  She was on time, listened to me, and was on the dot in taking care of my problem.  Highly recommend her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	1	She was attentive, knowledgable, and very caring.  Will refer her to my family and friends.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
90	-1	Doesn't seem to know much, guessing most of the time.... 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
91	-1	This person was unprofessional and I was treated poorly. I do not believe that he had any concern for me at all. I believe he was only interested in pleasing and receiving payments from the government entities whom he has contracts with. He may therefore have a blind view of your illness. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	Very good, smart, passionate about helping his patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
92	1	excellent Doctor 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	0	The staff is Rude and lazy, you will have to call over and over agian just to get something ( Requests,Medical Records ect) only to get a rude person on the phone, I dont know if the doctor knows how rude his staff is, but any time I ask to talk to someone else, I get put on hold, THEY DO NOT CARE ABOUT YOU, He might be a great doctor, but what good is that if you have a horrible staff. Im changing doctors today! I wish there was a way I could tak to him.  	1	1	1	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
93	1	Dr. Varner was the 3rd specialist I sought to find out whether I really needed surgery for a possible peroneal brevis tear.  The first doc said it was a tear, but never touched my foot.  The 2nd doc was hesitant about surgery and recommended rehab.  As a P.T. myself, he was great to work with and took time to answer a lot of the technical questions I had.  He mentioned, &quot;If it was my foot, I wouldn't let anyone touch it&quot; referring to surgery.  I don't actually sublux, but I come darn close due to lots of ankle sprains.  He mentioned I have a peroneus quartus tendon which is an accessory muscle/tendon vs. a peroneus brevis tear.  He's a responsible and wonderful doc.  :)  The best $200 I've ever spent! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	Dr. Varner is the best surgeon ever. I went to several doctors who wanted to operate on my feet right away but I went to Dr. Varner and he informed me of all of my options before attempting to sell a surgical procedure like the others did. He took so much time to explain everything I needed to know and answered all of my questions. His staff was always willing to help and are the nicest young ladies I've ever come across in a physician's office. Kudos to The Methodist Hospital and Dr.  Varner for his great job in picking a staff and taking care of patients! 		3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
93	1	Dr Varner is excited about orthopedic medicine and a very caring physician. I had an exotic problem with my ankle, he openly researched the problem and shared with me his findings and suggestions. Since my surgery, my ankle has been at or near 100%.  Thanks! 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
94	1	. VERY VERY SLOW ON FEEDBACK AND REFILLS, WOULD NOT RECOMMEND TO FRIEND 	3	3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	I used to dred my yearly eye exams. My previous doctor actually made me feel embarassed because of my poor vision. Not so with Dr. Varkey. My visits with her feel more like getting to see an old friend or family member. Her assistant Diana is just as sweet. And this location is close to my work, so I can go during my lunch hour. Highly recommend. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	Excellent bedside manner.  Dr. Varkey and her staff provided me with excellent care and her office provides the latest in technology.  Will definitely be returning.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
96	1	Dr Vallery is very thorough on every exam that she's done on our family. I feel like she is always honest and very knowledgeable.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
97	1	Wonderful experience. It's nice to finally find a doctor who cares about his patients. His knowledge and expertise were above average. You may have to wait longer than most for your appointment, but it is well worth the time! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
