dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	BEST optometrist in Lubbock! Extremely helpful &amp; knowledgeable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	. He is a great Doctor and very Caring 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	I really enjoyed my ortho exam with Dr. Farley. His entire office was so caring and helpful. He won't rush you and treated my child like one of his own. My daughter's friends love him and I can see why....he truly cares and his results prove it. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Very up to date, skilled, kind. Office organized.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
5	1	Facello is a great doctor. I met him at the start of his career and he took his time with me. I felt that he cared immensely. His demand became such that his time was compromised. Toward the end of his career I did feel that he didn't spend as much time per patient but it comes with the territory and it seems that he had personal issues. What I will say is that he adjusted my back with precision in minutes and healed 4 years of pain.. He was always appropriate with me and he quelled my pain. It is a shame that he has lost his license to even practice chiro. Have you considered DR's Without Borders, Dr. Facello&#63; if you are reading this, no one is perfect, you made mistakes, (who doesn't&#63;) but some of us really miss you. The world needs you. 	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	MISS HIM TERRIBLY...  WILL NEVER FIND ANOTHER PHYSICIAN THAT WILL TAKE CARE OF ME AS HE DID 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	-1	Dr Facello completely misdiagnosed my back.He didnt see a problem. I have since had 3 back surgeries.  	5	4	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	. He is a very kind doctor who has helped us for several years with our special needs adults!!! Very patient and understanding and doesn't rush you out of his office! 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
5	-1	This man was fined and censured by the TMB for having sex with a patient.  This patient's husband was also a patient of Facello.  He is not to be trusted, and is a home wrecker.  Please see the Tx med board site to verify! 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	. He is the man that saved my life! I love him! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	-1	I do not question Dr. Fakhri's skill, knowledgge, or ability, but every interaction that I had with his administrative/office staff has been terribly unprofessional and unorganized, from entering my name in their computer system two different ways to having two different staff members set me up with two different sleep study facilities (for the same sleep study!).  When I finally contacted them to schedule my surgery (about a month ago) I was told that they would have to call me back.  Never heard back from them.  Not surprising at this point and the list goes on...and trying to have my medical records sent to a different doctor has been no easier.  I have had to call the office numerous times for that.   I do not recommend based on poor administrative processes.  	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
6	1	I have been suffering all my life with fungal polyps and had many surgeries. I was finally sent to see him. I never knew how complex my condition was until he explained it to me. He fixed my sinuses and my quality of life is so much better. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Very thorough. Took his time with me. Evident that he is a world expert in sinus problems. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	He is very helpful, and willing to listen to my history.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	I had problem with swallow for years. He worked with other doctors cured me.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	-1	This was the worst eye appointment experience I have ever had.  Dr. Fan was very unprofessional, the office was filthy and messy, and the staff was not any better.  He dilated my eyes, I had a reaction, and passed out.  He told me I needed to eat- that my blood sugar was probably low.  I later found out that I had a reaction to the dilation.  I felt that he was completely dishonest with me about this.  Also, the staff was not efficient- I was told 3 or 4 different amounts that I owed, and finally just paid to get out of there.  Since then, they have been very difficult to work with- ordering contacts, getting copies of my prescription, etc.  Never friendly on the phone.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
9	1	Dr. Fahy's overhaul knowledge, experience and personal touch saved my life. Her staff is great and very helpful. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	She was recommended to me by a friend. Loved the experience! Easy to schedule and friendly staff. The doctor explains everything in details and offers you options and lets you decide. I will go to her as long as I am in Houston. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Had a wonderful experience.  Everyone in the office was great.  Had no problem with insurance or co-pays. Dr. Farahbod explained everything to me and the receptionist gave me a detailed explanation of all the treatment I needed with co-pay amounts for each visit.  I feel I am very prepared for my future visits.  I will recommend this dental office to my friends, collegues and family.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
10	1	A molar crown came loose.  I phoned.  Staff advised to get self-repair at drugstore.  Appointment one week later for exam.  Exam $69.00.  Second appointment one week later $221.00.  Removed crown I put in; it was very secure!  Periodontal scaling &amp; root planing.  Recemented crown.  Made appointment for 08/29/11 for full dental exam.  Full explanation of procedure.  Ratio of charges to Aetna Insurance reimbursement seemed in line.  Can answer further after next appointment.  	3	4	4	5 	Insurance:Aetna
10	0	Pros: nice place, state-of-the-art technology. Cons: She's very 'heavy handed', avoid if you are sensitive to pain. Only works 3 days a week and cancels appointments frequently.  	3	1	3	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
11	1	His staff is aweful and rude. They always make you feel like a number instead of a person. Dr. Al's office is not for someone of good health that only needs a visit once or twice a year. He has no walk-in hours. He is knowledgeable and will answer questions, but having to deal with his staff is not worth it.  	1	4	4	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
11	0	Been using him for years, but am no longer satisfied with this doctor and am searching for a new one.  	2	1	2	3 	Insurance:Medicare
11	1	 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	He is the best around! He's always caring and compassionate. I have yet to find another Doctor like him! I honestly can't see myself going to anyone else for my medical care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Dr. Al has been my physician since 2006. That same year I became pregnant with my first child.  He is also an OB.  He delievered my baby at Huguley Hosptial and everytime I have been sick or my baby was sick, I have been seen asap. NO matter how minor you think it is, he always shows compassion and concern. I will be heartbroken when we have to move out of state and I have to find another doctor. He is truely the best doctor ever. I recommend anyone to him.  He a all around General family practice doctor and can take care of anything.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
12	1	DR.AL FAIGAN D.O. & HIS STAFF ARE ONE OF A KIND. HE DELIVERED MY SON 29YRS AGO & HAS BEEN MY DR. WHEN I HAD INSURANCE TO COVER A VISIT. HE IS EXTREAMLY KNOWLEDGEABLE & ALWAYS ANSWERS YOUR QUESTIONS. HE HAS THE ABILITY TO MAKE YOU FEEL SAFE. HIS DAUGHTER WORKS THE FRONT DESK & TELLS ME THAT HE TAKES HOME PATIENT FILES A LOT TO REVIEW THEIR ILLNESS & PLANS FOR THERE BEST CARE. IF I HAVE NEEDED TO SEE A SPECIALIST HE ALWAYS FOLLOWS UP ON ME. THE DRS. HE HAS REFERRED ME TO ARE AS INFOLVED AS HE IS WITH THEIR PATIENTS CARE. IF YOU NEED A DR. THAT WILL MAKE U FEEL BETTER IN NO TIME & GET TO THE ROOT OF YOUR PROBLEM GO SEE DR.  AL !! HE IS THE BEST ! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
13	1	Excellent visits and trust him completely. I have been seeing Dr Faries for 26 years now and he has always listened, helped, and taken care of my major injuries and minor aches. He doesn't take any crap and won't sugar coat the reality of your health just to make you feel better. His concern isn't that you come out of his office feeling all hunky dory, but that your health concerns are addressed with a firm plan of action to correct, treat, and prevent present and future complications. Highly recommended, even if you have to drive to Vidor to get to him. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Wonderful doctor.  Very caring... staff is amazing...  can't say anything at all bad against Payne Pediatrics! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	The absolute best pediatrician in the Houston area. He is wonderful and really cares about you and your kids. Look no further than Dr. Fan when looking for a pediatrician. He was my pediatrician, and has been my son's pediatrician since his birth.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Dr. F is very knowledgeable, and can speak completely and accurately on topics she did not know you would bring up.  Her explanations are clear and detailed.  She does not keep you waiting and does not rush you out.   I am VERY pleased with her care and her manner, and I am NOT easily pleased! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Have been seeing Dr. Fagerberg for several years and I like her a lot. Her manner is reserved but very pleasant.  She gives good, practical advice and really listens to me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
16	1	I've been going to Dr. Fagerberg for several years and I love her! She's very professional and respectful.  She's friendly but doesn't waste time on a lot of chit-chat, which I love.  I find her to be extremely competent and quite helpful in terms of finding the appropriate treatment for particular ailments and particular situations.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	-1	It was several years ago, I had a swollen eyelid. She told me to let it swollen and just want to drove me out. I used to see another doctor before that visit, he prescribed a ointment that fixed my swollen eye in a day. Overall I have very bad experience with ARC.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Dr. Fagerberg appears to always be on top of the latest trends in medicine.  She is always helpful and willing to try new things.  She diagnosed a liver virus I had that no one else could find.  	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
16	-1	Awful doctor. Had her for two LONG years and she misdiagnosed several problems I had. Also, she did not perform tests that needed to be done, thus I got sicker.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	She is amazing! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	 	3	3	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	0	I have been with this doctor for 2 yrs. and am finally changing to a more compassionate, reliable physician. Prescription refills take forever to be filled; even my pharmacist is disgusted. All I require is pain management for my disease &amp; I've been on the same meds for 2 yrs. Yet he will take up to a week to respond; while I can only lay in bed racked with pain &amp; withdrawals.  	1	4	1	4 	Insurance:Aetna
19	-1	I blind chose Dr. Farnie from a list. Normally when I am there I see 3-4 students, which is ok but I expect to spend time with my physician alone to discuss my case - not happening. The person who I though was a nurse is actually a unprofessional medical assistant with no knowledge of policy, procedures or handling workman compensation cases. All my paperwork was incomplete and I had to constantly call over and over for 5 weeks to get paperwork completed while I am off work and NOT recieving a check! Need forms completed to return to work - this process again is a simple, but the person whom I thought was a nurse dropped the ball again. Dr. Farnie never returns your calls, he do not take the time to communicate with the patients he talks to the students instead and he is the worst on federal workman compensation cases. I do not recommed him at all. It is like a 3 ring circus trying to get a straight answer, paperwork complete or any professional help.  Find someone else! 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
19	1	Dr. Farnie and his staff was extremely helpful. I didn't have to wait in the patient room for a extended period of time the doctor came right in and went to work. He check all points and made sure all basis were covered.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	Farnie is competent and compassionate. The use of a resident/medical student for the primary examination is because this is a medical school clinic. You basically get the knowledge of two doctors for the price of one. I have used Dr. Farnie for more than five years. I have found him responsive to my concerns. He takes the time to explain procedures and conditions. I would recommend him and University of Texas Physicians highly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
19	-1	A resident did my exam.  The resident did an excellent job, but unfortunately the problem I had (have) was still unresolved.  I called back to find out what I should do next to get the problem solved.  I was told by a nurse that Dr Farnie said that there was NO plan for me.  I said well I need help for this problem.  She said they already did a test and it was not what they thought so sometimes we have pains that just don't go away.  I told her to tell Dr. Farnie I needed help and it wasn't just some silly pain.  She grudgingly got him to agree to a referral but he had no interest in my problem whatsoever.  He barely looked at me or listened to me for more than 2 minutes or so and completely left everything up to the resident.  I changed insurances so I could get my sweet doctor back that I had before.  I do NOT recommend this one.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	-1	He might know but he won't see you. You have to deal with a student and he just approves whatever the student says. He does not examine the patient neither explain anything. He does not return calls or follows up on treatment. The whole thing feels like a circus. Horrible experience. I won't recommend to my enemy.  		2	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
19	1	Excellent doctor, very knowledgeable, patient and kind. He is like doctors used to be. I highly recommend him.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
20	1	Dr. Fanous has been extremely helpful! I am a first time mother and have so many questions. Dr. Fanous always has an answer for me and explains things very well. He always responds to my emails and is always willing to see me if I have any questions or concerns.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
20	1	I was referred to Dr. Fanous. With this being my first pregnancy, I was pretty nervous about my appointments and what all was going to happen. Dr. Fanous has made me feel very comfortable and always asks if I have any remaining questions after each appointment. I highly recommend him.     Monica M. 	3	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	I love Dr. Fanous!!! He is a wonderful doctor! He was my doctor with my first pregnancy, and now my second.  He has great bedside manners, very professional, genuinely caring and just overall a great doctor! I definitely recommend him to any woman that needs an OB! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
20	1	He is very attentive, punctual and very professional. I just love Dr. Fanous. I recommended him to my niece she is very happy with his professionalism. I recommend him to any woman who needs an OB.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
20	1	Dr.Fanous is very knowledgable in his field. During my visits he answers all my questions and comforts me about my concerns. Would recommend him to a family memeber or friend.               -Jennifer Salinas 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
21	1	Dr Fallon is no longer at UAB in Birmingham. 	5	3	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	she doesn't listen to patient.write same prescription ever time i visit her.I'm trying to change my family physician.staff are so rude on the phone and also at the office.i don't recommend them to any one.most of her patients are from different countries who don't speak English very well and have medicaid.they are good target for her to make money.keep sending them to lab and take different tests and x-rays and medicaid pays good for all these. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	I realy lucked out when I found Dr. Farzam 10 years ago. I had just moved to Tx. and was 7 months pregnant with my first pregnancy,twins. He's the only Dr. that would take me. I had to have an emergancy C-Section on the fourth of July and was so scared because I was by myself. He told me it would be ok and walked me through it step by step. He is the most wonderful doctor I have ever encountered and possibly the most wonderful man. He is very easy to talk to,explains everything completely and in a way that can be understood. A year after my twins he delivered my son and 10 years later he delivered my beautiful baby girl who is now 6 weeks old and he did so beautifully. In my opinion he is the best Dr. in his field of expertise. He is a Master of the Medicine that he practices. No other doctor could even come close to comparing to him. There is not enough time to tell you how wonderful of a doctor this man is but he is. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Dr Farzam delivered our first son on Thanksgiving in '03. He helped make the whole pregnancy experience great by clearly answering all our questions, not being rushed, and demonstrating a genuine care for his patients. Later, we had a miscarriage and, again, his compassion and understanding helped make the experience more bearable. My wife and I both highly recommend Dr. Farsam.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Excellent doctor.  Very compassionate, excellent bedside manner. Takes time with patients, very rare these day.  Always on call for his patients, never referred to another attending physician.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	Kristyn is a very personable, knowledgeable, and friendly physician.  She has treated me with the attention and concern necessary to handle my complex medical history, and at the same time has been careful in assesment and assignment of treatments.  She is kind and an excellent listener, and overall her manners and abilities as a physician are top notch. 	4	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Dr. Fabuyi is the 3rd Pulmonary doctor I have gone to, and he is the very best.  He treated me very well, and my breathing problems have improved a 100%. Thanks Dr. fabuyi, today I am able to play with my children.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	Wonderful dermatologist, kind, compassionate, and personable. Appointments must be made far in advance due to her popularity, which is frustrating if you have an issue that needs t be evaluated more promptly. Dr. Farmer would be happy to fit you in if a &quot;suspicious mole&quot; pops up, but it takes arguing a bit with the staff. 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	0	O do NOT recommend this doctor. He played down my mother's concerns when she requested an earlier than scheduled mammogram and was clearly displaying signs of early stage breast cancer.  As a result, she was diagnosed with stage 3 invasive cancer at her mammogram.   This doctor shows no compassion or care for his elderly patients! 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Medicare
27	1	Have to say my experience with Dr. Falk was tremendous.  He is one fo very few doctors that still take their time getting to really know their patients and put any concerns at ease.  My first visit to im was a good hour and the first half of it was he and I in his office just so he could learn about me and any concerns I had.  He is a fantastic doctor and I am proud to say he delivered me as a baby and would have him deliver all of my children if he were still delivering babies but he no longer does that..He is fantastic for all other needs.   I would recommend him again and again! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	-1	This doctor plays down any symptom you have and does not listen to a word you say.  He thinks everything you say is an over reaction.  Told me there was no way I was menopausal, changed doctors and was told I am post menopausal.  	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
28	1	He is a special doctor,someone you can always count on. I wanna thank him for being there for me when Ive needed him. He is number#1 just the best of the best!!! Love, Parkins 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Doctor Faries is a great doctor! He always makes me feel better and he is very caring! If you ate looking for a doctor with knowledge and an excellent friendly. staff Doctor Faries is a great choice! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
29	1	Dr. Ron Faries has literally saved my life, I have been suffering with back pain for many years. Doc Ron as I call him took the time to diagnose my issues and work with them one by one, not like every quack I’ve seen in which the first thing they want you to do is surgery!! Doc Ron told me up front that this wasn’t going to be an easy fix and never made false promises during the adjusting stages of treatment. I can honestly say it was a long battle over the years and anything at this point was an option and thank god i went to the right guy cause it truly makes a difference. After a few months of treatment I feel so much better , I can sleep all night without the pain, most of all I can do my job without the agonizing constant pain I have felt for years. I just want to say thanks to Doc Ron and his staff for the excellent care they have given me. Anyone who needs help with back or neck issues NEEDS to see my new best friend Doctor Ron Faries.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
29	-1	Do not go to this chiropractor!!!!  He is dishonest and did not help me at all.  Stay away 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	. Dr Faries adjusted my neck while I had a concusion and put me on the rolling bed after i asked him not too i also had a heatoma on my spine he caused more damage his staff quit on him and did not file the insurance properly to pay him and then the jerk went to court lied under oath about receiving money from my insurance which he did before he forgot to sen the other bills in and i was not allowed to submit the letter from united healthcare stating it was his error not mine he won the suit and his attorney charged out services around 5000 now he is filing a judgement against my credit I am disabled gramma with Muscular Dystrophy please dont use this doctor he is a lying cocky arrogant man and God willing he will be punished for his lies when his business fails 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
29	1	I have a condition which requires for me to be treated by many doctors. My favorite doctor that I frequent is Dr. Faries. Every visit I have to his clinic is pleasant! He always shows concerns for my health and shares his knowledge with me and the treatment plan to reach my goals to feel better! His staff is friendly and fun and always upbeat! Dr. Faries is the most caring Doctor I have! He always makes me feel better and he takes such great care of me and my medical needs! I feel very blessed to have this doctor care for and treat me! I highly recommend Dr. Faries and his entire staff! There is no better Chiropractor in TEXAS! You can count on Dr. Faries for all your chiropractor needs and you will feel outstanding after you visit his clinic! I vote for Dr.  Faries for top chiropractor in the whole world! :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	They found someone with conveniently the same first and last name as me, then proceeded to fill in the rest of the information with very ancient information that used to be mine and charged me for a visit before I was even a patient with the doctor. I believe this is some sort of fraud and legal action is going to be taken against this practice. I wouldn't recommend him as someone you would return to because this devious practice will probably be shut down soon. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	I really like this doctor.  He really know shis stuff.  I have been to 3 chiropractors in the past and none of them were able to help me. Then I found Dr. Faries.  He knew exactly what I needed and I am now a new person.  I will definately be coming back for tune ups and I have already sent 5 people to him who are very impressed.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	Very friendly and profession Doctor. Explained treatment and care. Helped me get back to work quickly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
29	-1	Dr. Faries staff was very unknowledgable. They could not expalin what I was paying for and were unwilling to help when insurance didn't pay.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
29	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Great Doctor, friendly staff. Thanks for your help Dr.  Faries! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
30	1	have not seen this doctor, would like to know a little about him, he was recomended by Dr. Baker who is no longer in pratice at Scott & White, Temple 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	went there with a sinus infection. prescribed me cough medicine that doesn't do anything but give me a headache. called a day later, asked for something else. they told me to get a bunch of otc meds. So instead of prescribing me something else (costs me $5 for each prescription) that actually works, he told me to get a bunch of otc's that would cost me upwards of $35 for it all. Not helpful at all.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
31	-1	Saw him for coughing from sinus drip. He prescribed cough suppressant, when that did not help, he told me to try the OTC stuff which I had told him at my visit I had already done and it wasn't effective and he told me to go see a different doctor.  He did not tell me to go see a specialist or see a doctor that might be able to help me in a more specific way.  Simple as that, he told me to go see a different doctor if what he advised me to do didn't work.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
32	1	My whole family has used Dr.Farkas from dayone of his practice.We find him very knowledgeable in all aspects.Just a great and very professional Dentist,and his staff is wonderful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
32	1	Wonderful dentist and I am the hardest patient to numb and comfort. He is the greatest dentist you will ever experience!! Like sitting in your own living room relaxing and having your teeth worked on in pure unstressful comfort! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	This doctor has always helped me and has provided the right diagnosis and never hesistates to answer all my questions. I am completely statisfied by him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Love Dr.Farris and his staff.Myself and entire family has seen Dr.Farris at one time or another over the years.One year my daughter's school called as they suspected she had a ringworm and she could not go back to school without a doctor's diagnosis.Dr.Farris' staff was kind enough to get her in on an emergency basis for diagnosis and she was back to school the next day.A yearly exam is a must for us and Dr.Farris has always been so thorough and very helpful with his explanations at every visit.My kids love him and he explains things to them in a way they can understand and is very tolerant with their many questions.Our visits have been A++ from the time we walk in to the time we walk out.Visits have never been rushed like some &quot;doc in a box&quot; offices are nowadays. Nothing but high praise!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
34	1	Accepted Medicare with Tricare for Life.  He and his staff were very helpful.  The appointment was made without any issues.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
34	1	Doug Farris is a personable doctor who does a good job listening and explaining. He spends more time with me than do most of my doctors and doesn't try to rush the visit. If you have a skin blemish that you want removed, he'll remove it without making you feel vain. 		5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	The staff was extremely helpful and courteous.  They called to check on me the day before to ensure I was properly prepared for my procedure.  Dr. Fajardo made himself available to me before and after the procedure to answer any questions. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Great doctor all around. Very knowlagable and friendly. He relates information well on the patients level. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	Because my referral was not there when I arrived, my own dr's fault, Dr.Fain's office made me wait until they had seen everybody else in the office.Even though they received my referral.  I am disabled and the longer I sit the more my backs hurt. Once I was in an exam room, Dr. Fain went into his office and I overheard him tell his nurse that since I had canceled a previous surgery, he was just going to sit back there and take his time. He referred to me as a no show. He has no compassion whatsoever.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
37	1	I am seeing Dr. Fanning again for my second pregnancy and I wouldn't go to anyone else. He is great.  His staff is the most friendly people I've encountered in a drs office.  I highly recommend  Dr. Fanning to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
37	1	Wife has preeclampsia, and on bedrest in the hospital. Dr. Fanning saw us through a miscarriage and this pregnancy. I had issues and concerns that after we sexed the baby, we never had another sono until 35 weeks when preeclampsia developed. Now in the hospital, wife has been on bedrest for 10 days and not getting many answers. I believe that he is knowledgeable, but his bedside manner is lacking. My main issue is that she is lying in bed, miserable and not getting any real answers as to what is the next step. When asked if there was a time frame, the only answer was that we would see if we could hold off another 7 days.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	I have been a patient of his for over 5 years. He's always been friendly, warm, and seems to genuinely care about his patients. He takes the time time talk to me about any questions or concerns I have without making me feel rushed. He's truly a great doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	. DR FANNING AND HIS STAFF IS AMAZING! WOULD CHANGE FOR ANYTHING! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	0	The Dr. was very rude and short with his staff. He had bad bedside manner. You feel like he doesn't care. Its just a job. 	4	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
38	-1	Although I am unaware of an emergency room doctor's inability to do much about mental health issues, I cannot express how rude and unprofessional this doctor was. I was 16 years old, and I just needed a little help. When I asked him about my meds, about my problem.. he said: &quot;I know nothing about it&quot; in a joking, mocking kind of way. He did not take my problem as a real concern. If you are looking for compassion, look for someone else. If you are looking for someone who obeys their hippocratic oath, look for someone else. He is the definition of everything wrong with our doctors today.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
39	1	She is so nice!! Explains everything thoroughly and is available all the time. She has helped me stay clean for 4 months and will work with you and adjust your prescription as needed. The first appt i had to wait a while and the paperwork was a little overkill but totally worth it! Now if I cannot make it in she will even do a phone appt to work with my busy schedule. Recommend her 100% 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	dr farag is a wonderful dr. her staff is the best my wait time  was about 10 min. she is highly recommended 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	I disagree with that person whose mother overdosed. Dr Farag Is very caring and responsiblel. She saved me from my addiction and when i needed pain medication, she gave it to me for a short period and then I went back on my detox med....It was your mother's choice to do that..and I bet she bought some med from the net or the streets 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Dr. Farag is compassionate, caring, and super knowledgeable.  	 4/29/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	-1	Since I'm not able to have her license revoked, I will post my thoughts on here.  My mother had been seeing this doctor to help ease her addiction to prescription pain meds....after a knee injury when the hospital doctors wouldn't send her home with pain meds, she went to see Dr. Farag who as a &quot;doctor&quot; knew of her addictions...STILL prescribed her 100 pills of morphine and 80 pills of phenergan....HA!  WHAT A GREAT DOCTOR YOU ARE!  A few weeks later, SHE OVERDOSES!  GREAT JOB DR. FARAG!  YOU ARE CERTAINLY LIABLE!  BUT THANKS TO THE GOOD OLE LAW MAKERS I'M NOT ABLE TO FIND A LAWYER TO TAKE MY CASE! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Very sincere and effective psychiatrist. Helped me improve my quality of life. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	I was impressed by the doctor's knowledge and professionalism.  She isa a very efficient and nice person 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
39	0	i waited in the waiting room for an hour and a half! besides this, the appointment itself went well but a week later when i was experiencing panic attacks from a lowered dosage- her staff would call me with &quot;messages&quot; and would not let me talk to the doctor. they said i had to make an appointment for doctor consultation. plus the doctor said it was a side effect.... which makes no sense since i was lowering my dosage. bad service- and rude staff. i would like to reach my doctor if i am having problems with my medications. 	3	1	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
40	0	.  	3	1	2	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
40	-1	BEWARE.... this office cheats you on your insurance and never returns your phone calls for any issues your having. The doctor is so concerned with his lypo / plastic surgery stuff, he needs to stop doing OB Work.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	Dr. Farmer is wonderful. After many doctors and tests, he finally diagnosed an issue I've had for over 16 yrs. Your intial appointment will take at least an hour as he will take you into his office to talk with you about what issues and concerns you're having. He will ask lots of questions and encourage you to ask many as well. Be honest with him, no matter how personal or embarrassing his questions. He will then examine you based on your discussion with him. He really cares about each patient and his staff is very kind and helpful. Wonderful OBGYN. Excellent Reproductive Specialist. I won't go to another OBGYN again. If he ever moves, I will follow him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	Dr. Suarez takes very good care of me and my eyes.  I have diabetes and it's a good thing I have her as my eye doctor, otherwise I might be blind.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	Unusual compassion, spent more time with me than expected.  Great patient caring.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
42	1	Excellent professionalism. Attentive staff and informative. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	I am a geriatric patient of Dr. Fagan and there is no one better in the field of dermatology and skin cancer.  I have met few physicians as caring and knowlegable as he is. His staff is equally caring and knowledgeable.  Thanks Doctor Fagan 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
42	0	invasive surgery in an open, unhygenic office environment, did not ensure anesthesia had kicked in and made errors that required patient to be rushed back in for four different corrective procedures within a week's time.  three weeks later, patient died of collective trauma/shock(hospice assessment). dr. did not thoroughly read patient's chart or have a pre-op visit to understand patient's condition and tolerance for such extensive (or error-ridden) procedure. surgical tech/asst were the only after hours support available throughout weekend. possible that patient would have been better served in a hospital setting with nurses/doctors available to clean wounds/change dressings for this geriatric, diabetic patient. overall, can't tell if dr lacked knowledge or was repeatedly burning the candle at both ends. worry about other seniors going through the same thing. dr came highly recommended from two minor surgery patients.  	4	2	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	Dr. Farmar recently closed her practice (in 2010) to do some kind of HcG hormone weight loss practice.   She referred her patients to Dr. Phyllis Gee in Plano.   I haven't switched over and had only gone to Dr. Farmar twice before she closed the practice.  I could tell it was winding down; there were hardly ever any other patients on the days I went.   Loved Izzy her nurse! 	4	4	3	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
43	0	The staff at this office is incompetent at best. I went for my well woman check and was not supposed to be charged for that and they charged me 10%. Then they told me I needed my mamogram and bone density and these are supposed to be covered by my insurance. Not only did I NOT get me results until I questioned them but they wanted to charge me 80.00 for that. All of that is covered 100% with Cigna. I have now switch to Dr Garrett Gaqrner and have had NO billing issues. Also whe I wanted to ask her questions about medications she told me that that was an extended visit. Really&#63; Because I waited on you for an hour and a half and you could not address my prescription for Wellbutrin that I received for menopause symptoms. I found this doctor and her office to be very unprofessional and rude. I would not recommend her to anyone.  	1	1	1	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
43	1	My mom and I have been going to Dr. Farmar for years. Her and her nurse Izzy are the best! They are so helpful, kind and willing to help you in what ever way they can. I had 2 procedures done with Dr. Farmar not to mention all my annuals. She is usually running behind so be prepared to wait but like the other posts said it is because she will take the time with you once you are in the exam room. Dr. Farmar and Izzy are worth the wait though, they are very easy to talk to and they do not judge you.  	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
43	1	Dr. Farmar is amazing, wonderful bedside manner. Really straight forward, takes the time to explain everything that is going on and dosent make you feel like she is rushing to get to another patient. She made me feel so comfortable and so did the rest of the staff.  I knew right from the first visit that this is deffinatly the OB/GYN that I want to continue seeing, I have been to a few! Overall amazing staff/good people! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
43	1	Dr. Farmar is an excellent Dr. I went in to have the Novasure procedure done. While visiting with her, she made me feel very comfortable, as if I were visiting with a friend rather than a doctor.  I had the procedure done yesterday and feel nothing short of spectacular today. She gave me the signs to watch for, I knew what to expect before, during and after the procedure and all went as planned. Her nurse called me this morning to check on me and honestly, I wasn't surprised to hear from them. Her whole staff is so upbeat, happy to see me when I walk in the door, remember me by name and they all genuinely care about their patients. Even the woman I spoke to for the equipment company that brings the Novasure machine said she was thinking about switching to Dr. Farmar as her own Dr.! I just can't say enough good things about her and her staff! I am so impressed!! I would recommend her to my best friend.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
43	1	Very knowledgeable and caring; open and honest.  But she does take her time with her patients (which is great, but I sat in the waiting room for over and hour before I was even put in an exam room and spent 2 hours altogther from the time I got there to the time I left).  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
43	1	Always knowledgable and interested in what is going on with the patient.  She has been my doctor for years.  Missed out on her delivering my last baby since she quit the OB side of her practice, but came right back to her afterward for annual checkups.  I would never see anyone else, and tried many other doctors before finding her.   She's worth the wait! 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
43	1	She is the best obgyn I have ever had. She is easy to talk to & very down to Earth. I love her & her staff.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
43	1	Best OBG I've ever seen. She is down to earth and makes going to the OB not so uncomfortable.  Love her! 		2	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
43	1	wonderful, highly recommend. I had novasure done with great results, dr farmar was able to do this minimally invasive procedure instead of hysterectomy.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	Very down to earth, easy to talk to, and knows her specialty. She is awesome but there is a wait usually because she takes her time with you.  Highly recommend! 		3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
44	-1	Staff doesn't return calls. You never get to see the doctor just a nurse. Poor history of previous visits. Impossible to get an appointment. 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	Did not help me at all.  He more or less told me there was nothing he could do.  Made an appt. with another oral surgeon and he had the problem fixed within 30 minutes.  I would NOT recommend Dr. Farr to anyone.  His solution was to rinse with salt water, when I needed oral surgery. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Staff is the best you can find anywhere. Nurse takes great care of you and answers all calls within 24 hours. Dr Fakhri is very pleasant and knowledgeable. She likes to cover all bases and order tests just to make sure. They both remember who you are and your history. 	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	Have been going to Dr. Farooq for many years now. Very good doctor, and staff. The only negative is wait time. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	-1	. not helpful at all 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	I can honestly say with all my heart that Dr. Farrow and her team are the most ideal representatives of their field. They aided me through two pregnancies and C-sections (breech babies) and even if I move to Antarctica, I will continue to see Dr. Farrow if we ever decide to have another baby. She is extremely knowledgeable,empathetic, patient, and above all, extremely skilled. She is a little meek and quiet, but I feel like she is truly listening to every concern I have. If you need an excellent OBGYN who is dedicated to her craft and to her patients, call Dr. Farrow. She will be on my Christmas card list forever.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	Her and her staff were excellent!I was very pleased with how I was treated.Very knowledgeable,compassionate and easy to talk to.I highly recommend her to everyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	I love Dr. Farrow.  Now my daughters go to her, and she could not be more caring and patient.  She takes a personal interest in each patient and is never rushed.  She is very thorough in her examinations and asks all the right questions.  I highly recommend her.  I know doctors that actually go to her too.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
48	1	Dr. Farrow is THE BEST! She has such a calm, reassuring demeanor, and is such a gentle soul, that she always makes me feel comfortable and in good hands. She has seen me through 2 pregnancies, 2 normal deliveries, and all that goes with all that. I've sent all my friends there, and everyone loves her! I'd never go anywhere else if I needed an OB/GYN. She's so nice, never rushes you or makes you feel like your asking a stupid question, or over-reacting during the emotional time after having a baby.   You'll love her!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
48	0	When I first went to see Dr. Farrow, she was kind and gentle. However, the second time she was rude and hurried in her examination and insisted that I take some medications I was uncomfortable with. So, I'm guessing she is moody at times. I don't know much about her surgical skills though but I sure would not like to find out. Once I had some complications and was scheduled for a scan two weeks later. The scanning is done in office twice a week and is always overbooked. If somebody had severe complications, they could die before reaching the scanning date. If you want a kind compassionate doctor who would listen and explain things please go to someone else.  	4	3	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	I have had many bad experiences with past OBGYN's who made me feel very uncomfortable and were just disrespectful, until I met Dr. Julie Farrow :)!      Dr. Julie Farrow is by far the BEST OBGYN I have ever gone to!! She is an expert in her field and does an amazing job with surgeries!! She has preformed 2 surgeries on me, one being removal of my appendix, and made the tinniest incision so you can barely even tell I had anything operated on my stomach!! Her technic is flawless and she actually listens and cares for her clients, at least from my experiences with her. She would always call me back with any questions I had and made me feel very comfortable during exams. I would recommend all my friends and family to her and if I ever move back to Texas, she will 100% be my first choice as an OBGYN! Anyone looking for the best, go to Dr.  Farrow!!  - Lacey 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	Love this Dr! I was with her praticing partner but switched to Dr Farrow for insurance purposes. She took great care of me through my pregnancy which was at times at risk and delivered my son.  She is caring and gives me the extra time when I needed it.  The office staff also reflects her style of practice, very professional and polite.  When she is late or unavalible due to surgery she apologizes personally and quickly gets back to me.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	She's been very supportive during the whole of my pregnancy. Very comforting. Spends time and listens to you, doesn't rush like some others doctors. She made my pregnancy so easy.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
48	0	I saw Dr. Farrow for my first ever pelvic exam. She made me wait for over an hour before coming in and I thought that's ok as long as she spends that much time with me too this being my first appointment. She answered some questions before the exam and kept reassuring me. But when the exam began, she pretty much plunged the speculum in and I was in so much pain, I kept asking her to stop repeatedly. She simply REFUSED and said that if she had to restart, it would take twice as long and she has a schedule to follow as well. I kept wincing and asking her to stop the entire time and she kept saying 2 more minutes, 2 more minutes. I was left emotionally scarred after this exam and I will definitely never go back to her again. She should have been more patient with me and also retracted immediately when I said I was in pain. Horrible doctor. Please pick someone else if you need gentle care.  	2	2	3	3 	Insurance:Unicare
48	1	Dr. Farrow was amazing. She was always very concerned for me and was very compassionate. I had to switch insurance otherwise I would still be there. She handled all of my questions without ever making me feel silly. If you need a great Dr. you should see her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
48	1	Dr. Farrow and her staff are great! I've never had to wait a long time when I go for appointments. She's answered every one of my questions throughout my pregnancy. Also, I called her office one day when I had spotting at the beginning of my pregnancy. She called me back instead of a nurse. She made me feel a lot better and even had me come in for an ultrasound on the following business day! She's never rushed me through an appointment. When she asks questions, they are genuine and they don't feel &quot;routine&quot;.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	I love Dr. Farrow! She delivered both of my boys.  She came in to deliver my first son on a week-end and she wasn't even on call! She's very warm, friendly, and considerate of her patients! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	I have seen Dr. Farrow for several years, and now I have my 2 daughters seeing her. (They are in their early 20's). She is very punctual, and if she has had to keep me waiting because she is in surgery, she has apologized profusely. She is exceptionally perceptive, has called me at home to give me test results, and she is extremely concerned and empathetic. We all adore her and find her very wise counsel! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	-1	This doctor is rude, insensitive, hurried, and just plain mean. I was 11 weeks pregant after a prior miscarriage and multiple fertility treatments and called Dr. Farrow (who was on call for my OB) because I was gushing red blood. Dr. Farrow explained to me in an apathetic tone that she wasn't going to meet me at the ER &quot;for that.&quot; This woman should lose her license. She is a royal %$^& and I'd encourage you to look elsewhere if you want a compassionate physician.  		4	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
49	1	I visited another cardiologist in Sugar Land, who performed numerous &quot;high-tech&quot; tests, but still could not explain my high blood pressure.  She gave me some medicine and said it was hereditary.  I went Faulkner for a second opinion, and he SAVED my life.  After a quick physical exam, checking my pulses, he suspected I had a coarctation of the aorta.  The CT scan confirmed it and he recommended surgery.  I had a successful surgery and my heart is better than I was born with --- literally!  I'm so thankful for Dr. Faulkner's no fuse approach to medicine.  He knows his stuff! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	0	not very good at patient relations 	1	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	Very down to earth doctor. He really cares and is the best in his field. The best radiologist in the rio grande valley. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	-1	Careless, prolongs diagnostic and office visits when he knows that one test will determine the need for surgery.   During rotator cuff surgery, the loop that holds the tendon out of the way was not removed causing severe pain and potential nerve damage.   Complete wanton negligence.  The office staff is rude.  They won't even work with you on an insurance billing issue so that they can get paid for surgery.  I have used the group of doctors in the past and recommended the office.   That trust is destroyed.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	Dr. Fagelman did a reverse shoulder replacement on my right shoulder and the outcome has been much better than I had felt possible. The mobility is greater than he told me I could expect. He is one of the most professional and personable physicians that I have ever dealt with. Obviously, I am most pleased with my surgery. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	-1	I would not recommend this doctor. She is not at all personable and every time I went in for my 15 min med check, I felt like I was inconveniencing her. She didn't seem to care about me as a person at all. I also had MANY problems with her not calling in prescriptions, giving the wrong amount of refills, and even charging me for calling in a prescription because I was due for an appointment (even though I already had one scheduled at the time). I have never changed psychiatrists unless I am moving to a new city, but this will be a first. 	4	5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
52	0	Zero people skills. Looks at her notes rather than at you when you ask her questions. Sort of makes you feel like you're an object rather than a person. Maybe this is a bit harsh, but I guess I expect more personal respect from a physician. She may be a good person and she may care, I just didn't feel she really showed this. She prescribed me Lamictal, which worked great. The other two things she prescribed didn't work well. It's so hard to tell if a psychiatrist is knowledgeable, so she may very well be. However, I'm switching to another psychiatrist. The $75 is for a 15-minute medication check. 	5	5	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	 	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Dr. Fath removed my appendix, on 12-24-2011 early in the morning by 5:00pm I was home with my family enjoying Christmas Eve.  My recovery was fast. Thank you Dr.  Fath 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	AWESOME!!  Wonderful bedside manner, a great guy, really cares for his patients, never in a hurry, and is always willing to lend an ear.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	This Dr has been treating my mother for several years and is the best in TX 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	My wife and I both use Dr. Farley. She is a great listner and down to earth. Even though she is a busy Dr. she doesn't mind spending the time with us.  We are both very pleased with the service and care that she and her staff gives us! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
56	1	I love this Dr. She makes you feel very comfortable and she listens to you.For years I've tried to get my husband to see someone.He finally gave in and came to Dr.Farley. He was very pleased and recommends her to everyone.Our 2yr old sees her as well.As most kids, he's sometimes scared and she is so patient with him.Her nurse is also wonderfuland the whole office staff is GREAT.She is a MUST HAVE DR. !!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
57	1	He's my OB very funny yet professional at the same time. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	. Amazing doctor and funny makes you feel comfortable and honest 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
58	1	I would highly recommend Dr. Falkstein    He helped diagnose my son with Aspergers syndrome and to start to get the services he needs. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	Horrible office staff. HORRIBLE. They mis-prescribed me twice and when I complained the receptionist became the gatekeeper and there was noone to complain to but her.  Then my 76 year old father went (it was close for him) and they messed up his blood work twice as well.  The first time they lost it (LOST IT!) and the 2nd time they didn't draw enough for the test (DIDN'T DRAW ENOUGH!)--These are professionals&#63;  Run far from this practice.  Even if it's close and convenient---find another Dr.   HIS STAFF STINKS! 	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	Great Doctor. Very detailed and will spend time with you. Doesn't try and rush you out the door to get to the next patient. I have 2 children, 3 & 6, and they like him very much. He's done a better job treating my sons asthma than our own pediatrician was doing. I have always had major anxiety when it comes to going to the Dr. I'm more relaxed at Farley Family Medicine than I've been in years.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
60	1	Very professional, cares for his patients well being.    He answered my questions and listened to my concerns.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
60	1	Best Doctor ever.  Have been seeing him for almost 9 years.  My daughter loves and trusts him.  From the very first app. he knew her name and spoke to her directly.  I know other patients, and every kid is sure they are his favorite.  Staff are always friendly and helpful and have always fit us in when we needed to see him on very short notice.  This doctor went to great trouble to become a provider for our new insurance when we had to switch to a new company.  We did not want to have to see somebody else and he went above and beyond to make sure that we could stay.   You just could not have a more concerned and knowledgable doctor for you little one! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
61	1	She was very attentive to my problem and so personable too. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	Excellent.... and Gorgeous too!!! Although she looks very young I found her to gave a excellent exam and she is a very competent and professional practitioner. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	-1	This is one of the worst doctors I have been to. She was rude, and unwilling to listen. It three phone calls one office visit and a week and a half for her to call my pharmacy back. Her front office staff is unfamiliar with policy and procedures. She was argumenative, and her bedside manner I found to be quite cold. I was very displeased with how I was treated.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
62	-1	This doctor was very short with me, and her bedside manner was atrocious. She failed to discuss options for how to treat any of my problems. She gave me the name of a psychiatrist, when that is certainly not what I needed. I would never visit her again, and would strongly encourage others to seek a different doctor. This was hands-down the worst experience I have ever had with a doctor.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
62	0	. very formal 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	-1	Dr. Farris a very judgemental individual who sets certain criteria in his own mind about who is the &quot;perfect patient&quot; and who he will accept.  If you have pain medications prescribed by a pain speicilist he will degrade you and ostracize you for taking the medication though you are obviously not overmedicated.  You can walk in alert and oriented, walking perfect, talking fine, and acting normal and NOT HIGH.  But when he sees you take pain meds he throws you out of his office and refuses to run any tests to find out what diagnoses you may have that is causing your pain.  He is the poorest excuse for a doctor I have ever met.  He has no compassion and is judgemental with a god complex and is all knowing though he has never met you before.  He refuses to communicate with the patient and judges you by the paper you wrote on. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	been going to him for 18 years and wouldn't see anyone else. 	3	3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	Dr Fader is very sweet but his staff are absolutely horrible. Very, very unprofessional, unhelpful, and rude. They gossip in front of the entire waiting room. The billing lady especially is very very rude and mean. Very difficult to deal with when you are worried about your child. It is too bad since Fader is such a nice guy. That may be partially why his staff is the worst in the state, though--he is too nice to do anything about them. 	1	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	He is very knowledgeable and he has a good bedside manner. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Dr. Farrior is a great pediatrician! We've never had a long wait in his office, they have always been able to see my child the same day and have a nurses line to answer any questions. The doctor is very thorough with my child and is very helpful.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	He's the best psych doc in town. He doesn't try and dope you up on pills, he understands addiction and works with you to help tackle the root of your issue. He is very compassionate and responsive. I highly recommend him. His office staff are cool and he never keeps me waiting in the lobby. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Dr. Farhat was the first doctor to actually find the root problem of my pain, and performed deep shots that has kept me off of pain medication for one to two years at a time.  All previous specialists I've been to has only prescribed physical therapy, TENS unit therapy, pain medications,... which lowered the pain, but never removed the pain as Dr. Farhat has done.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
68	1	I went through many referrals to physical therapy with TENS units to all sorts of medicine, but upon referral to Dr Farhat, he diagnosed the actual problem causing my back pain when all others did not.  He stopped all my back pain for 2 years with a single deep shot and I went off all pain meds during that time.  Since then, that type of shot does not work well for me anymore, but the trigger point injections totally relieve my pain for months.  He and his associate team together where the other is the anesthesiologist.  He is patient and takes the time to explain everything to you. He is of the opinion that surgery is the very last resort when all else fails.  I would highly recommend Dr. Farhat.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
68	-1	Dr. Farhat simple could not understand the pain issues and gave advice that was incorrect. He is not very knowledgeable about pain management and has very little concern for the patient. He was eager to move on to his next patient and was not focusing on his current patient's needs. I do not recommend this doctor for anything.  	 11/23/07	4	4	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	-1	Dr Farley saw my MRI and sent me to PT. After a few weeks in PT I tried to call him 4 times and left messages to call me but I never received a call back. Unreal...I've never seen anything like it. wasted 4 weeks of my time $$$$ and he can't return multiple calls. Go somewhere else... 	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Dr. Farley is absolutely wonderful!  When I was told by several other doctors that they could not do anything for my condition I went to see Dr. Farley.  He has turned my life around.  The staff was caring and friendly as well as he.  They all listened to my concerns and walked me through the process of recovery. It has been 3 months since my surgery and I have never felt better.  Thank you Dr. Farley...thank you! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	-1	Dr's bedside manner is terrible. Caused my son to endure more pain by doing test which were unnecessary. he is all about money, making money for kelsey and hospitals. stay away from this man.  	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	1	He has treated me for shingles and impetigo. He is able to answer all my questions and prescribe different medications depending on my symptoms.  Our visits are pretty short because he is quickly able to diagnose the problem.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
71	1	He is the best doctor he REALLY cares. My entire family has seen and will continue to see him. he truly is the best .... I think hes more like a 20 plus. 5 is nothing ....hes the best!!!!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Dr. Farley is a wonderful and carring doctor. He always takes his time, answers any concerns and questions you have. He shows interest in his patients and that means so much. I've seen him for years and I would highly recommend him to anyone.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
72	1	Excellent and thoughtful doctor. She was very thorough in her exam and explanations for my eye care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Dr. Farmer passed away 4 years ago but the service my children recieved from him has never been met by any other doctor.  He is truly missed. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Dr Farmer is great! He is 40ish, energetic and talkative. You can tell he really enjoys children. His staff is great and he is always on time. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	Great Listener and Patient.  	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Aetna
75	1	Great listener and spent a fair amount of time explaining all I needed in a very clear way. I am very happy with the results and since then, I have sent many friends to him already. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	Dr. Farhart has been my ob/gyn for 18 years. He saw me through 3 pregnancies and, most recently, a hysterectomy. When I developed a ruptured cyst after surgery, my pain was incredible. I was unable to work or do anything other than lay in bed and cry. Dr. Farhart was so good at finding out the source of my pain and managing my pain so that it was not out of control. Although my recovery was a little longer due to this problem, I truly believe I received the best care in the world, and would not trust another doctor in the same way. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	somewhat sarcastic bedside manner. very honest and to the point. would recommend 	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	-1	I have never filed a complaint on a physician. I could not let Dr Fairbanks actions go unnoticed. What may have been an inconvenience for Dr Fairbanks was a humiliating and demeaning situation for my 16 yr old son that caused ongoing repercussions. What Fairbanks is stating could all be protocol and correct..but his mannerisms, demeanor, tone were completely unprofessional and belittling. This would have been one thing to do to me…but to make a 16 yr old kid feel even worse about a very sensitive situation is unacceptable and completely beyond my realm of comprehension. There are many more detail that will not fit onto here. Fairbanks response was filled with semantics and no apologies. Stay away from this &quot;doc&quot; if you search professionalism, good bed side manners and sensitivity towards your issue.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
78	1	He is a terrific doctor. Very personable, he has a wonderful office staff and treated me with the upmost respect.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	Excellent demeanor. Very knowledgeable. Good listener.  Highly recommended! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
79	1	I love the way DR. Faires did my surgery, He was great and so was his staff : )    They made me feel really good and they have such a way of calming you down when your are scared.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
79	1	Dr. Faires was always prompt to my appointments, answered all of my questions thoroughly and did wonderful work. Although my incisions are in locations that are very difficult to hide, they are nearly invisible. You really have to be looking for them to find them. I also found his staff to be extremely helpful. 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
79	-1	Went in for breast lift and we discussed the procedure, after surgery he did another procedure that we had not discussed and now I am left with huge scars and I have been told by another surgeon that it will cost about $8,000 to fix the scarring and damage. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
79	-1	I used this doctor to repair my nose after Mohs surgery to remove a skin cancer. It has been over 2 years and the scar that remains is quite noticeable. He told me prior to the surgery that it would be a smooth line - it's not. Also, the day the surgery was scheduled, I showed up, was prepped and ready - after waiting several hours, he called to see if we could reschedule. As I wanted to get it over with, he went ahead and performed the procedure. Now I'm left with a permanent reminder of his inept work and reluctance to even do it.  		1	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
80	1	Camila is really good and helpful will try to help you in any way.  The other staff member should be replaced. She really should be replaced. 	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	. Very nice!also helpful 		3	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
81	0	From the beginning of my two children seeing Farella, she always seemed in a hurry. She never took the time to listen to my concerns or answer my questions to their fullest. I was always rushed and was never given eye contact. When I decided to take my children's medical records to another Dr.'s office, her staff refused to send them to their new Dr. When I called the office to discuss this, they told me that since I had a small balance on my account they had every right to keep their medical records. When I did some research at home and found out that it was against the medical law to keep medical records due to unpaid balance, I was told that I was correct and that they were not allowed to keep their records. I would not recommend this Dr. 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	During my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was an amazing success!Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	Dr. Leslie Faris is incredible! She is such an amazing psychologist. She is able to hear and respond to issues with the most accurate of interpretations. She provides guidance, and is caring and non-judgmental. She truly cares about her patients and it shows. I am so lucky to have found this doctor. Good doctors are hard to come by these days. I would recommend her to anyone needing help. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	Fr. Fanous and his staff listen and take the time they need to with each patient. You never feel ignored or unimportant. They listen to you and make you feel like you are there only patient. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	He is an excellent physician.  He takes the time to answer your questions. He does testing to be sure what the extent of the problems are that he will be correcting. He thoroughly explains the procedure he will performing.  Before he does the surgery he makes sure you have medical clearances from your other doctors (if you have other medical conditions) prior to scheduling your surgery.  He did surgery to correct my prolapsed bladder and other related problems in September 2011, performing a laparoscopic sacral-colpopexy.  I was up and walking that evening and released from the hospital two days after my surgery.  After the surgery I didn't experience any pain.  Dr. Farnam's bedside manner is excellent.  I would highly recommend Dr. Farnam to any female needing to see a gynecologist for help in getting her gynecological problems corrected.  In closing, I have to say his office staff is the best I have ever run acoss - they are all nice, helpful and efficient workers.  	 12/13/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
85	1	I drove from Silver City NM to work with Dr. Farnam. It was well worth the drive. His knowledge and expertise was apparent. He was also very skilled and he did a great job with my surgery. I would not hesitate to return to Dr. Farnam. He is great at what he does. 	 11/25/11	4	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	Dr. Farnam is a great doctor and very knowledgeable.  I appreciate that he is empathetic, but also allows the patient to take control of their health by providing all of the available options.  From the time you walk into the waiting room the receptionist is polite and greets you with a smile.  The wait isn't bad at all, because I don't mind waiting for the best.  The entire office staff is pleasant, friendly, outgoing, and compassionate.    I had a complete hysterectomy and every other doctor I went to advised me that I would have a huge scar and would be off of work for 8 weeks, because of how extensive my surgery had to be, because I had such an enlarged uterus.  I appreciate Dr. Farnam, because he first looked for other options to reduce the size, then we later decided on the robotic surgery.  I recovered quickly and was back to work in 4 weeks.  Best of all, you wouldn’t even think that I had surgery, because it has only been about 4 months and there is hardly any scarring.  	 11/21/11	5	4	5	Insurance:Aetna
85	0	This doctor wanted to perform an unecessary procedure on me.  I have reason to believe that he is doing this to many of his patients, so that he can bill their insurance.  Our premiums keep rising and benefits keep going down because of doctors like Richard Faarnam.  Don't let his smile deceive you.  Ask his questions and see how annoyed he becomes.  	4	3	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	There are not enough words to begin to express how grateful and appreciative I am of Dr Farnam and his staff.  He is an amazing doctor, who exemplifies compassion and commitment to excellent care for his patients, he has such great humility and he really cares about your well being but most of all he LISTENS to  your concerns.  I recently had  a  partial  hysterectomy performed by Dr Farnam due to multiple Fibroids that I had suffered for many years. I have had past surgeries from different doctor for the removal of the Fibroids, they continued to reoccur so   I knew the  decision to have a partial hysterectomy  had to made sooner than later. By speaking with Dr Farnam  he explained what the surgery entailed, which made me  feel at ease, and at peace in making my final decision to have the partial hysterectomy.     I as well as my family are so appreciative of Dr Farnam and very grateful.   There is no other doctor I would want to render my care. Dr Farnam is one of the best...  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
85	1	I don’t live in El Paso and was having severe pelvic pain the day before a holiday over the weekend, and Dr. Farnam not only took my calls from home but met me in the ER.   He was incredibly knowledgeable and helpful, he took time to listen to all of my symptoms and took care of pain that I had been having for four 4 months in one hour.  Dr. Farnam even called to check up on me a few days later.  I will be a lifelong patient of Dr. Farnam, and even travel in from out of town to go to him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	Dr. Farnam operated on my 89 yr old mother for prolapsed uterus/bladder.  She came through with flying colors and no adverse affects whatsoever.  Bravo for a Job Well Done.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
85	1	The City of El Paso is fortunate to have in its midst a physician and surgeon of his skill and medical training. He is a teacher of other surgeons in the field of robotic surgery. He is also a kind and compassionate man. I just had robotic surgery for a bladder prolapse and hysterectomy and couldn't be more pleased.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	traditional method. He has perfected the surgery using only one incision, resulting in a speedier recovery. That’s what I had, and if you have to have this operation, I’d highly recommend you consider using Dr. Farnam and the single-incision method. Twelve hours after surgery I was up and walking. After three days the swelling and bruising were starting to diminish. I was going up and down stairs after 3 days. Pain pills were taken for about 4-5 days, but I felt better each day. Nine days afterward, most people can’t even detect that I had any surgery at all. The nursing staff at Las Palmas was outstanding, too.  If you have questions or doubts, listen to this doctor and not the horror stories of what happened to Aunt Edna years ago.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
85	1	Dr. Farnam is a very efficient, caring physician.  He performs the needed test prior to performing surgery. His bedside manner is excellent.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
85	1	Dr. Fernam is the best doctor I ever known. I would recommend him to anybody who needs a compassionate, understable, knowledgeable and up to date of the most cutting edge technology and developments on his field. I was afraid of even ask about a procedure because of my bad past experiences with different doctors and I ended having a medical procedure and the results were way beyond my expectations. This is a very delicate specialization within the Medical field and he conduct himself with the greatest kindness and respect for his patients. I am so grateful he is my doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
85	-1	Very poor surgeon, I was sick for a long time after my operation and I was not prepared for the amount of sick time I would have to take.  If you want a doctor who will prepare you for surgery and help you after it is over, pick someone else.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
85	1	DR.FARNAM IS ONE OF VERY FEW DOCTORS IN OUR EXPERIENCE WHO IS GENUINELY CONCERNED ABOUT HIS PATIENTS TO THE EXTENT OF SEEING US ON AN EMERGENCY BASIS IN HIS OFFICE ON A SUNDAY!!! HE IS PLEASANTLY PROFESSIONAL AND KNOWLEDGEABLE OF THE MEDICAL ADVANCES IN HIS SPECIALTY! DR. FARNAM WOULD BE A VALUABLE ADDITION TO YOUR MEDICAL SUPPORT INFRASTRUCTURE. IN OUR 78 PLUS YEARS HE IS A RARE AND APPRECIATED FIND 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
86	1	I was so blessed to have found a dr. with such patience, knowledge, and intuitiveness. He has worked diligently with me to relieve several issues I have had. He has the rare ability to educate so that I understand how my body works and why certain things happen. He then teaches me ways to keep the spine and nervous system healthy. I do not think you will find any other dr. that will outperform Dr Farrar. I feel totally safe when he makes adjustments. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
87	0	This doctor has excellent technical skills, but the worst bedside manner of any doctor I've ever dealt with.  	4	1	1	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
88	1	I have had the very most plesant experience working with this MD. He has help get my physical issues sorted out.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
88	1	The Best! Very Knowledgeable.  If he does not know he will find the answer.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
88	1	Excellent Doctor with a terrific staff. Stayed in constant contact with my family and I during my entire treatment time. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Everything written here about Dr. J. Fain is minimal - he is an incredible physician, combining knowledge, research, expertise in care, and caring about each of us. I would travel 1000 miles if I ever have this again to have Dr. Fain. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Plus private insurance: Dr. Fain is an exemplary physician in every way. This concurs with the first report here on him. If I ever have cancer again, I'll not stop until I can have this doctor. He also communicates with and respects other physicians, which is not common in Texas.  He is uncommon, he's perfect! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
88	1	Dr. Fain is the most knowledgeable up to date oncologist in Austin, Tx. I am a Breast Cancer Survivor because of Dr. Fain. Dr. Fain never rushes you and always answers every question that you have. He is the most compassionate caring doctor that anyone could ever hope to have. I am blessed to have Dr. Fain for my doctor. I am thankful that Dr. Fain stays so current on treatments and the latest on cancer research. If you are looking for an Oncologist and are fortunate enough to get Dr. Fain you will find yourself well cared for. Thank you Dr. Fain for being the person that you are.  Vivian 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
88	1	Dr. Fain is very thorough, very detailed and explains questions he asks of you as well as checking and double checking test results.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
88	0	 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
89	-1	Staff was unprofessional and showed lack of concern for my pain level while trying to make an appointment. Very expensive and will try to restrain in giving a pre-estimate form to insurance company; prices are inflated. Dental work was unsatisfactory. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	Dr. Fassihi is extremely knowledgable about eating disorders, is very warm and empathic, and has excellent clinical skills.  She has been helping me recover from an eating disorder. I would recommend her to my dearest loved-one suffering with an eating disorder. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	-1	I believe the Dr. is only doing this  for the Money, not to save lives he's greedy. 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
91	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
91	1	Dr. Fagin in my opinion is the Gold Standard for DiVinci Robotics Prostate Surgery. I have just had mine one month ago and am way beyond where others have said I should be. Very little loss of blood and have had an easy recovery. Very little leakage only used a pad for about a week. Worked out today, no problem. Best information and recovery protical I have seen. Nice staff and facility. Made it really easy. He is the Barry Sanders of this field.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
91	1	Great doctor and staff.  He is busy surgeon with great communication skills.   My surgery went well, recovery went as planned with a great outcome (content, potent, cancer free) 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	-1	Dr. Fagin is a busy surgeon - too busy.  He did my prostate surgery and I had numerous positive margins - at 3 places according to the pathology report.  He also didn't take out ANY nodes.  Now I have to get hormones and radiation.  Be wary of anyone that promises you the world.  Prostate surgery is heavily advertised, but some of the surgeons doing it only care about getting as many patients done as possible.  My surgery took under 2 hours, I thought great, but it can also mean they are sloppy - like Dr.  Fagin!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	1	Drr.Fagin is a busy man but addressed all my questions. My surgery and recovery was a success. i am 63 yeras old and have no incontinence. sexual functions are are not what they used to be, but adequate. I have recommen Dr.  fagin to three other people from my town and they are also doing well 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
91	-1	Hagan did not offer any post operative care in my case. I was in severe pain post op and he brushed it off. Stayed in pain for 8 months until my Internist helped me. Fagan could care less. If the surgery goes well he is good, if not beware.  	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:Humana
91	-1	large bladder leak, foley stayed with me for 6 weeks   1st post op visit was terrible, the dr never touched   me or did he check my wound site. i was back in the   hospital 2nd week post op with severe pain, horrible   GI problems since surgery, thank God for my local dr   who has given me great care here in my hometown 	2	5	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	I stared to see him as a result of pain and other symptoms. After two years, he never would directly address my question of what might be causing my symptoms. The only feed back that I would get was a comparison of other patients my age who had sever cases, belittling me and making me feel like I was crazy. I had constant upper back pain and stiffness and he prescribed 5+ different pain killers and muscle relaxers through out the two years. The root cause was never addressed or investigated by him. I finally bucked up and saw a new doctor. On the first visit I got an x-ray of my pelvis and lower spine which was never done at Fan's office. After an MRI I was diagnosed with Ankylosing Spondylitis by my new doctor, I had seen him for only 2months at this point. Dr. Fan does not listen to symptoms and evaluate signs in an investigative manner. As far as seeing him to seek a diagnosis, do not see him. He is cold, stubborn, and belittling. 	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	I have been with this doctor for almost 10 years and my arthritis is 100% better than when I came to him. There is no cure but my life is better off now. He is one of the best doctors in his field and I would recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
92	-1	doctor has less compassion than a marble. My husband saw him and was diagnosed with a disease that with proper care the life expectancy is 20-50 years from diagnosis. The doctor did not tell us this nor did he tell us what to expect. After a week of total depression a return visit only resulted in xanax which made him totally depressed. I hope no one else has to endure the lack of care and compassion we experienced. Our new doctor is great and has given us lots of hope and we are ready to manage this illness.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
93	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Bob's since he started his practice in 1994.  The rest of my family and friends soon followed.  There are no words to express how I feel about Dr. Bob and his staff except &quot;The Best.&quot;  They treat us like family and we are truly blessed to have them.  We have been through some really trying times with our health and our emotions in the past 11 years and Dr. Bob and his staff have seen us through it all.  I think a true test of how well a doctor treats people is how much his staff turns over.  Dr. Bob has had the same staff for well over 5-7 years and some longer.   Yall keep up the good work and GOD BLESS! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
93	1	My husband has been a patient of Dr. Bob's for 7 years, I just recently moved to his practice.  He is a very good caring doctor and his staff is awesome.  Thank God for practices that still care about their patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	1	He is extremely thorough in his examinations and in explaining his diagnosis and treatment. He is also, very friendly and down to earth. I have referred him to several friends and family and they have all been very pleased.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	I love this doctor!! I didnt realize how much I hated my last pediatrician until I got this one! He never makes me feel stupid for asking questions and seems to be very caring.  He met me up at the hospital when my son needed to go to the ER! The only bad thing is that he is always running behind! But you know what they say good things are worth the wait! 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
94	1	Great doctor! He is very attentive to my concerns. I always have so many questions and he answers them in detail and without judgement. He comments on the good things I am doing as a mom which gives me confidence in the job I am doing. Great doctor!! 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	I would tell anyone to take their kid to this doctor. He always shows true concern for my son. He always puts my son 1st and is very easy to talk to about any concern I may have. As a 1st time mom I have a 100 questions everytime I see him and he always answers all of them and never makes me feel like i am asking stupid questions. He always explains in detail what is wrong and how to make my son better. I will always use this dr and if and when he retires he doesnt know it yet but im bring my kids to his house :) well not really... but i would want to.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	Dr. Fahmi is a wonderful doctor.  She listens to me and answers all of my questions.  I know that she truly cares about me and what I am going through.  Her staff is fantastic as well.  Her entire staff remembers me by name and asks how I am doing when I first walk in the door.  I've never had to wait longer than 20 minutes to see the doctor.  I know I am in good hands and trust Dr. Fahmi completely.  I would recommend her, and her staff, to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	0	Unfortunately, this Dr is very knowledgeable however very unprofessional misses scheduled appts and staff is very unprofessional.  	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	0	My insurance company listed an office located close to me when I called to make an appointment i  asked if there was an office in Mansfield the office clerk said no then just hung up on me 	1	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	I really like Dr. Fahmi, but her support staff is not professional.     I have called office several times and talked with her nurse and she promised to called me back with the info I requested and I am still waiting for a return call. This has happened several different times.  	1	4	4	4 	Insurance:Medicare
95	1	Dr. Fahmi is very knowledgeable on diabetes. She is very caring about her patients and easy to talk with. Getting an appointment did not take long at all. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	-1	In 1994 I was 22 years old and was working as a truck mechanic. I fell out of the cab (about 5 feet) and blew my knee out. My GP recomended me to Farless (I'll not call him a Doc.) and I went since I'd known my GP as a nieghbor and doc since I was a kid. He performed the surgery and I when I awoke I knew something was wrong, it hurt real bad. I went through six months of rehab with little improvement and less on the pain. He cut me off of my pain meds saying that the reason that I was hurting was because that I was addicted to the vicoden. I never got full range of motion and went for a further four years in pain and knee coming out of socket constantly. I finally got my senses together and found a doc in Ft. Worth (Dr. Stephen Brotherton) who does true sports medicine (professional rodeo, ballet, and the TCU athletics program). He told me that the holes were drilled in either leg bone that they were to far forward. Had ACL replaced AGAIN four years later.  The man is QUACK and **** 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
96	1	The doctor did a great job caring for my son when he injured his wrist. Highly recommend his services. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	0	Dr. seemed rushed. Didn't answer questions. Must have been because I came in during the lunch hour. Gave me wrong meds. Went in for a sinus infection. Told me I had allergies and gave me Predisone and Hydrocodene. Predisone made me sick. Gave me ulcer like pains. Got a second opinion. Dr told me to tapper off Predisone. Told me the meds he gave me were not for what I had. Was informed to contact Dr. and see why he prescribe me those meds. I will never go back to him. Only went to him because Dr. Torres was booked solid for the day.  	4	1	2	3 	Insurance:Aetna
98	1	Good group of Dr. and staff.The overall knowledge and helpfulness of Dr. Fahl and staff was refreshing.  Thanks to all! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
98	0	Dr. and Hospital delivered as promised however the staff at Texas Orthopedic and Sports Medicine is totally incompetent. Overbooked appointments meant waiting for hours in a waiting room, complete ignorance regarding insurance forms meant the return to work date was delayed by a week, and any attempt to contact a warm body regarding patient care resulted in a complex series of never ending voice mails.  	1	3	1	4 	Insurance:Aetna
99	-1	My lady had surgery 2 weeks ago and introduced me to him as a co worker. Last night he made a house call after 10pm. Where's the dr/ patient or dr/ coworker ethics at. She admits it and says he is divorcing his wife. lol Watch your woman around this guy I guess having a lil money is better than love 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	Very skilfull, nice and knows what he is doing!!!He is not afraid to talk to his patients and offer his opinion.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
100	1	I was very happy with this doctor, but his staff is not trained and makes alot of mistakes. I recently had a dr. Appt. and asked to see him. They gave me the nurse pract. Instead and said he stepped out. Then, they scheduled me for some lab work and did not write it down---I missed having the lab work!!! I have had EKGs done and both Dr. and nurse never go over the results when they take them. Then, I recommended a friend to them and the nurse misread her EKG.  	2	3	3	4 	Insurance:HealthFirst
100	1	Dr. Factoriza is very nice, will listen and help solve the problem, only setback is the long wait to get in to see him. his nurse practicioner is awesome, very friendly and has a great knowledgebase. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
