dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
2	1	commentsDr. Labanca listens to his patients and takes time to explain the medical condition and his treatment plan. He shows genuine care for his patients. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	 I just moved to Spring Tx and needed my annual checkup, seeking to speak Spanish gynecologist, I realized that there were only men in my area (always my doctor is a woman) and found Dr. Labanca.   My appointment was at 10:30 am and did not have to wait more than 10 minutes to see the doctor, the doctor answered my questions and was really professional, warm and nice and also speaks English. The staff, Lori, the girl at the desk and the nurse were very friendly and nice!   I have and will keep recommending him to every girl I know.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
2	1	commentsDr Labanca is friendly,calm and knowledgeable. He always put me at ease, took time to listen and answer all my questions and concerns. His nurse calls back within an hour with a response for my call. I have already recomended him to my friends and will do that in future too. 	3	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	 The BEST, best doctor! I've been seeing Dr. La for 10 years and could not be more satisfied with with him and his staff.  He knows me and knows my history.  He is always very attentive to my concerns. He takes the time to listen and to answer my questions.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:HumanaPaid/Co-pay:N/A
12	-1	commentsDr. La is very knowledgeable but has no sence of urgency very laid back and easy going had been ttc fo 3+ yrs all he said was not to rush it will happen in its own time did not offer any assistance as far as that was concerned. 	3	4	2	1	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	commentsThe care is exceptional, Dr's competence inspired confidence. I felt like I received the best care I available.office manager is great 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	commentsDr. La. is a great Doctor, very knowledgeable and professional. He always answers my questions. His staff is also very nice. He was great my pregnancy and specially during my delivery, always nice and caring. I recommend him! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	commentsI have seen several OB/GYN since first moving to Houston, and I've stuck with Dr. La. He is a great Doctor, very knowledgeable, caring and professional. He was great during my delivery, and even came to check up on my husband and I several times during my stay at the hospital. I Highly recommend him! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	 The doctor called me 'sweetheart' but did nothing to help. Had to go back 3 times, and all my concerns were dismissed.  Will never go back, and do not recommend him to anyone! 	5	4	1	1	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:N/A
12	-1	commentsI go in there with the same problem on several occasions and he dismisses it as if its not a big deal.  Very nice but I would rather he address the issues at hand than be friendly with me. 	2	5	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	 Did not solve problem I went to him about.  Still have the problem 		3	1	1	Insurance:N/APaid/Co-pay:$300000
14	-1	 Although he is supposedly a reproductive endocronoligist he doesn't really help with fertility problems -- at least not in my case.  He callously told me I had a less than 2% chance of conceiving again (at age 39) and that I needed to just be thankful for the son I had and &quot;get over it.&quot;  Refused to run additional tests, or provide any type of fertility treatment.  I was devastated and cannot explain the months of crying and depression that I experienced.  And wouldn't you know it&#63;  One year later I was pregnant, on my own, without any intervention.  When I went in for my first appointment he told me &quot;well, don't count on really having a baby, at your age, you are likely to miscarriage.&quot;  Then, went on to tell me about all the &quot;hundreds&quot; of women he has seen in their late 30's and early 40's who had &quot;severely retarded&quot; children.  After being his patient for 7 years, I left.   Who needs that kind of treatment&#63; 	4	5	2	2	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
14	1	commentsI have been going to Dr L since 1984.  He is a very compassionate, caring man.  Without his help I would have never been able to have my 2 children.The same staff has been with him for all these years. They are all awesome and very punctual. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	commentsHis callous treatment still hurts me.  I was 32, and unknowingly had Hashimoto's Hypothyroiditis, (low thyroid symptoms),went to this ob/endocrinologist for help. W/o testing my blood he told me after repeated visits I was going to die of a &quot;dreaded disease&quot; or needed a psychiatrist for severe depression, the latter which is what he strongly recommended.  Worst part, He let me go so long without proper treatment I was very ill  with an enlarged heart by the time I reached proper medical care.  When I got well I returned to inform him of his mistake, and he called me a liar and would not believe me until he  got the other Dr.'s records.  He never apologized. 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	 I had thrombophlebitis two weeks after the birth of my second child, the second child delivered by Dr. Lackritz. When I phoned Dr. Lackritz to tell him I could not walk on the one leg and had heat and swelling, his reponse was that &quot;all women feel bad after childbirth.&quot; I was later that day admitted to the hospital by my godfather, a rheumatologist. Dr. Lackritz also came to the delivery room so exhausted he cut my child's cord on the wrong side of the clamp, necessitating a stay for her in the Infant ICU.  		5	1	2	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:N/A
14	1	comments 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	 Dr.L is very caring. He always seems to be in a wonderful mood and makes you feel very comfortable. Dr. L delivered my son. After 2 years of ttc...Dr. L was an adding blessing :) 		5	4	4	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
25	1	 I was so pleased to find Dr Lackan.  His entire staff was wonderful at my first visit and has continued to be so throughout every office appointment.  He is very patient with me and has explained things to me very well.  I had a thyroid biopsy.  I was so scared but it was less discomfort than getting a flu shot.  He is wonderful and I would highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
25	-1	 I saw Dr. Laken for 5 yrs ,saw him personally 2 times. His Nurse reminds me of Nurse Ratchet. Not very nice and always blames you for not taking meds but when it takes them 3 to 5 days to call your Pharmacy not really your fault.Also to talk to someone in the office is like talking to the cable TV people, FOREVER .If you want a one on one Dr, he is too busy for that and if you cancel your appointment you are looking at waiting 60 to 90 days to get back in, what a joke.. HE is nice when you see him you are such a number there , not a personal relationship at all.  	3	3	2	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
25	-1	commentsDr. Lacken has not been helpful in addressing my thyroid condition.  While he listens attentively, he seems bewildered and lacks up to date information.  He does not offer helpful suggestions to support my overall condition. While he recommends tests, staff fail to follow through with processing doctors orders.  Patients must call and prompt follow through with doctor recommended testing referrals. Not helpful at all. 	5	5	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	 I went to Dr. Lachan because he was highly recommended on this sight, but it has been a disappointment.  I've gone for two years with few answers and no improvement in help...and I've done everything requested. Every complaint listed below is totally true.  I am on my way to his office to have my records sent somewhere else...and sign the release form again...they keep &quot;losing&quot; it...if you care about your health, don't go here.  	2	2	2	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
25	-1	 When I first started seeing Dr. Lackan, he and his staff were very attentive.  Now it is less and less.  It has taken three weeks to get a phone call back in regards to my blood work only to find out the wrong one was done.  Feel like the older patients are being put on the back burner.  Too many new patients and back logged.  	3	1	1	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
25	-1	commentsThis doctor is not open to all treatment options. He will omit offering patients a save and affordable treatment plan. He lacks up to date knowledge on recent indications and medical warnings. He is polite and a great person, but I wouldn't send any family member to a specialist that is unaware of the newest information. 	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	commentsUnbelievable!! My 83 yr. old mother has been waiting over a month to see Lackan. When we got there we were told she had an appt. with another Dr. and never had an appt. with Lackan and he was out sick, anyway. My mother wanted to go ahead with other Dr. but then was told she would have to stay with this doctor and could never see Lackan. Truly as bad as it gets. We walked out and he will get a bill from me for my time. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	commentsI went to this doctor for over a year before I ever saw him.  I saw a medical assistant....after almost demanding to see a REAL doctor he granted me this request.....  I am activly looking for a real doctor.  This was the first and last time I saw a doctor.  Diabetes is a serious illness and seeing a nurse on every occasion is scary for me. You pay the same with or without the &quot;doctor&quot;...so why not see the person who is &quot;trained&quot; to serve you.  Would NOT recommend this facility at all. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	 This doctor needs to get his staff inline or more patients will be leaving him. Excuses and lies the office staff has continued to use. As for as a doctor who knows only seen him once of a 4 year period of going to his office, always with assistant never him. Maybe once you are called a top doctor no need to continue that way.  well doctor lackan you lost me as patient 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
25	1	 Dr. Lackan is a very knowledgeable and concerned about your health.  I have been battling a thyroid problem for over 4 years, and have been through 2 doctors that just wanted to increase my medication or put me on anti-depressants rather than really investigate and fix the problem.  That has not been the case with Dr. Lackan.  He asked questions, and then listened to everything that I had to say.  He took everything into account and ran several tests before discussing my options with me.  He has been a life saver.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:N/A
25	1	 Very good staff,very knowledgeable, on time. Just good quality service at everything.  	5	5	3	4	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:N/A
25	1	commentsDr. Lacklan seriously rocks.. Never rushed.. very thorough.. he makes sure you understand everything before leaving.. they make you have your blood drawn first then you make an appt.. that way the Dr has the results of your tests while you are there and you can go over the results together.. I am telling you.. he is one of the best doctors I have ever been lucky enough to have.. His staff is just as wonderful as he is.. and even though this doesn't matter.. his office is just gorgeous.. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	commentsDr. Lacken is great. I would recommend anyone to him. When you first walk through the door your greeted by the most friendly staff. I have quite seeing a doctor because of the lady at the front. Anyways, then you get called back by one of the nurses. They are just as concerned with your health as the doctor. Lab work, radiation treatment, and even sonograms are done right in his office. Every time I went in he explained exactly what we where going to do in the next step of my treatment. I even called him two or three times and he got right back with me. I am very glad that someone recommended me to him. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	 I have a complicated health problem and Dr. Lackan was very understanding and listened to every word I said. It was very nice since the bzillion other doctors I tried were not willing to listen and offered unhelpful advice. He knew exactly what to do.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
28	1	 Dr. Ladd is very personable, uses new technology, has a beautiful, welcoming office and great staff.  I encourage all my friends and family to go to Dr. Ladd!  He has treated me for pre-cancerous spots, his staff has performed laser surgery on my face to remove pre-cancerous spots and with each visit I am treated professionally and personally.  I highly recommend AustinSkin.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
28	1	 Dr. Ladd was really nice, fairly punctual, and seemed like he knew his stuff. He was easy to talk to. He seemed to really try to understand my needs and offer me the full range of options for treatment.  	3	5	4	4	Insurance:Scott & WhitePaid/Co-pay:$40
30	1	 I saw multiple doctors in my home state of California (all certified and claiming to be affiliated with one professional sports team or another).  They could repair my biceps tear, but recovery would be 6 weeks in a sling followed by months of rehabilitation.  Dr. Labbe saw me within a week, and was able to repair my injury with advanced techniques, allowing me to return to full range of motion within two weeks.  I can not begin to thank him and his staff for the care they have provided me and my family.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
37	0	 Everyone is so friendly and accommodating until after the surgery.  The follow up process you can be in the waiting room for over 2 hours.  The front desk staff is very unprofessional.  They sit around talking and forgot to place my file in the rotation.  If the doctor tells you to come back in six weeks.  The front desk staff will ultimately make your appointment for two months out.  You wonder if the doctor make any decisions when it comes to the after care from a surgery.  You only see Dr Labor twice when you have a surgery and they are brief encounters.  You will be dealing with an OD the remaining of the time.  I have had a horrible experience and would not recommend Dr Labor- Grapevine, Tx.  	1	1	1	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
37	1	 Dr. Labor listened to what I needed, wanted, and expected; he didn't waste any time with too much information.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
37	0	commentsDr. Labor is a very good surgeon.  However, the office staff leaves a lot to be desired... Expect to spend1 to 2 hours waiting to see the Dr.  (after a scheduled appt time).  Overall experience for office visits is very bad.  Multiple issues with staff, scheduling, and even Dr. Labor.    I asked him a question regarding my eyedrops and got no response... as he started to leave the exam room, I told him I expected an answer and he got very defensive and condescending.  I WILL NOT GO BACK TO THIS DR&gt; OR THE CLINIC! 	1	1	1	4	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	 Very good Dr. no problems from surgery in over one year.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
37	1	commentsOffice staff is very unorganized and did not communicate properly. 	1	4	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	 We are going to miss him.  Our insurance is changing so we can't keep him.  He is never on time, but well worth the wait.  	4	2	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
40	1	 He is an absolutely fantastic Dr!  I drive an hour just to keep him as our pediatrician.  We have been using him since he first came to TX Children's at Cypress Station.  I always refer my friends and family to him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
40	1	 I love Dr. LaCour. He is very patient and my kid loves him too. I have a friend whose kid had a very rare condition and Dr. LaCour referred him to a specialist immediately.  Good Doctor! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$15
40	1	commentsI have an autisic son and Dr. La Cour has always been So friendly and knowledgable in dealing w/him. He has a wonderful manner and very compassionate staff. My family couldn't recommend any doctor any higher for their child w/ special needs. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	 Dr. LaCour is absolutely FABULOUS!  I would be heartbroken if he ever left pediatrics. He takes the time to answer all of your questions, and also will call and check up on your sick child after-hours.  He's great! He really has a way with children and makes them feel so comfortable with his awesome personality.  My children adore him, and he makes going to the doctor enjoyable. We lucked out when we got him for a doctor.  =) 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
40	1	 Dr. LaCour is absolutely fabulous!! He is super personable and helpful. He is not afraid to look to outside help. In fact, when a very dear friend of mine had a very sick child, he got him in at Texas Children's right away. My children love him. He checks up on them after hours. You can tell he loves what he does and is very good at it.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
40	-1	commentsGreat doctor for colds and the common illness, however, if your child might have a special problem, atypical infections, or the like, this is not the doctor for you. Very slow to get help from other speacialists and does not follow through with what he says he will do. Very slow to admit to hospital to the point of dehydration. great personality, great for commmon illness, but anything else, and I would recommend a different doctor. 	4	2	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	 Great Doctor, very professional,educated, and thorough, friendly staff.   Will definitely recommend 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:N/APaid/Co-pay:$150
47	1	 Friendly and willing to spend time with to acess the problem..Keeps up with your history.  	5	5	4	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
48	1	 Dr Lacey is absolutely awesome. he takes his time with my kids and talks to them like they are intelligent grown people. very respectful of them and me. his staff is really great. then again Baylor wouldn't put up with rude staff. as a healthcare worker i know when my kids are given the treatment they need not all the unnecessary tests and he only does what is needed. he may suggest other procedures but lets you know they are optional.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:N/A
51	-1	.  Overbearing and argumentative in outpatient setting 	3	1	1	3	Insurance:AARPPaid/Co-pay:N/A
51	-1	 Told me one thing from tests I had years before then after tests this time tells me the total opposite.  I don't think he knows what he is doing.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
51	-1	commentsmost uncaring doctor on the planet. told us to go home and wait for death. did not want to refer to anyone else what a tool 	1	3	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	 Dr Lacey is very knowledgable. Took time with me and explained things in detail. Listens to your concerns and answer all questions. I was very pleased with him and the staff in the Keller office.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
54	1	 In talking she was able to detect my weekness and help me understand my sadness. Dr. Ladd is very intuitive to people.  Assisting me in the right direction to help my depression.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
56	1	 Dr. Laborde is one of the best doctors I've ever encountered.  His bedside manner is exceptional.  He is friendly and knowledgeable and make his patients feel at ease.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:N/A
56	0	 I actually have left Dr. Laborde's care. I had very mild but persistent adult acne that would scar if large cysts appeared. Accutane was suggested, and I made clear my fear of the systemic effects. After being put onto an antibiotic for over a month, I made it clear that I was having side effects (namely, GI issues and joint pain out of nowhere). I went from being very athletic to being debilitated within weeks, ended up having surgery on one of these joints with no &quot;injury&quot; having occurred. I was told that there was nothing else I could be put on, as I'd tried most of the most popular prescriptions. Bottom line - my concerns need to be his concerns and should not be brushed off. Glad I switched derms and dropped the systemic antibiotic. My orthopedic surgeon's staff told me to &quot;get off that crap&quot; noting the side effects. Am now with a new derm who uses a compounding pharmacy to make up custom prescriptions.  After photodynamic therapy and custom prescriptions, my skin is perfect! 	5	5	3	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
56	1	 Dr. Laborde is excellent.  He is very thorough and takes the time to explain things in a thoughtful manner.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
56	-1	.   		3	1	2	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$400
56	1	 Dr. Van Laborde is one of Houston's Top Docs and is one of few peer-reviewed doctors. Not cheap, but when it comes to your face, you don't want amateurs. He's worth every penny.  		5	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
74	-1	 Horrible service and did not seem to care about my concerns. Felt that they were trying to sell me products that I did not need and the wait was almost an hour. Would not recommend to anybody. Avoid this dentist.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:N/A
74	-1	 I went in to get my teeth checked and he said I should just have them all pulled and have these new fancy &quot;expensive&quot; teeth put in.   And that lady at the front desk was just down right rude! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-CalPaid/Co-pay:N/A
74	-1	commentsNOT A FRIENDLY OFFICE AND SHOULD NOT BE IN BUSINESS. HIGHLY RECOMMEND YOU FIND SOMEBODY ELSE TO GET YOUR DENTAL WORK DONE AT! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	comments 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	commentsWhile I liked Dr. Lacy's caring &amp; outgoing bedside manner, she never effectively treated or determined the cause of my painful menstrual issues.  Then when I resumed going back to her practice in 03 I was assigned to her NP Deedee &amp; was less than thrilled w/her.  She was alright at 1st but wasn't open to giving me good options &amp; said I had anxiety &amp; needed to be on anti-anxiety meds for my fast heartrate.  Lo &amp; behold a few years later I was diagnosed w/thyroid disease &amp; a arrhythmia by another OB/GYN &amp; sent to a cardiologist that said this is what was the likely cause of my menstrual issues &amp; irregular heart rate.  In all fairness, Dr. Lacy delivered my sister's son &amp; w/a happy healthy outcome.  However, I found her NP Deedee's hasty diagnosis, tactless &amp; inept. 	3	2	3	4	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	commentsGreat Doctor , very caring answered all my Questions. The staff was great and very helpful. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	 Dr. Lackan-McKenzie is wonderful!!! I love the way she takes care of my children. She is very thorough, and doesn’t assume or leave anything up to chance, and this gives me peace of mind. She takes the time to spend with us and make sure we are comfortable all our questions are answered. Because she did this I didn’t mind waiting, but the wait time has actually gone down the past couple of times we’ve been in.   I have always been able to get an appointment the same day I called. My children absolutely LOVE her and her nurses.   We love you Dr. Lackan, you are such a blessing to our family.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$15
87	1	 I love Dr. Lackan!! Dr. Lackan is a Dr. that cares about her patients. Not only does she care but she is knowlagable, and she takes the time. I have had to wait, but I know she is helping someone else and will give me the time I need to help me understand what is going on with my children. A Dr. that you can trust and know's what she is doing is priceless!! I owe many thanks to Dr. Lackan for the help she has given our family over the years.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$15
