dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	 Took my daughter to see Dr. Ibarra he is excellent. He was the best thing to her private Dr. He is great full of knowledge and quick. I have recommended him to all my friends who need a Dr. when everyone else is closed or when they need service right away. His staff is very nice.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:N/A
1	1	 I saw Dr. Ibarra at the Southwest Urgent Care center after a referral from the local Military Treatment Facility.  Hardly any waiting at all.  I found Dr. Ibarra to be very fast and efficient but at the same time he had a great bedside manner.  He correctly diagnosed my problem and the treatment provided by his staff did the trick.  I am 100% satisfied with my care and would recommend him to anyone.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:TricarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
5	-1	commentsAfter speaking with office staff on the phone the previous day and finding out how to get my medical records, I drove 1 hour to pick them up only to be told the records were not there and I would have to wait 2-3 weeks to get them.  The really sad part is that I had to deal with the &quot;office manager&quot;, Dalton, who was a jerk.  He was condescending, rude and a poor reflection on Dr. Idhe. Amanda was just as bad b/c I filled out a medical release at the office and 10 min later she couldn't find it.  She even accused me of not giving it to her.  I later found it on her desk!!!      I never had a problem with the doctor but he needs to seriously consider a new image for his Arlington office.  I seriously doubt if I will ever get my records from them since they don't seem competent or concerned about former patients. 	1	1	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	comments 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	 I have never written one of these but I am so disturbed that I feel like I must warn others. First of all, I was told by the staff that they accepted BCBS but BCBS told me that they were out of network at the time of service. Beware it cost me over $260 for nothing. Also, I weigh 250 lbs. 5'6&quot; which they said was too obese to do the reflux surgery but they would be more than happy to sell me a gastric bypass surgery. He said I had to loose over 50lbs in order to do reflux surgery and he would refer me to his dietician. There are so many other better doctors in DFW. I immediately went to another and my weight was not a problem. I feel great. Go see Dr. Maladi at Methodist.  	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$255
5	-1	 Dr. Ihde did a colonoscopy on my 18 yr old son complaining of stomach pain. Said he needed part of his colon removed, plus a separate surgery for the top portion of his stomach. I felt that was excessive and took my son for a 2nd opinion with a gastroenterologist. She said what Dr. Idhe said was wrong with my son would be impossible to diagnose from the tests run. She ran other tests and said he didn't need ANY surgery. She even said &quot;this borders on malpractice.&quot; This doctor apparently has no conscience and will operate on children just for the money when there is nothing wrong with them. I am a bariatric patient with another doctor myself. When I was in the hospital having my surgery one of Dr. Ihde's former bariatric patients was in the hospital having work done by another doc because he had botched their surgery. Buyer beware with Dr.  Idhe! 	2	3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
5	1	commentsI did all that the Doctor told me.. Now it has been over a year and a half and I am 105 pound lighter and I went from squeezing into a 22 jean to a size 6.. I am not a rich person, but that is the best money I have ever spent! thank you to Dr. Ihde and his staff. You all rock. 	5	4	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
5	0	 Dr. Ihde seemed impatient with my pain (anal tear), and impatient with my questions. He told me everything I needed to know was on a handout. Unfortunately, that didn't turn out to be true. 2 days after hemorrhoid surgery, I developed sudden abdominal cramping and diarrhea. All calls went directly to voice mail, during business hours. I think I've called 15 times and all went straight to voice mail. Of those attempts, I left 2 messages on 2 different dates. Neither were returned. He may be a good surgeon, but the communication leaves a lot to be desired.  	3	4	1	4	Insurance:N/APaid/Co-pay:$500
18	1	commentsVery knowledgeable, kind and caring. His office staff are very caring too. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	 Very courteous staff. Dr. I is extremely knowledgeable and very caring. Highest reccomandation.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
18	-1	 Horrible staff, terrible physician. Cancelled my appts w/o calling me, never returned urgent phone calls, Dr was incredibly rude and uncaring.  Beware! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:HumanaPaid/Co-pay:N/A
18	1	 Dr. I. is excellent. He is brilliant, kind, listens carefully, exercises his skill carefully, does not overprescribe and is always available for a quick appointment. I have been to several physicians and he is clearly the best. I recommend him highly.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
18	1	 Dr. I is wonderful. He has the best bedside manner and really cares about the patient. There is always a long wait (1hr) because he takes so much time with each patient, genuinely concerned. His staff is not so good, especially the one that takes care of prescription refills. He is also very knowledgeable.  	3	5	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
18	1	commentsDuring my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would most likely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was a big help.Overall I would rate this visit : good. 		4	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	commentsHe placed a tube in my niece for stomach feedings; later we learned it was unnecessary.  He then left it there for two years.  When he finally removed it, my sister said he did it in his office without anesthesia.  I would avoid him. 	3	3	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	comments 	2	2	2	1	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	commentsDr. Bernadette Iguh is the best caring physician around our area.  She took out time to help my child.  I even called her late hours and she answered her phone.  If you have no physician in SW Houston, make her your primary.  She is God given doctor to the society.      Mrs. Rodriguez 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	.  I will return for another visit as this physician was very caring to my children 	5	5	4	5	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:N/A
51	-1	 Dr. Iguh needs to learn compassion, it was obvious that I did not feel well yet she was very short with me and I felt as if I was impossing on her time.  I appreciate that Dr. Iguh was able to prescribe medications that got me back on my feet, but I will not be returning to her in the future.  	3	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
51	1	 This physican is excellent, competent and knows what her patients need.  Would highly recommend.  For the comment I noticed on 7/29... surely this was an angry person! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
51	1	commentsThis Doctor is simply the best!  I strongly recommend her to anyone seeking excellent and quality care! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	 Doctor takes time whenever I see her.  She is hestitant to prescribe medications unless absolutely necessary.  Let me work on my high blood pressure with diet and exercise before medication.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:HumanaPaid/Co-pay:N/A
75	1	commentsStaff not that great but was very knowledgeable  and helpful 	3	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
75	-1	 Dr. Idris and his staff were, unfortuneately, the most cruel and unprofessional I have ever encountered. My daughter is a 13 year old patient that was misdiagnosed by Dr. Idris. I asked for her medical records so that I could have a second opinion at MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston and was refused by Dr. Idris. I am currently undergoing the complaint process with the Texas Medical Board.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
75	0	.   	1	1	1	4	Insurance:HealthPartnersPaid/Co-pay:$5
91	1	commentsWhen other psychiatrist struggle with a patient they consult with Dr Igoa because he is the best.  Yes, his waiting room is packed and his staff needs to be trained properly but as  doctor Dr Igoa is way above the rest 	1	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	 Yes, he knows what he is doing but that's about it. His waiting room is PACKED, tries to see waaay to many people at once. Even with an appointment, you'll have to wait 2 hours. Don't expect to get a call back, ever. I ran out of meds while out of town,  called repeatedly for days with NO answer or call back. Even though they told me NEVER to go off these meds suddenly... guess that doesn't matter if you don't have an appointment. Valley health care is terrible and this guy is no better.  	1	1	4	4	Insurance:N/APaid/Co-pay:$25
91	1	 Dr. Igoa is very knowledgeable and will answer questions and address concerns of patients.  He has returned my phone calls in the evening and will answer my questions then. My only complaint is that he is too busy.  He tries to see too many patients in one day.  	3	3	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
91	-1	commentsIn 3 weeks my sister was at Renassaince Behavioral Center, Dr. Igoa did not once speak to a family member of the patient. 	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	 Does not spend too much time with patients in his office or Doctors Hospital Renaissance Behavioral Center where he is partial owner.  	4	4	3	4	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-CalPaid/Co-pay:N/A
96	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
