dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Excellent service, kind knowledgable doctor with a great bedside manor.  Would definitely recommend and return to clinic.  	 7/25/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Humana
1	-1	 	4	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Wonderful doctor!! She spent a good amount of quality time with me and was sincere about my fertility issues. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	He's a really amazing doctor. He always answers all of my questions and helps with any problems.  I'd rate him a 10 out of 10 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Dr.Underwood and his staff are very caring and attentive to their pateints needs.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	Udell is a great doctor.  I loved just knowing exactly who my doctor would be every step of the way.  I did end up with a c-section because the hospital didn't call her promptly when my baby's heartbeat fell.  They waited almost 10 minutes.  However, I only know because Udell pointed it out to me and logged a complaint with MCA.  I felt so respected by her.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
4	1	Dr. Udell has been my doctor through the birth of both of my boys (now 2 years and 7 months).  I very much appreciate her punctuality and professionalism.  During my pregnancy we encountered a couple of issues, it was quite a relief to experience the extra mile and care Dr. Udell took to calm my nerves; then take care of what was going on.  If youre in search of a doctor that is in a group of doctors, has a lavishly decorated office this is not the place for you.  But if you are in search of a small yet personal and professional experience,  our family HIGHLY reccommends Dr. Udell.  Without a doubt she is the best kept secret in Arlington, TX.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	-1	I am/was a patient for 3 years until I was misdiagnosed this past week. I was given a post-menopause creme to treat what I later found out was a yeast infection! (I am 31 y.o.) When I called to say the creme wasn't helping, I was told to switch to an otc cortisone creme. I finally went to a dermatologist to figure out what was wrong. He was astonished that she was unable to diagnose me correctly, as it took him seconds to see the problem. When I called to tell the nurse what happened she was rude and sarcastic.  Don't go to this doctor!!!! 	2	5	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
4	1	After leaving my old doctor because she was AWFUL, I found Dr. Udell and am SO happy! I have never waited more than 5 minutes to be seen, everyone at the office is extremely nice and helpful and Dr. Udell always sees her patients personally and is very easy to talk to and makes you feel at ease!! I love her! I am so glad I found her. She has made me feel very at ease throughout my pregnancy and has answered and dealt promptly with all concerns I have had. I highly recommend her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	This so-called Dr did not listen to me at all. He admitted me for overnight observation, he changed my meds, my bp and blood sugar dropped dangerously low and I ended up having my daughter stillborn. His bedside manner was non-existent.  Then the day I was discharged he came in tapped my foot and stated, &quot;I heard you've been crying!&quot; Geez-Louise you gotta be kidding me!!! 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
5	1	. Excellent doctor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unicare
6	1	Im very content with services provided.  Staff and Dr. Jane Unzeitig have been very helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:BC Med
6	1	Dr. Unzeitig was very helpful when I took my two year old son to see her.  She quickly calmed my nervous baby by making a puppet with a tongue depressor and talking to him gently.  Her explanation regarding his diagnosis was thorough and concise.  Her bedside manner is excellent, as well.  I highly recommend this doctor to anyone who asks.  Plus, she was one of Texas Monthly's super doctors!!  It's been confirmed! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	Dr. Ure did not act like he wanted to answer any of my questions. I went for a physical had to keep calling him back to ask him questions and still was not able to ask all of them. He told his staff not to take my blood because he did not think i needed it but I wanted it done because that is what i came for. He did not really answer any of my questions and just left me to go and see another patient when i had other qustions to ask.  	2	3	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	I have dealt with Dr. Ure on a number of occasions and as an elderly women, I can say he is personable and has excellent bedside manner. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	His a real good doctor he helped me a lot. The assistens are real nice with the pacients and helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
9	1	. He is the best chiropractor I've seen!  I highly recommend him!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
10	1	. Great Doctor! If every doctor was like this the world would be great! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
11	1	I have been seeing Dr Uzick for about 15 years. The office staff is always courteous and follows through with any questions. Florence is a great asset to this staff as well! I have complicated vision but Dr Uzick always treats me with respect and tries to work with me regarding any new requests I might have. They are also willing to work within your financial means if necessary.  I absolutely would recommend this office to anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
11	0	Dr. Kenneth Uzick was very professional and helpful when I was there. However, Florence, the manger with a French accent, was extremely rude. Because of her attitude, I will not be returning to this clinic and I would not recommend this clinic to my friends. 	1	5	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	I had RK surgery on my eyes about 15 years ago (not laser but scapel!) and had gone to other doctors who said I couldn't wear contacts.  Dr Uzick spent 3 appointments with me and we tried on over 20 pairs.  I would say this doctor is exceptional and I don't say that about all my doctors.  If you have a special situation as I do, then I think you will get good care with Dr Uzick.  I normally don't rate doctors, but when I looked up the phone number and saw the negative reviews below, I had to share my positive experience. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	i have been to Dr Uzick for about 5 years now and have never had a negative experience.  I have the worst vision ever and complicated contact lens prescriptions.  Dr Uzick has always been very helpful and willing to help correct any situation.  He has put up with me changing lenses, solutions etc. until I found something that worked for me.  His office staff has always been quite nice and that &quot; rude French lady&quot; has been nothing short of lovely to both me and my husband.  She has even expedited glasses for us when we are leaving town and has replaced a pair of frames that were out of warranty.  I have recommended him to all of my friends and they are all happy.  Decide for yourself but dont believe everything you read from a few disgruntled customers..... 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	The manager w/ her french accent has got to be one of the rudest and down right crude people I have ever met. 	3	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
11	0	He was very impatient with my situation.  I tried him after leaving a doctor who was very rude and unprofessional during office visits.  Unprofessional meaning my former doctor would talk about his patients in a negative way as well as his ex wife. Well, Dr. Uzick started to behave very rude toward me because he could not figure out how to solve a problem regarding contacts. I would tell him I could tell he was frustrated regarding the problem and he once told me he would tell me to take my money (that I already paid for my contacts) and my problem and leave. It was done without directly saying it but I got the message loud and clear.   I could not believe my ears.  I decided to wait until we found some contacts (since I had already paid for them and my insurance was used for the year) and try a new doctor next year.  If you have an unusual problem regarding your vision, I would not see Dr. Uzick.  He seems to only be able to handle general vision correction problems. 	4	5	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	Went to Vision City in late Feb.'07 for a contact lens fitting. I recvd a trial pair of contact lenses, & I signed a document saying I had 30 days to resolve any issues. I had no issues- my lenses were fine when I wore them, & my glasses prescription was fine. I called at the end of Jan. '08, & attempted to get a new pair of contacts.  The clinic will not give me my prescription, nor will they sell me any lenses. The clinic claims that by not coming back within 30 days, I lost my ability to get new lenses or a copy of my presription. Nowhere on the form I signed does it say that if I don't come back that I lose my right to my prescription. No one at the clinic stated that if I didn't come to a follow up appointment that I would lose my prescription. If their form said anything about losing my right to fill a prescription, I would have made a return visit. Their form states their return policy for unhappy clients only. Now they are unable to find my file. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	I have been going to this Dr for over 20 years and he is the best.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	0	Dr. performed breast lumpectomy, nurse was obnoxious, only spoke to my husband about 30 sec. after surgery, went to place mamosite and he forgot to place novicane under breast before he started to tug on the baloon to remove it.  then started to shout to his nurse to stop that he had forgot something.  Had to ask about my path report he did not sit down and explain anything.   Will never use again 	1	3	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Seems very good and knows what he's doing. Was professional and understanding of concerns/questions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	-1	ive seen all of his staff drinking at the place where i work, little did i know that was where my child was scheduled to see the doctor i turned around and left when i saw the staff. no way would i want my child to be treated by a **** office staff 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	Dr. Unruh was the most disappointing doctor that I have ever had.  He left me in pain hoping than an anal abcess would eventually &quot;go away.&quot;  It didn't and a week later he had to cut me open and insert drains.  It was one of the most horrible experiences I have ever had with a doctor and his arrogance appalled me.  I told him the whole week I was in the hospital it was an abcess, but he chose to ignore me.  I have told as many people as I can to stay away from him and I will continue until he retires.   He needs to be disbarred! 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	Dr. Unruh did my sonshernia surgery when he was seven. Everything went very well he healed quickly. I have no complaints. I remember the nurses at the hospital commenting on how he likes to close himself and how gentle he is. My son is now 18 and does not even have a visible scar left. He was recommended by the family practioner we had at the time.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	-1	Dr. Unruh did 2 surgeries on me, the first one was trying to correct the second one.  It started out as a hemmroidectomecty but ended up being an ordeal that became unbearable.  Dr. Unruh would not listen to me when I told him I had an anal ab cess and he put me through torture having me wait until he decided to do surgery on what was an &quot;anal abcess&quot; after all according to him.  I am very disappointed in the way I was treated and I don't think anyone deserves to be treated like I was and left to suffer for 2 weeks.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	-1	I have had 3 surgeries with Dr. Unruh and he has been trying to correct the problems from the 1st surgery. I have to go to a new Dr. to try to get everything fixed. It has been a year of heck for me! 		2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	What I like best is her professional demeanor.  She is a delight and has a fresh approach to her practice.  Highly recommend her! 	5	5	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	She wasn't personable at all and really not knowledgable in the questions we asked.  No preventive measures were taken to reduce the risk of me having EXTREMELY premature baby and we really discourage others to go through that experience as well with this dr 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	0	Dr. was recommended by my neighbor. First time pregnancy for me, she appeared very impersonal almost intimidating. I did not feel comfortable speaking with her, she did not seem approachable. I ended up having a miscarriage and at no time whatsoever did she show ANY sympathy or emotion toward the situation. She might as well be a robbot. 	5	5	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Very sensitive to needs, fantastic bedside manner always appears calm and makes you feel like you are her only patient despite the waiting room being full.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	She is a good Dr. Her staff is great. The only thing is she's not very personal. I feel she could give more attention. Im a first time mother and not really sure if i want to use her for delivery then you dont know if she's gonna deliver or an on call doctor will.  	3	5	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	I rated Dr. Uddin on him he is GREAT. It's the new Dr. (Dr. Cooper) he has there now that is the problem. She isn't very helpful when you ask question and she contradicted herself several times. When I would try to get a clarification she seemed irritated. (This is after she prescribed my toddler a high dose of medicine that has us at the ER previously) If you make your appt. for fist thing in the morning you get right in anytime after 11 you will have a long wait. The staff is always friendly and helpful.  	5	3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	0	The Dr performs his check ups at an ok level, however his staff is rude and very unprofessional. Most of them seem unqualified and and have attitude towards children whom they think are to loud. This is not the profession they should be in if they can't take children playing or crying, they most not be educated enough to know that the reason these children are even there is BECAUSE they are sick! 	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	I have been bring my children&lt; 5 Girls ages 11 months to 11 yrs.&gt; here for over 7 years everything was great at firt but within the last year or so  everything in this office is wrong... They are more worried about money and not patients ... they see way to many patients.... you will wait atleat 2 hrs to go back unless you get lucky or show up 1st in the morning 30 mins before they open.  The office staff is very rude  and not helpful or caring... the doctors do not care and are not helpful or very knowledgeable.  A friend of mines child was hospitalized and now lives everyday with a problems that could have been prevented if the doctors took their time and paid attention to him I am in the process of changing doctors now and would never go back.. I have tried to vioce my concern to them  and nothing has changed. I tried to wait  and see if it would get better b/c my kids have gone there so long but it hasn't! So all I can say is I hope no one else gets in this mess with these doctors.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
15	1	The staff was not helpful. The Dr. seemed helpful and knowledgeable. He knew all the questions to my answers and is very intelligent. Although my 12 month old did not care for him. One of his interns seemed more concerned and caring then he. I would not recomend this doctor. Mainly because of his staff. After my last visit I have not returned.  	1	2	3	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
15	1	Dr's office staff would not accept the medicaid form and wanted payment before I even signed in. The front staff were very rude and not helpful or understanding. The office manager was not available to speak with. The front staff could have verified eligibility online but they refused to do this. I like Dr. Uddin but his staff are lacking in people skills and their office policy is very rigid so I would not recommend this doctor to anyone.  	1	1	4	4 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
16	-1	Dr. Uppal used my mother as a guinea pig and ultimately killed her. Over the years, Dr. Uppal put my mother on various medications that she did not even need. Every time my mother would voice the slightest complaint to Dr. Uppal, she would prescribe more pills. Eventually, my mother was on 14 different medications that Dr. Uppal had prescribed. When my mother complained about having problems digesting food, Dr. Uppal told her she had acid reflux and prescribed yet more medications. If she would have done her job, Dr. Uppal would have performed diagnostic testing and found out that my mother had stomach cancer. By the time my mother went to an orthopedic doctor for what she thought was a broken arm, she found out that the stomach cancer had spread to her bones and liver and 2 months later she was dead. Please save your own life and DO NOT go to Dr. Uppal! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr. Ulrich is awesome!  Very knowledgeable, very helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Very patient and listens, very knowledgeable and offers options if needed to correct problem.  Always takes the time to &quot;hear you&quot;.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
18	-1	Dr. Ubaldo is extremely arrogant and doesnt care how he treats his staff or his patients.  Today, I heard him yelling at someone on the phone.  The last person that rated this Doctor must have mistaken someone else for his Office Manager.  The Office Manager was the only good thing about this office.  He was there a very short time but made a huge difference.  Everytime the Doctor made a mistake the Office Manager took care of it immediately and then called me the next day to make sure everything was OK.  He would check on the time you spent waiting and try to move you in to see the Doctor asap.  The Doctor was the hold up.  You dont find an Office Manager in a Clinic like that anymore.  Believe me, this Doctor makes a lot of mistakes.  I found out today his Office Manager resigned. He was the only reason I stayed with Dr. Ubaldo the last couple of months; he cared. PEOPLE, you will regret it if you go to this Doctor now.  Dont do it.  There are plenty of good doctors around Katy.  	 4/12/11	5	1	2	Insurance:Humana
18	-1	There isn't much communication about what is going on.There is no follow up. It's hard to get an appointment even if you are really sick.They do call with test results but always say..the dr. said everything was &quot;normal&quot; I have to go in and get a copy printed out so I can actually see what my &quot;normal&quot;test results are ,and it's a big hassle to get a printout when they should have one ready in my file. He has taken in too much of a patient load. His office manager was really snotty to me for NO reason.OMG there are so many other Dr.'s to try so I don't have to deal with all that anymore. When he first started that office it was SO much better.It was what a good office is supposed to be.  HOWEVER, I will say that he always correctly diagnosed my illnesses and gave me the correct medication to treat the symptoms. It's a shame about all the rest. 	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	not enough staff and there is a big turn over. very,very long wait and then he doesn't spend time with you. I'm tired of his moods and I'm not confident in his care of my health.Too many prescriptions.You need to wait to get you lab results. 	3	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	After you have made an appointment and taken the time off work. Even after sitting in his office for hours, you take a chance of being rudely told by his receptionist that the Dr. had an emergency and had to leave. When you do get the chance to be seen after hours of waiting of course, he rushes into the room and signs whatever prescriptions his nurses already wrote out and then leaves. He doesn't say more than &quot;hello&quot;. Very uncaring. Just looking for more money from your pocket. Not to mention the cursing and yelling he does to his nurses. Very hostile environment! 	5	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Dr. Ubaldo is one of the best doctors in the West Houston area. He is friendly and is very helpful with diagnosing problems. I highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
18	-1	His staff is the worst.  Long wait times.  Almost impossible to get presctiption refills; very rude staff on phone when call.  The doctor always in a hurry, doesn't always answer your questions.  No one ever returns calls.  Would like to cahnge doctors, but husband overlooks everything.  Ugh! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
18	-1	Dr. Ubaldo is extremely rude.  He has no problem prescribing drugs that will get you addicted and then cut you off at any time he wants. I was on a medicine that required a visit every two months but he and his business mgr. would always find a reason for me to have to come in every month just so he could get his money. That is another story, some people get charged $95, some $75 and some $40 depending on your income. The nurses are extremely rude and they will talk about your medical history and the reason you are there in front of other patients, which some of you might know is very illegal. This place seems to me to be nothing more than a so-called &quot;pill mill&quot;. Do not use this doctor. He did not even go to an American medical school. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
18	0	Transferred here with another doctor. She left, which meant I transferred to Dr Umbaldo. I made my first appointment and was warned by the person making the appt to be 15 mins early to fill in forms. Fair enough! I arrived early and completed the forms 10 mins before my scheduled appt time. I was then moved from one waiting room to another after 20 mins. 30 mins later, I was taken to the treatment room and was asked the same questions which I'd answered on the forms and in waiting room #2. I then sat for 40 mins on my own, with no updates, waiting for the doctor. He breezed into the room, 1 1/2 hours after my appt time, no apology for the delay, just &quot;What can I do for you&#63;&quot;. He listened to what I told him, never examined me at all and then told me that I'd need a blood test and he'd await the results. After the blood test, I'd been in the surgery for over 2 hours. After the results are back, I'll be looking for another doctor.  I cannot afford to spend 2 hours getting a blood test! 	3	1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	I've been going to him for years - and once you actually get to see him he knows what he's doing..I ABSOLUTELY hate the wait that I always have no matter what time the appt is...and over the years, he's had a HUGE turnover of staff and doctors - lately, i've been giving some serious thought to changing my PCP to another doctor..I work and am on a time frame - and his punctuality is getting worse and worse...I need to find a good doctor and one that is punctual and doesn't overbook... I will be sad to leave his practice - but i gotta do what i gotta do! 	4	1	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
18	0	Had to change to another doctor due to the way he handled me and my family.  After waiting for hours, when he finally came in the room he would spend 2 minutes at the most with you.  He never looks in ears, throat or for that matters even listen to your chest or heart beat.  He starts writing on the prescription pad the minute he walks in the door.  Just plain awful treatment.  I think he is arrogant.  	2	1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	Been to see him for 10 years. I have no complaints except for the lenght of waiting time which has increased because of his growing practice 30 min-1 hour. The staff is nice, never been rude to me. He has always joked with me but has never been improper. The other comments here about his flirting are disturbing. I've never seen that in him.  	5	2	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	-1	I'VE BEEN A PATIENT OF HIS OVER 7 OR 8 YRS. SINCE HE MOVED ON HIS OWN TO KATY.  HIS BED SIDE MANNERS HAVE DROPPED WITH HIM ALWAYS FUSTRATED IN A HURRY TO SEE PATIENTS AND YELLING AND CURSING OUT THE STAFF FOR THERE INCOMPIT. THE NURSES NEVER RETURN CALLS AND IF YOU CALL THEM PLEASE BE PREPARED TO GET YELLED AT FOR DISTURBING THEM. HE HAS GOTTEN RUDE AND IS ALWAYS CANCELLING APT. USUALLY THERE IS NOT ENOUGH STAFF MEMBERS ON BOARD SO YOUR WAIT IS SOO LONG.INSTEAD OF ATTENDING TO WHAT I HAVE TO SAY HE IS ALWAYS WORRIED ABOUT MY LOVE LIFE.  BEWARE WOMEN!ALSO ALWAYS CHECK YOUR INSURANCE CLAIMS THEY HAVE TENDACY TO FILE IMPROPER CLAIMS FOR PROCEDURES THAT NEVER TOOK PLACE. 	3	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	We followed another Dr. to this location. When she left they assigned another Dr. to us. When he left I got Dr. Ubaldo. Cold, unfriendly. Count on at least a 1-1/2 hour wait to get in, minimum. That's just for a blood test to keep getting your prescription. Nurses don't return phone calls to other clinics. I always had to get involved and call to find out why they wouldn't call. I am currently filling out forms to move my family elsewhere.  	2	1	3	4 	Insurance:Aetna
18	1	Great doctor! He cares and will always answer all of your questions you have even if he is very busy. If you have alot of questions you might want to write them down so that you don't forget when you get there.He is trusted and and respected by so many patients.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	-1	I have stopped going to this doctor and will not refer any of my friends or family members to him. He is quick to prescribe any kind of medicine to you or your family just to get you out of the office and on to the next patient. I made the mistake of taking my high school daughter there and he gave her Adderal for her trouble in focusing in school when all she needed was to have a little more guidance from him as to what was really wrong. He was quick to diagnosis problems that you really did not have. 	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	I don't like this Doctor. I trusted him with my health and he began to flirt with me and ask me out. I felt very uncomfortable and have trouble trusting male Doctors because of him. I told him I had a lot of pain and he laughed at me as if I were joking. Women beware!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	Took 3 minutes, wrote 2 prescriptions without telling me what they were and he was gone.  By far the worst doctor I have been to.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
18	1	Dr. Ubaldo is great at figuring out what is causing your problem. He has been a great doctor for 15 years for our family. His specialty is internal medicine and that makes him so good at diagnosing. Everyone stays loyal to him because he is so smart, yet kind and he listens!I would drive 100 miles just to see him, rather than change doctors, thank goodness he stays in Katy area. A doctor you can trust, plus he sends you to specialists if you need them. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	After about 2 years I've had to take my business elsewhere.  I appreciate Dr. Ubaldo's knowledge and his ability to help me however, his practice has gotten so large that if my appt. is at 8am - I can plan to be there till 2pm.  I've often not gotten in to see him until an 1 1/2 hours after my initial appt.  By the time I get into his office, I&quot;m feeling worse.  	2	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	He is a very good doctor. I've seen him for about 15 years and I learned early to trust him because he has ALWAYS given me the right treatment. He is a bit rushed because he is busy,but if you need to ask questions he'll thke the time to answer them and ask you if there is anything else before he leaves.The best time for an appointment is around 2:00- he doesn't seem so rushed then.They even have saturday appointments until 12:00.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	As his practice has grown he seems a little bit in a hurry but I guess that is all doctors now. He is spot on for getting me well and thats what matters. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	good Doc. Usually in a good mood. Is respectful. has a growing practice, speaks spanish, nice staff. Knows what he is doing.I've been going to see him for 10 years.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	. family run, GREAT people; if you need a dentist see a great person and dentist! He saved my fathers life-from an xray, and referrals 12 stars 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
20	1	Great physician - very knowlegeable &amp; easy to talk to 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	She is the best and help save my husbands live, by detecting is closed mitral valve.  She insisted that they operate which saved his life 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
21	1	Dr. Urano has been my OBGYN for 15 years. He has been supportive and very informative. All of my questions are answered clearly and to my expectations. He has a very warm way about him. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	0	the dr is a wonderful person but his staff very poor in customer service 	3	2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Dr. Uzquiano delivered my three babies and found a tumor on my pituatary gland.  He has been my doctor for the last 27 years and I absolutely LOVE, LOVE, LOVE him!!!!  He is extremely trustworthy, has the BEST bedside manner, and takes good, good care of his patients.  Several times I was uneasy about a certain test I had to take during my pregnancies and he was alwasy so reassuring that everything was fine and everything was going to turn out just fine.  And they always did.  Dr. Uzquiano is the best doctor I know and I highly recommend him to anyone who is looking for a GOOD doctor who really cares about his patients.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
22	1	I'm 32 and have always had infertiliy poblems after my third misscarage i gave up until a friend reccomended Dr. Uzquiano. Now i've had 2 pregnancies. He is such a great doctor. I live in Cypress and I don't mind driving 2 hours for his service he is such a great caring person his staff as well. I reccomend him highly to women that have problems conceiving.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
22	1	Dr. Nelson Uzquiano is a dedicated and caring physician. You can tell that he is concerned about your well-being. He is compasionate and has an excellent bedside manner. I highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	I have been seeing Dr. Urban for 8 years.  She is gentle, smart, capable and hilarious.  I look forward to dental visits.  She gives the BEST shots, too.  Highly recommend.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
24	1	Dr. Urine, is an excellent doctor. Very knowledgeable. I would like to have all my children with her if she would hire a different nurse.  	1	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
25	-1	 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	I love this doctor she is the best the waiting is a little long but Its well worth it. Some people just dont know what to appreciate whats good. Doctor takes her time to listen to every patient.  Highly recommend her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
26	-1	PROBLEMATIC doctor.  I had to appeal her decision to code my routine office visit and related lab test as linked to a bone and cartilage disorder.  It was resulting in over $600 of bills at my expense when I have insurance to cover routine preventative visits and tests.  She based the decision on a very minimal result of oesteopenia which is not considered a bone disorder and is treatable by taking calcium + D.  She sees patients out of order when an appointment has been made.  She does not respond well to queries and refuses to alter previous decisions.  My deductible was $1,200 per year but routine well adult office visits and tests are covered 100% when the doctor codes things the way they should be coded.  After sending results to Aetna they agreed that the doctor was incorrect. She also called me 'skinny' when my weight is exactly correct for my height.  I should be permitted to charge her for the time I spent on phone calls, faxes and communication over her bad decision.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
27	0	I needed to get a colonoscopy and they required an office visit and then the colonoscopy. I was very dissatisified with the colonoscopy.   The indicated that the Dr would stop by before it and he literally only leaned in room and said &quot;Hi&quot; -- that was it -- one word.  Additionally, he pushed it back by 1 hour after I was already hooked up with the IV.  His office visit was also substandard.  I do not recommend this Dr.  	1	1	2	4 	Insurance:Aetna
27	-1	I waited on Dr. Utts for 45 minutes before I was even taken back, then I had to wait another 5 for the PA to show. I spoke to her for 5 minutes and then she told me he would be right in. I waited at least 20 minutes before I heard Dr. Utts go into a different room! I walked out and got my copay refunded, and never even saw Dr. Utts.  	3	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	-1	Dr. Utts is one of the worst doctors I've ever had the displeasure of dealing with.  I went in to see him based on malabsorption problems I was experiencing.  After testing me only for celiac and having a colonoscopy he diagnosed me with IBS & sent me on my way with a pamphlet that he authored in college about IBS.  I went back for a second opinion, and the second doctor had me submit a fecal fat test which showed a significant amount of fat passing through unabsorbed.  I then returned to Dr. Utts who proceeded to treat me like I was mentally unstable at every appointment & refused to even acknowledge the fat test by saying the lab &quot;probably messed it up&quot;.  He didn't take it well that I didn't agree with his faulty IBS diagnosis  He then had me take Xifaxan which I couldn't tolerate, and after a Pill Cam study turned up nothing he basically told me he wasn't going to help me any more and that I should go somewhere else.   He is one of the most condescending doctors I've ever dealt with! 	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	My child had what I thought was a stomach ache but I took her in anyway to see our doctor because she kept going in and out of feeling good.  Well our doctor was out for that day so we saw Dr. Urbani.  She looked over my child carefully and mentioned to keep on eye on her because she might have appendix issues.  I didn't think so because her symptoms weren't textbook AT ALL.  Anyway, SHE HAD APPENDICITIS..I took her to the ER the next day.  The doctor was right!! Even the ER doctor didn't believe it, we took test after test then finally they gave in becuase I kept mentioning what Urbani had said, they gave her an abdominal ultrasound and YES, SHE NEEDED HER APPENDIX out.  I am thankful for this doctor everyday! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	I would never in a million years reccommend this doctor to anyone. She is arrogant beyond words.  She thinks her word is the absolute athority on everything and its not to be questioned.  So, if you have an opinion on anything at all, or have half a brain and can think for yourself, this isnt the doctor for you.  Unprofessional would go on my list of describing works as well.  The other doctors in this practice are great....but avoid her altogether. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	First time I saw her, she seemed like an ok doc. The second time I went in for an annual, she decided that I was too over weight and needed to start a super restrictive diet with a drug to supress my appetite (I'm actually lucky if I feel hungry once in a day and my weight hadn't changed from the year before and I exercise regularly). All to lose 10lbs in a week. Oook. I had my regular MD fax a request for my medical records when we were tweaking some of my many medications. The records were never sent. I had to transport it myself. Read my file and found that they listed my shortness of breath as caused by being over weight and that I eat chocolate 3X a day. I have hereditary allergic asthma and I had an inhaler listed with my medications that I take daily. I eat sweets of any sort maybe once a week. When ever you call to talk to anyone, you have to listen to advertisements from their spa for botox injections while you are on hold. And you will be on hold. A lot. If they answer.  	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
29	1	I am old and have had many gynec., we moved here 3 years ago. First appt., she sat down with me in her office 15 minutes and we talked about everything relating to health. The she conducted professional exam and comfortable. I like her very very much and see her 1-2 times year and each time the same--great. She is the best I have ever had and there have been maybe 15 in my lifetime.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
29	-1	Don't see her! She'll remove whatever she wants during surgery, without your permission or cause.   Then she doesn't care what you have to say about it or that she put you under anesthesia and completely violated your body!!!!!  She should not have a license to practice medicine! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	Dr. Umholtz has been my Dr. for 20 years, including 3 pregnancies and two births. I completely trust her with my care. She's a wonderful Dr., direct, caring, experienced and knowledgeable.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	I switched drs after she delivered my first baby. While I know Dr Umholtz is a great dr and feel confident about her abilities... her bedside manner was not what I want in a doctor. Also, i got induced and was in labor for 12 hours. the last 30 minutes was me with my legs up and the baby crowning - and being told to wait for the dr - who had not yet left her house despite the nurses calling saying the baby was coming.  	1	2	2	5 	Insurance:Humana
29	1	I adore Dr Umholtz! She has been my doctor for fifteen years and I am completely satisfied with her and trust her thoroughly with her decisions! She has delivered two beautiful healthy children of mine and was extremely cautious with both pregnancies. I had high blood pressure in one and bleeding during my first trimester with the second one...but she acted cautiosly with both and always had concern for me and my pregnancies! If you want a doctor that gives you the warm and fuzzies..maybe she is not the one for you...but if you want a doctor that knows what she is doing and is direct with your options and what needs to be done... in order for you and your unborn child or children to be as healthy as possible then she is the one for you! She also helped me through some medical issues such as cysts when I was younger! Super doctor and HIGHLY respected throughout the medical field! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	I have worked as an L&D; nurse at Medical Center Plano for over 15 years.  During that time, I have had numerous opportunities to work with Dr. Umholtz; I am also a patient of hers.  I have always found her to be calm in a crisis, knowledgable and always current on treatment guidelines and new procedures, and caring for her patients.  I also appreciate her timeliness and respect for those she works with.  I have referred many family members and friends to her and they have always been impressed.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
29	1	Efficient, helpful and direct.   Answered all my questions and helped me thru a difficult high risk pregnancy 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	My wife was bleeding in her first pregnancy, and was referred to her by the ER doctor. The next day, we went to her office and got in quickly. Dr. Umholtz herself performed an ultrasound to see that the baby's heart had stopped beating and that my wife was going thru a miscarriage. We were devastated. She took us into her office and was very helpful and understanding as well as compassionate. She let me have the option to let it go naturally or to have a D and C, and suggested the D and C might be less traumatic. She was right. Two months later, we were pregnant naturally with twins. Dr. Umholtz was amazing throughout the whole pregnancy. She listened and was attentive. At 35 weeks, one of the twins had slowed growth, and after discussing it, she decided we should have a C Section the following day. She was very efficient in surgery and with followup. Dr. Umholtz is straight to the point and doesn't worry about things that ought not be worried about. She is the best OBGYN we have seen.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
29	1	I have gone to Dr. Umholtz for many years and have been very pleased with her and her services.  She did my hysterectomy/bladder lift about a year and a half ago and I have had no problems with it.  She was very caring and compassionate. When I developed slight osteoporosis, she worked with me to get me on the right kind of meds to help my bones, but a med that wouldn't interfere with my fibromyalgia.  I go back to her each year and highly respect her and her knowledge of medicine.  	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
29	1	She delivered my child and tied tubes and was great.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	-1	It is absolutely true,did mistaken my medical history numerous time!Had her taking care of my pregnancy,her staff was so rude,I was in labor,called the office and her nurse was sending me home, she did not believe me,I refused,went to the hospital, and I was in labor, was too early, the labor was stopped.Had car accident,ended up on the observation 24 hours,was in and out of the hospital after that with various issues.Had high blood pressure,was bloated-nurses were asking me if my doctor saw me recently,I said yes,they were just silent after that.Was in labor 72 hours!Did not want to have a c-section,I did not realize what I was getting myself into,I could not even stand about 68 hours into it,never the less push the baby!Cried to the nurse she said lets wait until morning, developed an infection/fever, since water was broken earlier,baby was in distress. Epidural was performed 2 times,1st time numbed wrong area!Baby was in NICU,I was having infections.  	1	5	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
29	-1	RUN don’t walk away from Dr Umholtz.  I'd been trying unsuccessfully to get pregnant but had an ovarian cyst.  I agreed to surgery to remove the cyst but desperately wanted to save my ovary.  However she kept on going on about the possibility of cancer even though I had explained several times that there is a family history.  She promised to inform my waiting husband and mother as soon as she determined the nature of the cyst.  Did she&#63; No.  She removed my ovary despite my fertility concerns.  My mother (a doctor OB GYN-trained herself) asked Dr Umholtz numerous questions that she could not satisfactorily answer.  Post operative office visits were unprofessional.  She frequently mistook my medical history and records for other patients even as it related to medication.  This woman once gave me a physical exam so forcefully that I thought she was tearing my insides out.  The best thing she did: refer me to another Dr.  She said with complete insensitivity ‘You have too many issues’.  	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
29	-1	Dr.Umholtz was my doctor through my first pregnancy and I regret it, dont make the same mistake.  After going to two other doctors and almost in my second trimester I settled for her.  She is not compassionate--just doing her job. When I had questions for her she looked at me like i was stupid for asking. I planned to have a natural birth and Dr. umholtz was aware of it.  But in my transition stage of labor she suggested that I have a c-section or go on with labor pains for hours or maybe days.  At this time--the idea seemed like an option because I was in so much pain. And I decided to have a c-section since after 3 hrs my daughter had not moved down my cervix.  I just wish she wouldn't have suggested this, since she knew the condition I was in-transition stage of labor- and since she knew i wanted a natural birth.  	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
29	-1	Dr. Umholtz can be a good doctor but she is definitely not for me. If you get her on a bad day, she can be rude and make you feel like your wasting her time. I think she is not compassionate about her patients. She makes you feel like your opinions are not worth listening to. I like doctors who are knowledgable and care about their patients. 	3	5	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	I was referred to Dr. Umholtz by another doctor whom I trust. If you are seeking a doctor who will listen to your concerns and give you thoughtful insight or advice- Dr. Umholtz is not the doctor for you, in my opinion. I have found her dismissive, caustic, abrupt, and callous. She has earned the respect of her peers (see other reviews), but as a patient, I have little respect for a doctor who speaks down to their patients. I've seen Dr. Umholtz a few times and each visit is consistent with regard to her disposition. Perhaps it is an extension of her normal personality. Needless to say, I am finding a new doctor.  	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	I've not only been Dr. Unholtz's patient for about 15 years, but I've also had the pleasure of spending a decade working with her in surgery. I adore her as my doctor; I continue to see her even after moving far from the Plano area. In surgery she's wonderful to the staff, knowledgeable about the surgeries, and does the job quickly (without rushing!). She personifies efficiency, kindness, and knowledge.  :) 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	I have been seeing Dr. Umholtz for almost a decade. No matter where I live, I travel to see her. I have a complex medical history & she helps me sort through the best treatment options and is so much better than the male doctors I saw prior to meeting her. I rate her as the best of the best.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	Dr. Ulmer is a true treasure.  He is honest, kind, knowledgeable, emphatic, and a true perfectionist with patient care, research testing, procedure and treatment.  He and his staff go the extra mile to treat patients with respect and to attend to patient comfort and care. If you searched the world over, you could not find a better Hematologist/Oncologist or staff. I am blessed to be one of his patients and I am so grateful to him and his his staff for outstanding treatment.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
30	1	My Mother is a patient for South Texas Oncology and speaks to everyone. very highly of Doctor Scott Ulmer. She and we as a family are thankful & blessed to have a good insurance for her from her Job as well. I am pleased to know every visit for labs, shot clinic or just a visit, the entire staff of RN nurses a friendly. The entire treatment and research department always has a smile. My # 1 Doctor and Nursing Staff for My Mom is Incrediable and Inviting as Always. God Bless ~ 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	I was previously a big chicken when it came to Dentist's in general having a couple of bad experiences. Dr. Um goes the extra mile to ensure comfort and I can say that I have never been hurt during an office visit enduring as much as a root canal and crown.  Two thumbs up no doubt! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
32	-1	lack of responsiveness.  My father passed away and we waited more than 5 days for the death certificate to be signed 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	Dr Uy jumps to conclusions before he even hears out what you have to say. His staff is the worst I've seen. I was overcharged for my visit and after 2 months, 10 calls, numerous false promises to call me back, and the general runaround, they still have not issued me the check they promised me. Avoid at all costs.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Assurant
34	1	Awesome doctor! He is always very nice and helpful. In my opinion he is one of the best docs in Uvalde, Tx.  :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
34	1	HE DELIVERED MY SON, AND TIED MY TUBES. GREAT DOCTOR.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
34	1	I felt comfortable and not rushed when I saw him! He really took his time instead of rushing in and out like most doctors do!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	This doctor has poor communication skills and general attitude.  She speaks as if her word is final and superior to that of the patient. Dont use her.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
35	-1	 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Caring  doctor  and good staff. We  never have  to wait  long  to  get  in  to  see  the  doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
36	-1	The doctor will not take phone calls from patients.  I had an issue where I needed to speak with the doctor about calling in some medicine for my daughter.  He has called in this type of medication before, no problem.  The nurse called me back and he said that he wouldn't be able to call it in.  This has happened in the past when she hadn't seen him in a while.  However, she was there less than a month ago.  I asked the nurse if I could speak the doctor and he refused to get on the phone.  Needless to say, I am switching my daughters pediatrician.  My insurance is not even covered through this doctor.  He has been her doctor since she was a baby and I hated to switch.  After several issues, this was it.  I have paid good money to keep him as her pediatrician and he couldn't even get on the phone and discuss it with me.  	3	4	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	I was referred by my Endocronologist to Dr. Ulrich. He has been pleasant, right to the point and a God send to me and my Sister. I was diagnosed and received relief for the pain without pain meds. My sister was referred by me due to a 2 year problem with pain in her left arm and shoulder. No other Dr. would run tests and he ordered test on the first visit to find Arterial issues that needed surgery immediatly.  He saved her life. Please listen to what he says and he can improve your life or even save it. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	There are other doctors, try them. At first nice but after a year, he does not seem to care. He makes you feel like a rat in a lab. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	This guy suppose to be the top refered by baylor hospital system Dallas. The guy has no clue what he is doing and doesn't help his patients in my personal opinion and experience. I wasted time with this guy and he had no clue what was causing the problem. This doctor is as good as it gets. Try is or take my words and look for a better Neurologist practice beside this place called DALLAS PA something. These morons are the oncall doctors for Hospital in Dallas Baylor in Downtown so don't expect much help from the hospital or doctor affiliation. Total of my time waste. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
38	-1	He never has time...always late..hs been rude lately. Doesnt care about patient..wont send medical records.  He used to be an awsome doctor trust him 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
38	-1	staff and doctor are not concerned with the welfare of patients- only to get you in and out ASAP- Dr.  Updegrove has NO time to listen and forgets what you tell him after 5 minutes- receptionist is RUDE and nurse can not follow up on what she needs to do 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
39	-1	Last 3 times I went it took over 1 hour. I waited over 30 minutes before I was called in and another 20 to see her and the entire visit last over 1 hour, most of which was just waiting for either the nurse or the doctor.  Her staff seems not knowledgeable and they were very slow. I did not feel comfortable at all with her latest nurse.  I was never contacted back for test results.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	Excellent doctor. Caring and mindful follow-up care.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
39	1	Not a particularly good bedside manner; referred for tests that I couldn't afford at the time, either the money or the time it would take and I wasn't able to engage her in alternative options since she never came back to finish up with any questions I had; her nurse was sent in to give me the paperwork to go somewhere else to get the blood work done and she was no longer available. Her staff wasn't any better. . not unpleasant but not pleasant either. .  Two visits to her in total and I would not go back or recommend her to anyone else. My husband also found her communication skills lacking; she is obviously skilled in her knowledge but clueless about the need for her to allow for a dialogue to address any patient concerns. Office personnel with the prevous doctor was a contrast of night and day (she took over an existing practice). A textbook example of what is experienced when the doctor/patient are not on the same page re expectations. 	2	3	2	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	Wonderful doc for pregnancy and delivery but beware if you have Endometriosis. Having endometriosis requires seeing a endometriosis specialist. Most OB/GYN's will tell you they treat endo, but you will be subjected to multiple surgeries because are NOT effectively eradicating the disease.  Join Endometriosis Research Group on facebook to learn more and save yourself a lot of pain, time, and money 	3	1	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	Dr. Uribe is absolutely phenomial! A mind of knowledge and made of outstanding character. He always makes sure you understand 100% and ensures all questions are answered. I am totally convinced he goes ubove and beyond in every patient he sees. I cannot express enough how pleased I am with everything from my first visit to the last stitch of my c-section.  I will continue to tell everyone I know in need of a gynecologist/ OBGYN all about him!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	Dr. Uribe did an excellent job using forcepts on my son due to issues during labor. Even our pediatrician was impressed with how &quot;little&quot; bruising our son had on his head, which was barely a spot. The office is extremely busy and I have waited for almost 2 hours before. When you are the one in the delivery room though- you want the Doctor worried about you and not how long his patients are waiting on him, his trained staff can handle this. Also, very caring when delivering not so good news regarding BCRA1&2 testing...now worries Doc....not your fault.  	4	1	4	5 	Insurance:Humana
40	1	Excellent doctor and very human and understandable of each individual person and your needs.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
40	1	Very busy practice, but for good reason. Dr. Uribe is knowledgeable and a very skilled doctor (and surgeon). His nurse practitioner Julie is wonderful, as are all of his nurses. I keep going to him even though he's busy! 		3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Very professional and I felt at ease immediately.  Very good experience. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Dr. Urbanek worked me in with an emergency and my problem was fixed within 30 minutes.  He did minor surgery and was wonderful.  His staff was helpful and friendly.  He listened and also made me feel like he cared about me and what I was feeling.  I would recommend him to anyone needing an oral surgeon 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Very knowledgable, thorough, and very nice.  Really listens to you and explains things well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	A very respectable, thorough, thoughtful doctor whom you can easily tell her patients mean alot to her. Takes the time to address any questions and doesn't make you feel as if your concerns are &quot;stupid&quot;.  One in a million here! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
44	1	I wouldn't trust my children with any other doc.  He is empathetic, trustworthy, and my kids LOVE him.   We have been patients for 8 years, and even though I have moved to a neighborhood farther away, I wouldn't change doctors for the world! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
44	1	Dr. Unite is the BEST pediatrician there is hands down. My children have been going to him for 11 years now, and I don't have the words to describe how awesome he is. I would recommend him to anyone looking for a pediatrician. Sincerely, Sheila Michelle Messina 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	My son has been seeing Dr. Unite for 9 years now. He is the most incredible physician and I come from a family of physicians. I'm picky. He takes his time, has called my home to check on my son and is very kind and patient with my son. I drive from south Austin now to continue putting my son's care in Dr. Unite's hands. He is absolutely phenominal! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Dr. Unite is wonderful!  Another rater had it right: the wait time is excessive, he is not on call over the weekend, etc., and I have not had much luck with his choices in nurse practitioners, but I have been willing to overlook these things because he is so great with my kids.  He does not overreact to symptoms by requesting all kinds of testing and does not give you a prescription for every sniffle.  He has been our pediatrician for 5 years, and I wouldn't change. 	3	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Excellent pediatrician!!! Will listen to you, genuinely concerned, knowledgable.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
44	1	Have gone to Dr. Unite for 3.5 years. He is very helpful, doesn't mind a million questions (for the first time parent), and patient. The only bad things are: wait time in the office can at times be pretty long, his appts are usually booked out far in advance, and the docs aren't on call on the weekend. You have to call a nurse hotline, and if your call doesn't result in an ER trip, you get billed $13.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
45	-1	truly an awful experience- dr. uwayda was rushed, cold, and had no idea what was going on with my illness.  staff was rude and unprofessional.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
45	1	I love my doctor. She always listens to me and gives me great care. She knows her stuff and I trust her with my life and that of my children.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	Dr. Uwaydah has been my family doctor for over 5 years. I love her she has assisted me in so many ways. She is AWESOME and her staff is also. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	0	Nema is a good Doctor. Her staff lack great customer service.  	2	1	3	3 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
46	1	THEY ACTUALLY CARED ABOUT MY SON.  THE STAFF GENUINELY CARED AND WERE HELPFUL TO GET HIM TO THE CORRECT SPECIALIST 	5	3	5	4 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
46	1	He is a great dr. He is very involved when my kids are sick by calling to see how they are doing. No other doctor I know does that.  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
46	1	Dr. Urrutia is amazing! He was my pediatrician all through out my child hood. He was genuinly concerned about me. One time when a medication caused me to build up extra spinal fluid he continually called my mother to check up on me all throughout the night while I was in the hospital. I have never know a pediatrician to be so involved with his patients. He is a blessing to the lives of many people! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	Dr. Urueta is a very helpful to patients and their parents. He will explain and ask questions until he feels certain that you're well informed of your child's medical problem. He's not like other doctors that perform the routine checkup, write notes on their tablets, give out the prescriptions, and then just leave the room. Without even caring about asking if parents are in understanding of their childs condition.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
47	1	Dr. Urueta has provided treatment for my infant that has truly helped him with his reflux.  He has calmed my worries by answering all my questions patiently and with great professionalism.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	1	Dr. Urueta is a very thorough Dr. with his patients best interest in mind. He has directed us to see the appropriate experts in my daughters many conditions. If it had not been for his thoroughness my daughter who was diagnosed with syringomyelia since at about 4mos.old, would be in a lot of unexplained trouble at the time. She is now 5 years old. He is quick to respond if need be with the team of doctors seeing her for her condition. He is an excellent, caring doctor whom I am unconditionally grateful to have met and allowed him to treat all my 3 children. I wish our town would have more doctors like him. I just pray he never leaves our small town. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	I was afraid to go to a gynecologist, but a friend told me about Dr. Usuga. He was the awesomest og/gyn Ive ever been to. He was kind and compassionate and didn't put me through the dreaded Pap Smear test. I would definitely recommend him to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
49	-1	this Dr. is very arrogant and high on himself.  His staff is not very friendly and not courteous. I coud not recommend him to anyone.  	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	-1	very rude unprofessional and degrading. arrogant attitude. Very sensitive to his ego if questioned.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
49	1	I would recommend Dr. Urrea to anyone.  Excellent surgeon. He gave me my life back.  Yes, you have to wait long, but it is well worth it.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
49	-1	very arrogant, no bedside manner.  He performed a laminectomy &amp; it failed.  He told well I don't know what happened your're the first patient that this procedure doesn't work for.  Also, a very long wait in the office.  unfriendly office staff.  	2	2	1	3 	Insurance:Medicare
49	1	The guy might lack in the pleases and thank yous but he is good at what he does. He is meticulous and calculating. His staff is freindly and his PA is outstanding. He won't talk about the ball game with you but he pays attention to his patients.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	He is honest unapologetic and does not sugar-coat the truth, He will tell you what to expect and what not to, then he gave me back my life. I couldn't walk much, hike or enjoy the outside any more, I couldn't even sit for any length of time, but thanks to Dr. Robert Urrea, I'm alive and living again.  	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
49	-1	we decided to remove the hardware,he said I can start taking the lortabs&quot;that I told him didn't work&quot;but to wait on the valuim.about 2 weeks later the surgery,a few day's after that I ran out of pills,they refused to help me anymore.do yourself a favor (915)533-7465,wish I would have been smart enough to go back to him.oh well it's just pain..  	2	2	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	Very candid.  Great bedside manner.  Easy to get an appointment with.  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
49	-1	This doctor has NO bedide manner. He is rude and patronizing. His personality is hurtful and mean towards his patient. I would not recommend him if he was the last surgeon in the world. 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	I adore this pediatrician and his practice and staff. He and his wife (also a pediatrician) have been EXCELLENT with my children. I read the bad review below, and my guess is that a frightened mother of a sick child blamed the doctor for her child's illness. The Ulanoski's and their staff are WONDERFUL.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
50	-1	Staff is not helpful.  Horrible Customer Service. 	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	Very helpful and concerned doctor....I've been taking my 3 kids to see him ever since I moved to Coppell.  He went that extra mile to get help for one of my kids when I could not anyone else to recognize there was a problem.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
50	1	Dr. Jim has been our ped. for over 10 years.  He's excellent, never a wait more than 5-10 minutes, staff is friendly and professional as well. I cannot understand any poor ratings.  He's so professional, thorough, and has diagnosed all 4 of my children beautifully for all these years.  I wouldn't dream of changing Dr's.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
50	-1	Dr. Ulanoski is not a very knowledgable when it comes to pediatrics.  He not only misdiagnosed my son twice, he sent us to the ER four times in two weeks without coming up with a single result!  Knowing that our son had been on Pedialyte for 2 plus days and vomitting, he sent us home telling us to continue feeding our son the same manner.  Our son soon became even more ill do to malnutrition and was place in the hospital for dehydration and excessive vomitting.  After a four day stay in the hospital, we were still asking for an answer to our sons health problems.  The best conclusion Dr. Ulanoski could give us is that our son must have come down with some type of virus.   When put on the spot about his plan of actions for our sons health, he denied his actions for making the decisions he made.  Terrible Doctor.  	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
51	1	EXTREMELY PERSONABLE AND KNOWLEDGEABLE. GREAT SURGEON.  SAVED MY MOM'S FOOT 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
52	1	Dr. Ubhayakar is an excellent doctor. He spent alot of time with me and listen to my problems. Very caring physician.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tufts
53	1	very nice 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	HE is an amazing doctor. He cares about his patients and is very respectful. I highly recommend hi to any one needing a doctor in ID.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
55	-1	I just wanted to say that Dr. Updyke provided us with the same 'service'. My daughter has a fused tooth, which he made a big deal about to his whole office, and was probably the only reason he took XRays... Anyway, he told us the tooth needed to come out ASAP and then relayed the same story about the traveling anesthesiologist. He also stated that he would have to shut down his office during the procedure--which we would have to pay for!! After seeing the other rating on this dentist, we are definitely getting a second opinion!! 		4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
55	-1	I took my son to see Dr. Updyke when I noticed some decay in my son's molar. He never took nor even recommended X-ray exams. He immediately said that I would have to put in under general anaesthesia by a traveling anaesthesiologist (not in a hospital!). He also stated that if I did not use general anaesthesia that I would horrify my son and he would be screaming from pain. I found a fantastic dentist (who took X-rays) who sedated my son with demerol and it worked out wonderfully. Dr. Updyke failed to notice that my son needed a mini-root canal and blamed the sippy cup (and hence me) for all the problems. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	I now live in Florida and realize that Dr. Uy was the best doctor I have ever had.  He takes the time to explain and even goes as far as drawing pictures and charts just to explain it even clearer.  I miss him dearly and wish there were a doctor like him in the Fort Myers area.   Don't take him for granted because from what I have been experencing Good Doctors are Hard to Find!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
56	1	Of the endocrinologists I've had, Dr. Uy was one of the better ones. He was kind and competent, and did help me get my insulin pump. His staff was excellent, and I found his diabetes educator, Mickey Reyes, to be very helpful. My biggest complaint, though, was that in that practice they herded you through like a bunch of cattle most of the time. I don't think he ever spent more than 5 minutes with me, and I had oodles of questions that never got answered because of that. But if you're not the type with a lot of questions, he is a nice and smart doctor. Depends on what you're looking for.  	5	3	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
57	1	Excellent doctor.  Very knowledgeable and professional.  Spends a good amount of time with patients -- I never feel rushed.  Very caring manner.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	-1	When i first transfer to his clinic after moving to tx i was hoping to find someone like my last doctor who was the BEST and wish i would of not moved ,but Dr Upathum was very limited when i first met him he didnt say much he came and check me and i have to he was not gentel after he checked me it hurted bad ! the nurses or midwife were alot gentle and helpful compare to him , even at the hospital when he came to check me it was very painful thank god he didnt deliever my baby girl and it was another doctor who was very nice and understanding.  	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Tricare
58	1	. I think he is an excellent doctor!  He is very informational! 	3	3	4	5 	Insurance:Humana
58	-1	I felt that he wasn't very helpful and informative when I would ask him questions. I usually waited an hour in the little paper gown before I was seen, and then he'd spend about three minutes with me. A midwife who works for him now was the one who actually devlivered my baby and she was great.  	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
58	0	Horrible never let me know results of my tests run! 		1	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	I've been using Dr. Ukwade for over 20 years.  She's absolutely the best doctor I've ever experienced.  Like the others said, the wait time was longer when she was with another 'group' of doctors.  Now that she has her own office, I'm in and out.  Also, I never feel rushed when I'm with her.  She takes the time to explain things and actually listens to my concerns.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
59	1	Dr.Ukwade has been my PCP for about 15yrs. The EMS team suspected a gall bladder attack when I was in excruciating pain for over an hour and then it suddenly subsided and disappeared shortly after they arrived. When I followed up with Dr. Ukwade, she listened and didn't make me feel like a fool. She ordered tests, and they confirmed the diag. of my bad gallbladder. Within a month, I had another horrible attack and ended up having emergency surgery.  My point is that Dr. Ukwade listened to me. Ever since then, I have felt confident in her knowledge and expertise. The wait used to be much longer when she was with a group, but she always devoted equal time to me and her other patients. She never made me feel like I was on a conveyor belt. Now that she has her own office, things are superb. She has a friendly, caring staff,and when calling,you don't end up on a voice mail loop. Dr. Ukwade is very attentive,usually prompt,and interested in your health care.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
59	1	Wonderful doctor!  She has been my PCP for over 10 years.  She is very helpful and on time, which is important when you're taking time off work to visit.  Also, the staff at the office is always pleasent.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	-1	The worst staff I have ever seen! Where do I start. I think he must get kick backs from Global Sleep as he sent me to them after I said I only wanted to go to a place that was in network but they are not in network.  I am being charged 2645.84 for one night of the study.   This is the truth! 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
60	-1	Worst care I have ever had. Will not call back even after being told they would call. Refills on diabetes meds tells pharmacy need appointment but never makes contact with patient.  Stay away from this one 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
60	-1	I wouldn't know much about Dr. Uddin because, even though my daughter has gone to LaPorte Pedi for 10 months, I have never met the read doctor.  he always has his PA's evaluate my daughter-even at 1 week old.  His PA's are idiots to say the least.  They just agree with EVERYTHING you say and NEVER give you advice.  Everyone in the office is rude and trashy--if you actually HAVE insurance like I do, they treat you like an outcast.  They assume everyone has Medicaid.  The office and staff are dirty and they never have the right vaccinations available.  It cost me $70 to get my 10 month old's cough checked.   If you would like to actually SEE your pedi-get a different one than Uddin!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	Dr Uddin is friendly and the young guy is nice but the rest of the staff is inept to say the least.  They could not find my labwork or other tests even though I called and asked if the paperwork had been emailed to their office before I arrived for my appt.  I was told yes, that they had received it but when I went in they could not find it.  I was told by the dr and the receptionist they would find it and call me, they never called me.  The nurse gave me someone else's prescription..thank goodness I noticed it before I left his office. I WILL BE CHANGING DOCTORS. Dr Uddin get your staff under control!! 	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	Dr.Umair has been the Best doctors so far we have met for my two kids, she is pretty,playful with kids and a good knowledge of her stuff, we love her and will stay with her till she cannot see them anymore( agewise).  	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	-1	He just wants people for his studies,yell at my mother never gave us the full name of her brest cancer.... got very upset about a second opinion... was just awful to my 68 year old mother... glad we are some where else...  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	So helpful took the time with both my children were sick at the same time.  DIdnt rush throught the exam either.  Listened to my concerns.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
63	1	TAKES A LOT OF TIME WITH PATIENTS...VERY NICE 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	During my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was a big help.Overall I would rate this visit : good. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	VERY NICE AND ORGANIZED CANT WAIT FOR SERVICES.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
65	1	wonderful and was very efficient. he went out of his way to make me as comfortable as possible. really cared about my teeth and the way they were coming along. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Dr.Updike's staff was courteous and handled my appointment professionally.  	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	-1	.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
67	1	Appts. are always on time.  Cheerful, helpful.   Great Doc! 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
67	1	i write a list of complaints; he views them and we talk about them and he advises  and prescribes meds. reminds me to have tests yearly and helps me understand results. i am quite pleased with him.  	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:Secure Horizons
67	0	Excellent Physician~Knowledgeable~Caring~Staff is Amazing except for Head Nurse &quot;T&quot;. Works for Family Healthcare.  Recommend 		4	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	Dr. Unell is such an awesome doctor and he shows his compassion towards his patients. I have been seeing him for over a year and he has been successful at addressing my mild adrenal fatigue, depression, unbalanced hormones, and helping with my weight. Dr. Unell listens to me and responds with genuine concern for me. His staff has been excellent towards me, especially Dawn his MA. She has a gentle spirit and will talk with me about my symptoms before Dr. Unell comes into see me. I do take supplements from The Fem Centre but it is due to the fact that I need to take it for my health. I have benefited from the high quality supplements. Thanks to Dr.  Unell, I am getting my life back!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	I Love Dr. Unell. He makes you feel so comfortable. Bedside manner awesome! Could not lose any weight at all for 10 years!! He ran tests.spoke with me got to know me. It was my progesterone!! I had none! My other Dr never even tested me for this ever.  Im down 35pounds!! He is awesome!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
68	1	Dr Unell has delivered all my children. He is a very compassionate Dr. Hes very personable! Since my last child was born he no longer delivers babies. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND him. Hes the best Dr. I know. You will not be sorry,I refer him to all my friends. He really cares about each of his patients and brings back how dr/patient service should be! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Knowledge is the epitome of what a physian able, compassionate; explains cause of problem, course of treatment, and prognosis;  Pleasant and professional demeanor.  In my 40 year history with Chron,s, dr. Urrutia is an epitome of medical profession.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
70	1	Very friendly staff.  Was in and out of there quickly.  Fitted my 12 yr old daughter with contacts and they were very patient with her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	Refit in contacts that did not dry out like my last ones.  Friendly front desk person.  In and out in about 30 minutes. 	4	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	From the time that I went in, the entire staff and doctor were compassionate, caring, and kept me abreast of procedures, time schedules, recovery times, I was never in the dark. Dr Ubinas was very thorough in treatment and procedures, insuring both before and after that I was informed. I felt very comfortable with the entire organization. could not have picked a better group to attend to my traumatic experience.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	Amazingly compassionate Dr.   The sometimes long wait is worth it because he knows his stuff!  Cocky, yes, amazingly talented, for sure! I look flawless! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	. Great surgeon!  The best in Dallas!  He is not a factory 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
71	0	This was the worst experience I have EVER had with a physician.  He was always 2 to 3 hours late on appointments, hard to understand and yelled at his staff.  I would not use him again. 	1	1	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	Dr. Urso is one of the best doctors I've dealt with.  He actually listens to your complaints, symptoms, etc., and seems caring and concerned for your welfare.  He's easy to talk to and doesn't seem rushed while dealing with you.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
73	1	Very kind, good bedside manner, concerned about my condition.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
74	1	I WAS VERY IMPRESSED IN THE MANNER SHE TREATED AND EXPLAINED EVERYTHING TO MY 80 YR OLD MOTHER. SHE IS THE IDEAL DOCTOR, FULL OF KNOWLEDGE, FRIENDLY, AND PROFESSIONAL ALL IN THE SAME PACKAGE. WE WISH HER MUCH HAPPINESS AND SUCCESS, THANK YOU.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:AARP
