dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
12	-1	 This doctor is on my insurance plan but refused to file the claim for my inserts. The inserts were covered by my insurance and I was told I would have to file the claim myself. I had to pay the full price up front then file, the insurance company paid the doctor less the discount he agreed to in his contract with Cigna. I called to request my refund but got the run around by his insurance person and the office manager. After 3 weeks I was told that Dr. Bachman said the refund would only be for the discounted amount. He would not give me the discount that was in his contract. In other words he is not honoring his contract with Cigna. I would never recomend this doctor to anyone.  	1	3	1	3	Insurance:CIGNA
12	-1	 Let's be clear - this place is in business to sell expensive medical supplies.  The first visit I had a paper shoved in front of me that made me agree to purchase a $100 splint - the male nurse was irritated that I expected to read the waiver.  The doctor told me that I really needed physical therapy.  The nurse called me later to say that the physical therapy in their office is done by NON-LICENSED therapists, so my insurance didn't cover that.  The second visit the doctor never mentioned physical therapy (which was so important the first visit) and was instead pushing me to be fitted IMMEDIATELY for orthotics that are not covered by most insurance companies.  When I told this doctor that I had to think about shelling out $480 for orthotics, he couldn't get out of the exam room quick enough.  On both visits I was left in a waiting room for 30 minutes before the doctor came in.  These people are rude and condescending and I will NEVER go back.  	2	2	2	2	Insurance:HumanaPaid/Co-pay:$170
12	-1	commentsNo service of any kind.  Rude and uncaring office workers.  They lie and give you the run around when you call.  They hung up on my mother and did not call her back.  They made her wait 4 days for a prescription  for her foot.  She was in terrible pain.  I do not understand any physcian that would have this happen in their office.  I have yet to get a call back or an apology.  We will not be going back nor recommending this place. 	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	 Dr. Bachmann tried other treatments before resorting to surgery. I appreciate his patience with my treatment. He is very clinical and professionally engaging. He did present himself as a caring person which gave me the sense of trust in him for my personal well being.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	0	 Dr. Bachmann treated me for Plantar Faciatis (sp&#63;). About a year after treatment I receied a bill for $314. No explanation, had not received anything from them before that. Ive called several times and have been unable to speak with anyone. Messages left have been ignored. My friend had the same problem. 6 years since she had seen him. I dont even have the info on my old insurane company anymore to figure it out. I payed my copay every time, and paid in full for services not on my plan. I am very unhappy with this service. I really don't believe it was worth ever going to him. I would tell anyone I liked, not to go to this doctor or his associates.  	1	5	1	4	Insurance:United Healthcare
15	-1	 Most horrible family doctor ever visited. Will not ever go back.  They lie saying the doctor is on vacation while when you go to visit she is sitting in her office 	1	1	1	2	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:$200
18	1	.  awesome doctor and very nice staff! all 3 MD's in his office are GOOD! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	0	commentswait times are extremely long, staff is not friendly 	2	2	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	commentsDr. Bacon treated my mother.  He treated her for her lower back.  When she came in to see him, he answered all of her questions and laid her fear of needles and using any anesthesia to rest.  Dr. Bacon did some steroid injections to her back.  He explained the pros and cons to this procedure in detail.  He answered all of her questions.  She only had one injection and she is now pain free.  Because of him, she was able to get her life back.  She is now able to work and enjoy life.  I thank him for giving me my mother back.  I would recommend him to anybody who wants a sincere doctor with a great bedside manner. 	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	 Doesn't care about his patients!! Promised to be there for my post surgical pain management. Woke up from surgery in horrible pain and he could not be reached after multiple attempts. He should have been a cattle farmer because that's how his patients are treated. The staff is no better. They have crazy rules about when you can pick up meds. Lord help you if you are sick and can't pick them up or if you will be out of town. They are completely unwilling to work with you. Can't reschedule appointments the day of- not even when my daughter had an accident. I was written up as a no-show.  Stay away from this office! 	1	2	1	2	Insurance:Coventry
34	1	 I had a very good experience with Dr. Babcock. He removed moles I asked him to remove. No pain.I checked with my insurance company ahead of time to see if they would pay.  Yes, he is older. But he is a very good doctor. I would use him again and recommend him highly.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	-1	 Run from this doctor. His bedside manner was horrible, he had the gall to kiss my forehead on the way out, he started removing moles without consulting me first, and he assured me that those procedures would be covered under my office visit and that I wouldn't be responsible for more than my copay. Then I got a bill in the mail for $573. When I called to contest it the office manager was extremely rude to me, telling me that I was totally out of line to consider that they weren't going to charge me for those procedures. Please tell everyone you know that Dr. Babcock is one of the &quot;old guard&quot; doctors who is not out to do what's best for the patient, but instead to milk the system (and his patients) for as much money as he can.  	1	1	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	 Dr Bacak saw my son since he was born back in 2005. Well my husband started seeing him. Then he switch insurance in 2010 and he had to wait and we didn't know. So he got a a $300.00 bill. I made small payments because money was tight and he fired us as patients. I agreed he tries to make himself out to be a helpful person by raising money for other countries but he won't work with his own patients. I called his office to try to work something out but his staff was rude about the whole thing. And he wouldn't even work out anything with us. What kind of doctor is that&#63; So we found another doctor and she is wonderful.  	1	2	4	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	0	 Great kid doctor. However, we had been going there for 8 years and always paid on time. We had some hard times fall on our family and owed him $150 and were only able to make small payments. Within a period of 4 months he fired us as patients. I find the front staff to be rude and firmly feel the doctor (while fantastic with children) cares more about money then he does his patients.  	1	3	3	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	-1	 If you happen to NOT have even 12.00 for the copay then you might as well go to the emergency room or die waiting till you do have money because you can't see the doctor if you don't have  the copay even though you have insurance.  	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Tricare
36	1	 Dr. Bacak is a great family Doc. My whole family will be using him from now on.  	4	4	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$30
37	1	 Very professional,knowledgable and makes you feel comfortable.She was very patient In answering all my concerns.  Definitely recommend her 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
51	1	 would like for her to be more in the offices here in rio and roma the pa's are awesome drs but the staff its not very respecful called in to ask what time they were closing abd they told me that the last pt was at 430 walked in at 415 didnt want to take us in my 1 yr old had a fever of 104 and they said they couldnt get her in so upsetting to have peiple that dont care about there pts ..  	3	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
51	1	 The best Dr. around! Highly recommended! She takes her time with patients and even makes it a point to follow up personally in serious incidences.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
52	1	commentsDr. Babin is a great eye doctor. I've been seeing him for more than 10 years. I continue to go back because he gives me a very thorough exam, and consistently dispenses the best glasses I've ever had. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	commentsThis doctor pretend he is a vein specialist, but I had to have the vein ablation re done at another place because he did a bad job.I don't recommend him at all. Paid/Co-pay:$5000	1	1	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	commentsI used Dr. Babineau for m Gastric Bypass surgery and have had nothing but success. His staff is very helpful and willing to answer questions after surgery to help me make the adjustments in my new way of eating. I found that after I followed the rules and guidelines given to me by them that I have had no complications and have got my life back. I think he is very competent and would recommend him to do surgery on me or a member of my family with no doubt. I was over 300 lbs before surgery and now I weight 145. My ideal body weight. Sounds like a success story to me. 	5	3	5	4	Insurance:Unknown
62	-1	 Terrible and rude people. Frieda won't shut up about her husband, what SHE eats, what it was like to have a fat sister that died long enough for you to ask questions. Of course none of us have ever had the thinner sister that didn't mind telling us what we are doing wrong (yea right). If like me you are stuck with these people my best advice is read everything you get in your folder.  In 3 months I have saw Dr. Babineau for about  10 minutes total.  Frieda is one of those that will look right through you (we have all been there) and don't go in there in any kind of pain as a lot of us are (we already know it's because we are over weight)she literally grinned and tried to hold back a laugh at me in front of another patient.  I'm praying after I have surgery everything is successful so I never have to speak to these rude people again.  	1	1	1	2	Insurance:Medicare
62	-1	commentsBabineau does not follow specific guidelines set forth by leading surgeons when it comes to aftercare and possible leaks within the abdomen. He is most concerned with the number of patients he can get through in one day. Other doctors from Florida to San Juan to Utah, who are tops in their field, insists that there is no reason that a patient with a suspected leak should not have his/her doctor go in and correct the leaks with surgery and/or a special sealer developed for that purpose. Two East Texas doctors strongly suggested that he look at a patient who had leaks in the past, but he refused. She died  after being released for only one week from a hospital with no medical help from this doctor. 	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
62	-1	commentsThis doctor runs patients through like cows.  He operates and does no follow up care.  I know one person that died because he said, &quot;there's nothing wrong with my surgery.&quot;  He has a N.P. that does aftercare, but has overfilled a friend's lap band causing serious problems. BEWARE! 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	 Dr. Bachus is a very understanding Dr &amp; is there to help. She listens and tends to your needs After having a previous bad experience.  I feel very comfortable w/ Dr.  Bachus! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	-1	 About five months ago Dr. Lois Bachus diagnosed me with severe dysphasia and informed me that I would need a cone biopsy. So, I went in for the same day surgery. To have some emotional support, I had my husband, step mother and grandma come with me to the hospital. Now to get the whole story I need to give you some history. One month before I was diagnosed my biological mother died of a drug overdose. This was very unexpected event in my life and is still very hard for me to deal with. So I went in for my regular pap (witch was the pap that she saw the dysphasia in) and the first thing she said to me (before I told her about my mother) she commented on how much weight I have gained and how fat I am. I gained about 50 LBS after my mother passed away. After I explained that my mother had passed away she confirmed with me that it was not my step mother and I told her it was my biological mother, because Lois Bachus is also my step mother 's gyn.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
64	1	 Dr. Bachus is one of the easiest doctors to talk to about ANY concerns you may have. The office is effecient and friendly. I feel totally comfortable recommending this doctor to anyone and at any age.  Two thumbs up! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	 She is gentle with exams and attentive to my concerns or questions. She was willing to let me try natural progesterone even though studies haven't proved it helps. I have received much benefit from the progesterone and she continues to support my using it. She even consulted an oncologist to verify it was OK to continue it while taking tamoxifin for breast cancer prevention. Bottom line - she listens and cares about her patients.  		4	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
70	-1	 My family saw this doctor in an emergency. Do not see this doctor. He was rude and incompetent.  It seems like he is frustrated and was taking it out on us! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Coventry
74	0	comments 	3	3	4	1	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	commentsVery intelligent, caring physician. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
86	-1	comments 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
91	-1	 I'm glad I read all these comments and found out I'm not alone in having a terrible experience with Dr. Bacon.  Still having an ongoing issue and was dreading going back to her. No eye contact, no listening or communication skills. When I told her I had a new problem she insisted that I told her staff that I was only following up on a previous issue and that I had told them I didn't want the new issue looked at :-O . I can't even begin to imagine what she was thinking or why. I had even put the new issue down on the intake form.  	1	1	1	2	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$50
91	1	 First of all, yes there is usually a long wait. However, I've come to discover that it ha a lot to do with people who show up without an appointment demanding to be seen. It's also because Dr Bacon spends time with her patients. Personally I get nervous if a doctor is right on time or early... I was born with severe flat feet. I've gone to doctors my entire life for this painful deformity and never experienced relief. Dr Bacon explained my condition in a way I fully understood. She took careful and very conservative steps in treating it. Eventually we all agreed on a gastroc lengthening surgery. The surgery was quick and recovery was fairly painless...considering it was for surgery. I am 2 months post-op and overjoyed with the results. Dr Bacon and her team took great care of me. They took time to answer not only my questions, but also my parents' and husband's questions. I can't say enough about my wonderful experience.  After 26 yrs of foot pain, I'm happy to have a solution! 	5	3	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	-1	 After waiting 2hrs doc put my daughter in a walking cast for a sprained ankle, got a call the day of 2 week follow up asking us to be there as early as possible for appt as doc was on vacation next week.  arrived 1/2 hr early to sit in waiting room for an hour! finally tech cuts off cast, doc comes in and wiggles foot and says now she is ready for a walking cast for 2 weeks.  no xray done and didn't realize she's ordering the same cast that was just cut off and daughter has only had on for 2 weeks! When I asked what the heck, why 2hr wait, why $35 co/pay for nothing they tried to say its in the best interst of daughters health and wanted to offer a payment plan for the $35 co-pay.  What idiots..  I'm taking my daugher to a real doctor!! I gave this one 2 chances to many!!  Beware folks!! 	1	1	2	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	-1	 As a trusting patient who was referred to Dr. Bacon by a friend I had a procedure that was explained to me as being straight forward. After months of continued pain post-op I realized something was wrong. After being told by Dr. Bacon that it takes time for the pain to subside I decided to seek another opinion. After consulting with two other more experienced surgeons it was clear that Dr. Bacon had made a mistake with me based on inexperience or incompetence. I have recently had to undergo additional surgery to correct the mistake Dr. Bacon made. I have not been back to her as I am very upset by this and know there is no resolution she can provide. I would avoid Dr. Bacon for any surgery that is not routine. She is probably very competent in caring for issues such as ligament sprains, bunions, or other simple conditions but for real issues with your ankle you should seek the care of more experienced surgeons downtown in the medical center.  	1	4	2	2	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$3800
91	0	 I am glad I am not the only one who had difficulty with this doctor. I am a former clubfoot patient who is now experiencing pain later in life. She was very knowledgeable about my condition, but lacked people skills and did not explain anything well. Our first meeting she did not look me in the eye when she introduced herself. I was caught off guard! She opened the door, said hello, looking down to pull a chair, and went straight to the computer to pull up my x rays. Most awkward doctor moment of my life. She spent 5 minutes on me each visit. Very rushed and I really felt like I was treated poorly for asking a question. I finally have a new doctor that I love! I was very disappointed, glad I switched.  	3	3	2	4	Insurance:United Healthcare
91	-1	commentsI have (2) injured feet, one with breaks, one with a sprain. On my second visit after my accident she ordered X-rays on the wrong foot.(no kidding) I told the x-ray tech to no avail, he babbled something about Dr's orders......Then,  when she finaly showed up after I waited 1-1/2 hour in a waiting room past my appointment time she made up an unbelievable story about looking for previously undetected injury on the SPRAINED foot without ever x-raying the BROKEN one. Can you say QUACK&#63; Add Arogant, inconsiderate, distracted, and unable to get out of her own head long enough to take care of her patients needs and you have described my rather bizarr experience with this saw bones. 	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
91	-1	commentsshe has no listening skills ...at all...I told her the meds I needed that help my foot and refused to prescribe but did not tell me except afeter I asked why it was no on there...her way or high way ..plus went to another foot dr and he found the problem...problem solved... she is just up there collecting a ck...or something besides being a dr 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
91	0	commentsI feel like I am a bother to her each time I come in for a post-op visit.  She does not believe me when I tell her that I am following her post-op instructions to the best of my ability.  I was threatened today by her if I did not start to comply she would no longer be my doctor. I feel she does not listen to you as a pt, it is her way or no way. Paid/Co-pay:$258	2	3	1	4	Insurance:Unknown
91	0	commentsDr. Bacon doesn't have very good people skills, especially when working with children. She acts annoyed at questions and isn't very good at explaining herself. If it wasn't that our pediatrician recommended her and our child's condition isn't that severe we would not be seeing her. Office staff is quite blasse and acts like patients are a bother to them. very disapointed averall!!! 	3	3	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
