dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
2	1	commentsShe is soooo nice! I really strongly recommend her! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	 Dr.  Faddis has always been excellent with my family and I 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
3	1	 Dr Faddis is a great dentist! He is friendly and he only sees one patient at a time. He isn't going back and forth between patients which really speeds up your visits.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
5	1	commentsHe is a really good dentist. He knows what he is doing and he has a really great staff. Very friendly, calm and relaxing environment. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	 My husband had surgery for a herniated disk last year. Dr. Felix's PA was very helpful and knowledgeable both before and after surgery.  He told us what was going on, what the surgery would entail and how to best cope and aid in recovery. I saw  Dr. Felix twice: just after surgery where he clearly told me how the surgery had gone as well as brief instructions instructions for recovery. He came against the next morning to talk to my husband. He was clear, polite, and thorough.  I hope we.never need his services again. , but if we do, we'll gladly return! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:AHC
8	-1	 This doctor is not helpful. He throws you asside as soon as surgery is done. If you have other issues. TOO BAD--find another doctor. I did and I must have additional surgery. Stay away.  	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Workers Comp
8	1	 Dr. Felix saved my moms life and has stayed on top of her care once she was moved to a rehab facility.  He is an amazing surgeon and doctor.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
8	-1	commentsI only saw the physician twice during the ENTIRE course of the care.Consult before surgery &amp; a 5 minute visit after surgery.His staff was more interested in visiting with my friend that was attending the visit with me,than my symptoms.I asked them for a referral to a pain management clinic,which they never offered.I asked them for a detailed plan of care,his staff told me that I was too needy and that they didn't have time for all of my questions.I was on medication that caused me to feel disconnected and it was difficult to remember and think, and they knew this.They made every effort to shuffle me in and out the door with as little contact as possible.I was admitted to the ER for a different issue months after the surgery and I did not know about laws regarding pain medications.They treated me like a criminal and told me that I was a liar.After a long harassing phone call where they accused me of manipulating the system,they requested that I not come back.VERY poor care!! Paid/Co-pay:$96000	1	2	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	commentsBiggest problem with Dr. Felix is that he uses an unknowledgeable P.A. to take care of all of the pre-surgery and post surgery appointments.  If things are wrong the P.A. is no help.  So you are on your own after surgery. 	3	2	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	 I guess I was confused with Dr. Felix.  I don't know how to rate this.  I too was farmed out to the PA for the pre-surgery physical and after surgery care.  Dr. Felix did a grade Excellent (5) job on the surgery.  I have absolutely no concerns about that.  It was more the care before and after not done by Dr. Felix.  I have other chronic medical conditions that require physicians care and need to be looked at especially when considering surgery.  The PA acted as if didn't really know how to approach them. After not even examining me for the pre-surgery physical (he just asked questions), I had my own GP to do one. I know the PA was upset that I had not trusted his judgment.  I just wanted to be careful with my other conditions. I guess I would rate the surgery by the surgeon a 5.  The PA a 3.  	3	5	3	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	commentshe fixed my sicatic nerve that a disc. was pushing on by a little tiny incison and trimming some of the disc. I couldn't walk in that morning because of the pain and weekness,but after OUT PATIENT SURGERY I could walk with NO PAIN or WEEKNESS at all, and have had no trouble whatsoever including NO VISITS to a choirpractor for 8years now. He was very knowledgeable in this area. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
8	0	commentsNot much to evaluate from this doc... Maybe good maybe not.  Busy practice.  His PA does all the pt contact (though he did not introduce himself as a PA, which was kinda off-putting, especially after he let me assume he was an MD but I finally asked if he was and he admitted, no.) No indication from Dr. Felix that he is even aware of my existance. What is up with doctors who don't even see their patients&#63; What, he can't even pop in for two seconds to say hey how's it going with that chronic back pain anyway. Office seems well-administered and professional. Nurse (&#63;) or the woman in scrubs who escorts you back, was friendly. 	4	4	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	commentsWhen we moved here from Florida I was on the hunt for a new ob.  The one I left was the BEST and I was sad to have to find a new one.  I didn't think anyone could match up, but match up Gretchen did!  She is wonderful! She is personable, knowledgeable and willing to help you deliver a baby the way YOU want to!  And I never felt like I was being rushed in any way. I liked her so much that I made the drive from West Jordan to Salt Lake just so i could see her.  And it was worth the extra drive time. 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	commentsGretchen Faucett is extremely helpful, sweet, and patient. She takes her time and makes sure you understand and are comfortable. Every time I think about my delivery I'm extremely comforted knowing that she will be there. Paid/Co-pay:$2700	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	commentsI can go on forever about how wonderful I think Gretchen is. I am currently seeing her for my 2nd delivery and my sister has delivered 3 with her. She is very professional and knowledgable. She never acts rushed when she is with you and makes you feel like she genuinely cares for you as a person, not just as a patient. I would highly recommend Gretchen to anyone. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	commentsI met with Gretchen for a consultation when I was trying to decide on midwives, and she was very knowledgeable but seemed a little pessimistic. Her practice was 45 minutes behind schedule and they ended up billing me for my &quot;no-charge&quot; consultation after I decided against using their services. I wasn't actually a patient of Gretchen, so she may be a great midwife, but I didn't appreciate the pessimism and lack of punctuality. 	1	1	3	5	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	 wonderful midwife. very caring and very supportive through my c-section.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:$25
11	1	 I just delivered my fourth child with Gretchen and I think she was wonderful.  She was very helpful and attentive at every visit.  During delivery there were some potential complications and the nurses acted very worried.  Once Gretchen got there, everything calmed down.  She was calm, kind and carried the delivery off like it was not a big deal. Everything went as well as it could have.   So helpful and understanding.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	commentsHe is FANTASTIC. Caring and loving, patient and kind. He is a great doctor. Went for an IUD. He was patient and understanding. He delivered a friends premature babies and was great with them too. They love him also. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	commentsI have never felt so comfortable with a doctor until I met Dr Fagnant. He is very honest and straight forward with answers. I feel like he answeres all your questions and makes sure you know everything he is about to do in all procedures. I would definately reccomend him to anyone of all ages. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	commentsIf you want a doctor who has no bedside mannner and is easily annoyed and or down plays your health. This is the doctor for you. 	1	3	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	 I started seeing Dr. Faux about a year ago and he has been excellent in helping me to keep my Type 2 Diabetes under control.  Very caring and great staff.  	5	5	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$30
31	1	 Made me feel very comfortable. Nice office. On time.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
31	1	 Fantastic experience overall.  Very friendly and knowledgable.  Dr. Felt and his staff are very compassionate and good at what they do.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
31	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	 I used to work with Dr. Faber in the Operating room.  He is very skilled and thorough.  He cares deeply about his patients and is respectful to staff.   Plus he knows every trivia question known to man, just try to stump him! 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
32	1	 I had a retina detachment, it was terrifying. He took care of me and told me to call immediately night or day if there were any other complications. He is a good doctor.  	4	2	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
32	1	 Excellent retina eye surgeon. He put a buckle in my eye after a retinal detachment, and I was able to recover my vision without double vision. He is a very knowledgeable doctor.  	4	3	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
34	-1	comments 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	commentsShe is awful!! I don't recommend her at all, and the strange thing is the U of U referred me to her, and I was told how wonderful she was. What a disappointment. Find someone else. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	 Our third pregnancy was high risk and we were sent to have a ultrasound done at Maternal Fetal Medicine on week 12. Although I suspected from the image on the screen and the technician's grim face, Dr. Feltovits had the awful weight of delivering the news: our baby looked very ill. Through the following hours, days, weeks, months she was everything a doctor, nurse, friend can be. She was there with  care, sensitivity, advice, support, knowledge, kind words, truth, explanations, honesty. Dr Feltovits and her fellow medical professionals are truly dedicated. They care about their patients' comfort, feelings, physical and emotional well being, because they are in their care; regardless their work hours or weekends. Although losing our child was unavoidable, we were surrounded by the best, most knowledgable, and caring doctors I know. They are personable,  kind and professional.  I would highly recommend Dr Feltovits and Maternal Fetal Medicine as whole 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
38	-1	commentsI had an awful experience with Dr. Farley. First was, when 39 weeks  along he scratched the bag of waters, I can't remember the medical term they call that procedure and then he left town. Well of course I went into labor that evening and so he was not there to deliver which I was so disappointed because I don't like seeing a doctor for 9 months only to have another doctor deliver. Then another time he perscribed antifungal creams over and over to the point that the skin in the genital area was so raw that I could not even sit down.He refused to see me when I called the office-referred me out to a dermotologist.  Come to find out with another OB/GYN doctor that I had a bacterial infection and not a yeast infection and a skin condition called lichen scheloris. Dr. Farley had the audacity to tell me that I had an &quot;old lady&quot; disease when I called back to tell me he had misdiagnosed me-I was 33 at the time. Thanks for nothing Dr. Farley 	4	5	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	 Dr. Farley is an amazing doctor. I had him deliver #2 and #4 I couldn't with #3 because of insurance reasons. He is so caring when problems arise and he is great at helping you understand what is going on. He'll stay in your room and answer questions until you have no more. He is also great to work with and when in labor he gives you the utmost respect. I have been to a lot of OB's and Dr. Farley is by far my favorite.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
38	1	 Dr. Farley is an excellent doctor and surgeon. (He has also been complemented by his colleagues on his skills in my presence.) I always feel that his decisions are based on much experience and his gut feelings. I trust him very much. He is willing to work with you if you have difficult circumstances, and is very friendly to families (I really appreciate how he treats my other children when I have to bring them with me). He always tries to make sure you understand what's happening to you, and is compassionate when things go wrong. (I have been grateful for his caring manner in my circumstances and in the circumstances of others I know.) I appreciate that he is timely, but also tries to make sure that each patient has adequate time for her needs and questions.  I also appreciate his genuine manner--I feel like an adult in his office.  My friends and I continue to go to his practice, even though it's not very close to home, becuase we feel he is such an excellent doctor and a good man.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	commentsI love this guy! Dr. Fairbanks has helped me tremendously in dealing with my depression. He is very thorough and helped me through issues that started in my childhood and still continue today. He helped me set doable goals that really changed my negative thought process and helped improve my relationship with my husband. He even helped me set up a dicipline program for my kids to help reduce my stress at home & it really works! 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	 First off I was in the waiting room for 90 MINUTES before being seen.  Second, they are ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE about calling back or returning calls regarding blood tests!  I had tests done checking multiple things (one being cancer) and never received a call back with the results.  I have called many times requesting te results with no answer from them.  I had read some bad reviews before my appt and wish I had listened to them.  DO NOT go to Dr.  Falahati and honestly I would avoid the entire office completely!  They clearly dont care about whats wrong with you and must only be in it for the $$$  WORST EXPERIENCE WITH A DOCTOR AND DOCTORS OFFICE EVER!!! 	1	1	2	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	 I did wait over 1 hr to see Dr Falahati. I was hesistant given the reviews. But now 2 years later things are different. His nurse Becky is great. His nurse practioner Dave is also great. Daves nurse not so great but Becky is always there and helpful. No, you don't get to see the Dr every time. But his staff is so much better than when I started. Dave and Becky are super and when you see Dr Falahati he is good. I didn't find him arrogant at all. But he does tell it like it is. So, sometimes the truth hurts. My last Dr never told me how seriously my actions were affecting my health. Now I am healthier and happier and Dr. Falahti, Dave and Becky are responsible for that.  	5	1	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	-1	 Only saw Falahati once. Had blood tests done, never called me back. It took six weeks and numerous phone calls before someone could give me results. After surgery I was seen by his PA who possessed very little knowledge of my situation. In fact he didn't know why I was there. Will never return to this clinic.  	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	-1	commentsMost of the negative comments about this doctor were right on.  The only time I've seen him he wanted me to take a bunch of tests and then come back in 3 months!  I didn't know the results took 3 months (they didn't). Very snotty female assistant. 	2	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	commentsI had to insist on seeing a doctor not a nurse practitioner. And I worry that I keep recving increasing dosages of thyroid medicine without a blood test to confirm my TSH, T4, T3 levels. It is impossible to reach him by phone or to have a call returned. Has not happened in years. (ever) (and yes, this is the only endocrinologist my insurance will accept) But, he IS friendly. Very very busy but friendly. 	3	4	2	1	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	commentsVery disorganized, waited over an hour to see him and was quite disappointed. He treated me poorly and was rude to his staff in fron of me! Would never return to his office if my life depended on it. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	 I found the Dr very friendly and helpful.  Did not feel he had one foot out the door while talking to us.  	3	3	4	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
44	1	 Dr.Falahati's competence level exceeds any expectations. His area of expertise is wider than endocrinology. He succeeded in curing my &quot;IBS symptoms&quot; when gastro-enterologist and internal med doctor failed repeatedly.Dr.is highly educated professional, keeps up with all the new advances of medicine. Strongly recommend to anybody.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$20
44	-1	commentsthis doctor is the worst doc i ever meet in my life he and his staff dnt give crap about pts and can care less if pts are ok or not i do not recomend &quot;dr. falahati&quot; if thats what he really is!!!!!!!!!!! Paid/Co-pay:$300	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	 I found Dr. Falahati and his entire staff to be very friendly and helpful. I can always make appointments to see him with out it being scheduled out three months. He took time to answer all of my questions and my condition has dramatically improved since seeing him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
44	-1	 Arrogant. Told me if I wasn't going to follow his advice, I might as well see the janitor. He had missed something that my next doctor found, that explained why I was not seeing the results he expected. I was following his directions.  	2	4	1	2	Insurance:Medicare
44	0	commentsDr. Falahati is a great doctor, WHEN you can see him.  Most of the time you see a PA.  The man PA he has now is terrible and was not concerned with my needs.  I will not go back to that office if I don't get to see Dr. Falahati. 	3	3	2	4	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	 Very slow in analizing bloodwork results and sending recommendations back to patient.  	4	4	3	4	Insurance:GHI
44	-1	 I would not recommend this doctor to anyone.  He is uncaring.  He does not take time with his patients.  His office staff is horrible, and follow up care is no where to be found.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	commentsHis diagnosis and treatment was right on. I would recommend him to anyone 	4	4	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	commentsGoing to see Dr. Falahati was the worse experience ever!!  If you are looking for a doctor that is rude and uncaring then he would be the one for you.  Needless to say, I am looking for another doctor. 	3	2	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	 I have been seeing Dr. Falahati for almost 2 years for a very painful condition called Paget's Disease. He is very knowledgeable about the condition and as a result I have had successful results. I am still in treatment for this condition but the improvement under his care has been dramatic! He is very straight forward and comes right to  the point, I appreciate this very much! I never have to wonder what is next as he answers my questions and explains my course of treatment.   	5	5	5	5	Insurance: Blue Cross / Blue Shield Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	-1	 Dr. Falahati is extremly arrogant and down right rude. I went to him for my Type 1 juvenile Diabetes and he did nothing for me but told me I was like a dog chasing my tail and totally denied my request for an Insulin Pump, my HgbA1c was off the charts high and he basically sent me on my way. I walked out to my car and cried. Never would I recommend this doctor, and I have heard from others that he is arrogant and you leave his office feeling worse than when you came in.  	2	2	1	2	Insurance:United Healthcare
44	-1	 I have been seeing this doctor for 18 mos. He is very rude and arrogent. On one visit I was complaining of some depression and fatigue, he pointed to the lab results for my blood tests and said there is nothing wrong with me. His office personnel seem to be overworked and disorganized. I called two weeks ago to get a lab order for blood work needed for my next appointment and was left on hold for 30 minutes only to be eventually hung up on. I called back and was sent to his nurses voice mail. I left a message but have not heard back. I am currently finding another doctor.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	commentsI have seen Dr. Falahati once.  The wait was very long, but worth it.  The second visit was with his nurse practitioner who spent the time with me that I needed.  She was able to adequately describe to me what needs to be done with my thyroid.  I would without a doubt recommened this team.  They have been wonderful at getting back to me promptly.  The only problem that I have found that with my returned phone calls the nurses did not know what they were talking about. 	2	1	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	 I thought Dr. Falahati and his staff were great. I had a very positive experience there. The receptionist's at the front desk were very busy and acted somewhat bothered by my being there for my appointment but the nurses and the Dr. himself were on time, polite, concerned and friendly. I appreciated Dr. Falahati being so thorough with my situation and he gave me his COMPLETE ATTENTION while I was there. He also explained things to me so that they were easy to understand and asked if I had questions. I would recommend him to anyone.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
44	-1	 WORST DOCTOR EVER! I had radiation ablation at the docs advice. Afterward, he said it's normal to experience worsening symptoms after treatment for 4-8 weeks.  I have been MUCH worse since. I asked then for a medical leave letter from Dr. Falahati to give to my job while getting better. I was told by his nurse they'd approve leave for 3 weeks. As soon as I hung up with his nurse, Dr. Falahati called and told me, without asking how I was doing or what I was experiencing, that I was taking advantage of him, I am not sick, I am lying, etc. This coming from a doctor that has only met me once and never asked what my concerns are or why I was requesting a note. I said &quot;why, if I'm lying, did your office repeatedly tell me that I would be experiencing these symptoms for 4-8 weeks&#63; Were THEY lying&#63; He said I didn't know what I was talking about and to stop taking advantage of him. I told him he was fired and hung up. I have never been treated so unkindly by a physician.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:CIGNA
44	1	 Dr. Falahati is a great doctor. My first visit, I went to see him for my thyroid problem. He was very attentive and extremely polite. My second visit, I saw his nurse, Ms. Jensen. She was just as thorough and helpful.  This guy is awsome! 	4	3	5	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$20
44	-1	 He doesn't see his patients personally. When you make an appointment with him you'll be attended for his no-idea was is going on nurse practicioner Tausha Jones.  	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	commentsI am Type 2 Diabetic, 80 years old.           Last THREE visits I saw Dr. Falahati ONCE; other two visits I was seen by his &quot;Nurse Practitioner.&quot;           On my last visit, in June, Dr. Falahati sent me to a lab to get my AIC results. I HAVE NOT HEARD SINCE FROM DR. FALAHATI. As I was concerned about my AIC I went to the lab myself and got my AIC rating: 8.3! This high, I would have expected to hear from Dr. Falahati (or, his Nurse Practitioner.) I haven't, to-date.        For some reason Dr. Falahati is no longer with the Clinic he was in, is now sharing an office with a Podiatrist (!) 	4	4	5	3	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	 His staff is as bad as he is. He has a new nurse practitioner who does not listen to what the patients' needs are. The girl helping his nurse practitioner is rude and uncaring. My husband's sugar level sky rocketed because he couldn't get a prescription for his insulin. He uses the U500 and he has been pushed from pillar to post and NO-ONE seems to care or want to help. His GP did not want to step on Falahati's toes so he's been shying away from helping. It's all political but here is a man with diabetes who NEEDS the insulin and around him are doctors who are supposed to HELP but too scared to do the right thing.  I would not recommend Falahati as his work load has doubled and his support staff/office is totally disorganized and in total state of chaos which is breeding grounds for errors!  We will be finding a new endocronolgist soon.  	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	 I have been his patient for two years.  He is  thorough,the treatment he prescribed for my osteoporosis worked  and that's all I care about. I would recommend him to anyone.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	-1	commentsThis is the worst Dr I have ever seen and I work in the Medical field.  I recently had a sudden onset of periferal edema and my Primary care was concerned about my adrenal function.  He sent me to Falahati who acted completely indifferent about my symptoms.  He did order some labs which a week later I had to basically beg to get the results of.  His &quot;nurse&quot; left me a message that all was good except one level was slightly low and I needed a script.  Two weeks later now she still has not called it out to my pharmacy.  To top off the cake, today I received a call from Utah Cancer Specialists.  They were calling to schedule my appointment that dr falahati referred me for.  I was never notified by this quack that I need to see anyone else much less a CANCER specialist.  I have tried calling to find out what this appt is for and if he ever planned to notify me, but have gotten no response and the oncologists won't schedule my appt until he has talked to me about my condition. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	commentsDr. Falahati was very knowlegable and took time with me to find out what my problem was.  He was right on with the diagnosis and I found him to be very pleasant and thoughtful.  I would recommend him highly. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	commentsIf anybody sends you to this doctor, DON'T GO, he is awful.  Stay far away from him.  Get a different refferal. 	4	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	 He is uncaring selfish and very arrogant. He was the worst doctor ever. He was very disrespectful to say the least.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
44	-1	commentsHe was very arrogant and judgemental.  Spoke ill of other physicians and blew off past medical results.  Would never refer someone to him or go back. 	3	2	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	commentsI was referred to Dr. Falahati by my obstetrician. I rate him with 1 on service, helpfulness and knowledge because of the following: He was INCREDIBLY rude to me. When I explained to him my problem (relating to polycystic ovarian syndrome) he told me I was lying and refused to listen any more. This obviously made me a little upset. When he saw that, he told me I needed to get on some antidepressants and left the room. I remain astonished at the lack of professionalism with which I was treated. I should note that his staff was friendly. Paid/Co-pay:$35	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	 On one visit he yelled at me, said I complain too much, He asked me how I felt, should I have said great&#63; He rolled his eyes when I told him about an episode where my blood sugar hit 30. While I was still in the office I asked for a prescription and he kept me waiting over an hour. He was mean and egotistical ! 		1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	0	 Abrupt and uncaring. Not at all thorough. When I found a lump in my breast he refused to refer me for a diagnostic mammogram. He said he &quot;only cares about my A1C.&quot; Needless to say, I am no longer his patient.  		1	2	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	-1	commentsVERY poor bedside manner. Spent very little time with me, and while he was in the room he said I was wasting his time by being there (criticizing previous doctors I have seen for this current issue) and didn't perform a proper exam - he was even about to walk out the door before he realized he had not even felt my thyroid! 		2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	commentsExcellen bedside manner. Very knowledgable and friendly. Outstanding staff! 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	commentsDr. Falahati found a great surgeon for me to get my thyroid removed after he suspected thyroid cancer. They detected it very early and they were able to take it out with no side effects. He is very knowledgeable and very thorough. 		3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	 I was very dissatisfied with this MD, poor bedside manner, abrupt. I give him a rating of &lt;1, his staff and nurse a 4+ rating.  		3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	 Dr. Farley-Jones is pleasant and takes whatever time is needed.  She can be late for appointments as a result.  She was helpful to me.  She has a store in her office that sells food upplements.  I was a little turned off by what seemed to be a conflict of interest with her recommending things that she also sells.  The first visit resulted in me purchasing $170 worth of her supplements. I must admit that I did get several problems resolved that other doctors had been unable to solve.  	5	4	4	4	Insurance:United Healthcare
52	1	 Such a great office! Dr.  Faircloth and her nurse Natalie are excellent! I called to get some advice and change a prescription and Natalie was cheerful and very knowledgeable! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
52	1	 Dr. Faircloth was a great doctor. Like others have said I felt like she was a friend rather than just a doctor. She took time to get to know what was going on and after having surgery on ruptured cysts we found out 4 months later we were pregnant! I was so excited because I never thought I would have that chance. Throughout my whole pregnancy she was so helpful and near the end I became high risk and she did not skip a beat with trying to find out what was wrong. She ended up inducing me and came in on her day off when she was supposed to be leaving out of town to deliver me. I cannot say enough good things about her. We have recently moved back to Texas and I am sad she will no longer be my OBGYN, and hoping I can find somewhere here just as caring and patient as she was.  Good doctors are hard to find! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	 Dr. Faircloth was absolutly wonderful.  I had a high risk pregnancy and she was awesome.  She worked with my Neuroligist to treat me and even spent a lot of time filling out paperwork for my short term disability from work.  I saw her every other week for months.  She always took the time to answer all my questions and I felt like she was not only my Dr. but a friend as well.  When it came time to deliver my son she came in on her day off so she could deliver him.  I can't say enough good things about Dr. Faircloth.  I'm now pregnant with my second child and wish she could be my Dr. however she isn't covered on my husbands new insurance. :( Hopefully my next Dr. will be half as wonderful as Dr. Faircloth is.  I would recommend her to anyone.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
52	1	commentsI thought Dr. Faircloth was a wonderful doctor. She was kind attentive and offered several options to the pain I was having. She was the third doctor I have been to for the same problem but the first one to listen and care. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	 Doctor Faircloth was extremely knowledgeable and helpful when my wife had pre-eclampsia.  She took her time to explain every detail to us, and answer all of our questions.  When it came time to deliver, and my wife was not progressing as fast as they'd hoped, she came to the hospital on her day off and helped.  I would recommend her to absolutely anyone.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
52	1	 Dr. Faircloth is wonderful. I have been having trouble with PCOS and other doctors have just put it off and that I would pretty much have to deal with it. Now I am trying to get pregnant and she was so quick to get my history and when one of the cysts ruptured, took no time to send me into surgery and ended up finding more than we thought. She is just so knowledgable and caring and I could not ask for a better OBGYN! I can't wait to get pregnant, and thank her for all of her help!! I would recommend her to anyone! Great office and staff too.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	0	 Dr. Ferguson was my doctor for about four years. When I was having an attack for a bladder infection, he refused to see me when I needed attention. His staff was harsh and even rude.I know they are busy, but easily, Dr. Ferguson was the worst doctor I ever had in my adult life. Avoid him. When you are ill, the last thing you need is an unkind doctor and a smug staff.  	1	3	2	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	-1	commentsWhat a terrible experience for my father, a United State's vetran. His staff lost important paperwork then lied about it.  They also have no training in dealing with PTSD, a now common ailment of those returning home from war.  Dr. Ferguson may be a great doctor, but the trauma of making an appointment extinguishes any skills he may have.  I would skip the heartache and find a different doctor.  He's cost our family so much. 	1	1	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	 Awesome doctor! I am so happy I went to him for my pregnancy care. He was always very friendly and took time to talk about any concerns I had. He was amazing during delivery. I could not be happier with him! As for the previous reviewer... I did not have insurance when i first went to him and he suggested I try for medicaid. He was not rude about it at all. I also know someone who went to him during her pregnancy and who was on medicaid. She also really liked him.  That sucks there have been bad reviews but i really can't see any reason why I wouldn't tell everyone what an awesome dr he is! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	-1	 I did not enjoy my experience at all.I was pregnant with my 3rd he kept pushing me to take the Progesterone shot after I had refused it.(made it to 39 weeks without the shot). Told me he wanted me to pick it up at a certain pharmacy because I had medicaid and he was a tax payer and it was cheaper for him at this pharmacy in Logan. It was 30 mnts. from my house, it was the middle of winter,had to drive thru the canyon. Said he would have me pay for what I used and would give the rest to other patients. Made me drive out there again to pick it up for him. 40 minute wait for every appt. then it was another 10 mnt. wait. I dreaded every appt. Refuses to deliver at the Tremonton hospital. He lives in BC,doesn't want to drive out to Tremonton. I switched to Dr Miller in Tremonton at 30 weeks. He was GREAT!Loved him. Also a family DR so he saw my son after delivery. I do not rcmmd Dr Ferguson. Awful bedside manner. He made me feel horrible for having medicaid, never listened to what I wanted.  	3	1	1	3	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
61	0	commentsI did not see him at all during delivery, until the nurse mentioned a c-section. He then came into my room and checked me himself and said, &quot;I think you could deliver this baby naturally if I could get a champions effort.&quot; My baby was crooked and every time I pushed, she hit my pelvic bone. She was 7lbs 13 oz.I will NEVER go to him again and I don't reccomend him. 	4	3	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	commentsDr. Ferguson is amazing!  He delivered my twins and my last baby.  I drive an hour and a half each way to see him (he used to work in the city I live in and moved...I followed him) I know it is a long way, but it is worth every second of drive time to have him helping me.  I continue to recommend friends, even though there are many OB's here in town.  I can't say enough about his bedside manner and his patience.  I always feel like I am his only patient!  AMAZING! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	commentsHe is extremely patient and kind.  He has been very professional and I have never felt uncomfortable with him.  He has delivered 2 of my 5 and I will continue to recommend him. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	 Dr. Ferguson is the best obgyn I've had.  Literally a life-saver for our family.  I drive an hour and a half just to see him.  He's that good.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Humana
61	1	commentsgreat physician, very helpful and concerned. I would suggest him to anyone 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	 I went to the office of Spinal Interventions, and was greeted by a wonderful staff. They were very friendly, and great to work with. They listened to me, and took really go care of me. I felt like I'd been listened to, and they took their time. I then meet with one of their Nurses who was really knowledgeable and helped me understand my pain. They gave me tips, and advice I'd never heard before. I was excited to hear that there was hope for me! After meeting with the nurse they had the DR. come in and talk with me. He was very sweet, and knowledgeable as well.  Overall my experience was fantastic there! I was very happy with my time there, and would recommend them to anyone! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
62	1	 Dr Faber has very good bedside manner. He is very knowledgeable and kind. He has done many procedures for me.  He can put an IV in like none other. I hardly and most of the time never feel a thing. If you need someone who really knows what they are doing... he is a master of his profession! Dr Faber is an anesthesiologist and knows his anatomy. Working with back and neck nerves is very complicated and scary for the  patient. And it does take time to find the right nerves to fix, so be patient. He does know how to help!  There is another doctor in his office who is really nice... but not nearly as good as Dr. Faber.  You do have to wait for an appointment.  This doctor is worth the wait! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	1	 She is very knowledgeable doctor. She ruled out that there was a problem with placenta on my ultrasound and admittied to hospital right away.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Sask Health
66	1	 He followed me through two broken 5th metatarsals, one needing surgery.  He is willing to take suggestions, like having a dexascan at a young age which showed osteopenia.  Good bedside manner and explains things really well.  Since he specializes in foot/ankle issues, he had a lot (too many I guess) patients, but I would be willing to wait for his expertise again in the future.  Perhaps his staff could schedule him better, and maybe they do now.  It has been many years since I saw him.  	4	2	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
66	1	commentsVery thorough and knowledgeable. He was kind and explained things well. Was willing to squeeze me into very busy office and surgery schedule. Was patient with my questions. 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	 Dr. Faux is an excellent doctor and I wouldn't have anyone else if I needed foot surgery.  He is friendly and helpful but the office wait is always long since he is so popular.  	4	2	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
68	1	commentsSimply wonderful. She helped us find out what was causing my daughters abdominal pain. She took the time to explain everything and assess all options. love her. 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
69	-1	commentsThis doctor is either inexperienced or uneducated because time after time, she's misdiagnosed or missed clear warning signs.  She has no sense of urgency and spends little time asking questions. A few of her mistakes have almost caused grave outcomes.  She either needs to change the way she practices medicine or find a field she can enjoy and actual have some success at. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	commentsIt did take me 3 weeks to get in but I'm so glad I went to Dr. Fedor. She spent quite a bit of time with me and took a lot of time assessing my problem. She was quick to ascertain what the problem may be. Dr. Fedor will now be my physician of choice. I have had the same doctor for 17 years and Dr. Fedor is the first one I have found that I am even more comfortable with. I highly recommend her, 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
69	-1	 Very impersonal. Does not care for patient input. Not interested in previous doctor diagnosis. Does not treat pain. I would rate her very poor.  	4	4	1	1	Insurance:AARP
69	-1	commentsApproximately one week ago, I called to make an appointment with Dr. Fedor.  My mission was to look into finding another healthcare provider closer to Layton.  The receptionist or secretary who answered the phone asked me what insurance I had, and I told her PCN and that she could obtain all my records on MyHealth through IHC.  She blatantly told me that Dr. Fedor would not prescribe narcotics, if that is what I was after.  I was stunned!  I told her to look up my records and that only took drugs for depression (Celexa), Synthroid for my thyroid, high cholesterol medication and Relafen for managing my pain from osteoarthritis.  I don't know if I have ever been on a narcotic other than in 2002 when I had surgery.   The receptionist also said, &quot;I'll send the doctor an email to see if she's interested in taking you on.&quot; I have never been so humiliated in my life.  This kind of behavior from a receptionist or assistant is unacceptable. At the very least, that receptionist should be fired. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	commentsHe was great with my child.  He has a really good bedside manner.  He was fast to see us and made sure we understood everything.  I would like to have him as our family doctor.  He reflects positively on the hospital emergency room. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	commentsI have been a patient of Dr. Fenton's for about five years now and I have nothing but good things to say about him.  He is very knowledgeable and makes you feel very comfortable.  I always feel like he actually cares about me and my health.  He takes as much time as is needed during my appointments and during any treatments he explains the procedure thoroughly beforehand so you know what to expect.  He is one of the few doctors that I have ever had that I feel is a genuinely kind and compassionate person.  There should be more out there like Dr. Fenton!  He is amazing! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	commentsDr. Fenton is a wonderful person. He did my colonoscopy and was so kind and thoughtful. He explained everything and made it very easy. I would definately recommend him! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	 I had him as my colonoscopy first time doctor-- was excellent.  he also treated me for ulcers.  again, great.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
72	1	commentsexcellent doctor 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	 Dr. Fellows has always been very attentive and helpful. I will only go to him because he seems to sincerely care about each person and how to improve their eye problems. I was not impressed with the other doctor who didn't seem interested or attentive. Gavin is also amazing and very personable.  	3	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
76	1	 Dr Fellows is outstanding and very understanding. My family has been going to him for a decade now. There was a noticeable change in the office when Dr Mortenson arrived. The old time friendly Dr seemed to disappear and the business end took over. In place of the hi how are you type of greeting we were used to it's now who is your insurance carrier, how you pay for today's visit&#63;    It is obvious the length of time spent on patients is less than before, the front desk staff needs allot of training and a bit f compassion.  	1	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	commentsDr. Fellows is outstanding. When I had a serious eye infections, he immediately referred my to a reputable opthamologist. He has also been kind, attentive, and thorough at my appointments. The only drawback is the lack of warmth and courtesy from his office staff, and that issue has existed for about ten years. Both the Draper and Sandy offices have assistants and receptionists who need much more training in customer service. Dr. Fellows, you and your patients deserve outstanding support staff! 	4	4	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	commentsI have been to multiple eye doctors trying to find one that I like. Doctor Fellows exceeded my expectations! He was by far the best doctor I have ever been to. He was very patient and thorough. He seemed to really care about me and helping me see the best I can! I will for sure be returning to him for all my future eye exams! Paid/Co-pay:$85	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
76	-1	commentsThis was the worst most inconsiderate Doctor of any kind I have ever been to.  He triple booked the time for my first appointment and only seen me for one minute, then scheduled a follow up.  On the follow up, he was in the office when I arrived, but again bouncing from patient to patient.  His Med. Techs. ran me through some tests, and he never even had the consideration to meet with me or go over the results.  Upon finishing my test, I learned he had left the office to go to another branch he works at.  Very inconsiderate, and never would I go to him again! 	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	commentsThis doctor is the best doctor that I have ever been to! Paid/Co-pay:$200	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	 We have been taking out son to Dr. Karla for many years.  She is very thorough and always listens to our concerns.  I love how she asks the patient questions and not the parent. My son has always felt comfortable with her and always tells me how great a doctor she is when we leave the office.  Really sad that now he is an adult and can no longer have her as his doctor.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
79	1	commentsI think she is great.  I never feel rushed during my kids check ups.  Dr.Feindt and her nurse Danielle have handled all of our &quot;sick&quot; visits with great care. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	 She is by far one of the BEST PED. Doc's around this area.  She has been my granchildrens Doc sense 2002.  We have never been treatede with anything but total respect.  I would recommend her.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	 She is the BEST OBGYN for a natural delivery, she was more supportive than the Mid wife that was fired from the clinic.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	commentsDoes not show much interest to problems of aging patients. Tends to excuse symptoms as natural aging Without looking into more thoroughly. 	5	4	3	4	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	commentsHe is a fine doctor however the wait time is very long. I waited for over an hour when my baby was sick. Also, every time I call to make an appointment the staff puts me on hold for a long time and they are not helpful at all whenever I go in. When I had to wait, they did not apologize or acknowledge me at all. 	1	1	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	commentsDr. Farnsworth is WONDERFUL! I couldn't have chosen a better pediatrician for my children. I have been nothing but impressed in the last 3 years of taking my kids to him. He always knows exactly what he's talking about while other dr's might hum and haw about conditions. He is extremely knowledgeable and I have complete confidence in him. He always addresses all my concerns and answers all my questions at EVERY visit - sick visit or well check. Utah Valley Pediatrics has a wonderful staff of nurses and doctors as well. They are always available for consultation over the phone. I wouldn't want to take my children anywhere else. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
87	0	commentsI am surprised to see the previous comments about Dr. Farnsworth's happy and helpful demeanor because he was anything but that when he came to the hospital on the weekend to check on my son's blood sugar levels while he was in the NICU.  We had made the decision not to circumcise our son and Dr. Farnsworth was not exactly kind when he pointed out, &quot;Well, after tomorrow you can't change your mind,&quot; after we told him of our decision.  I had been warned of his demeanor by a friend and was not proven wrong when he helped us.  I am glad that this is not my child's primary doctor. 	4	4	2	4	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	commentsDr. Farnsworth is amazing.  I feel so at ease with him, and my almost-two year old daughter does, too, which is amazing.  He is very knowledgable, gentle, and reassuring.  He listens carefully, and looks at you while you talk, instead of at his computer.  I highly recommend him and the Utah Valley Pediatrics practice. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	 Dr. Farnsworth is wonderful. He really knows his stuff! He diagnosed a heart murmur that my daughter's cardiologist was amazed to learn he had heard with just a stethoscope. He is very friendly and gentle, even though my son pretty much just screams through every appointment.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$50
93	1	comments 	3	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
