dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	During an outpatient endoscopic Zenker diverticulectomy, Dr. Bentz noted in his Operative Report that the supplied surgical stapler was too large and blocked visualization of the surgical area. However, he elected to continue using the over-sized stapler anyhow. The next day I was readmitted through the ER to the ICU with a perforated esophagus. It took 19 days before my feeding tube and 24/7 antibiotic drip were removed. Dr. Bentz's treatment and bedside manners following the life-threatening incident were nearly as abhorrent as his mid-surgery decision making. I transferred my treatment to an out-of-state doctor at UCLA Medical Center, where I learned the source of my continuing problems was Dr. Bentz's failure to treat for reflux which should have been done preemptively because it is a common post-operative side effect of Zenker diverticulectomy surgery.   I highly recommend to avoid using this surgeon 	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
2	-1	Awful experience.  He told me I didn't have a hyperparathyroidism and wouldn't treat me. Went to another doctor who found the tumor and thyroid cancer. Ironically, Dr. Bentz is a thyroid cancer specialist, supposedly.  He was rude and abrasive.  Stay away.  	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	-1	I made a mistake seeing Dr. Bentz. Maybe in other situations he is an effective physician. During my visit he was rude and confrontational. He didn't want to take the time to answer my questions. Each time I brought up a valid concern, he brushed it off and threw out a one sentence answer. I felt I was wasting his time. At one point he rudely stated &quot;well, maybe it's cancer, I don't know&quot;. I don't doubt his medical expertise, I'm sure he's very knowledgable, however, I didn't appreciate the belittling and his brusk bedside manner. 		5	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	Avoid! these dentists will tell you that a check-up for dentures will cost nothing, then attemmpt to charge you if you decide not to buy dentures after hearing the high fees they quote; they will harrass you and turn you over to debt collection if you dont pay, which amounts to extortion. They also will name your spouse for bad credit even if she has paid her dental bills. 	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Dr. Baraldi is by a mile the most compassionate, patient and thorough doctor I''ve ever seen.  Her bedside manner is as good as they come and is matched by her expertise.  I refer her all the time to those I meet who are looking for a new doctor.  She has helped my family cope with our mother''s continually changing medical and life needs as she goes through a form of dementia.  She was also instrumental in diagnosing her rare illness (Pick''s disease) after we had seen several other doctors who could not pinpoint the exact nature of her decline.  She is kind, attentive and treats my mother with dignity and genuine care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	I do not recommend Dr Bennett. I did not get the outcome I requested and expected. Also due to an infection I had to have additional surgeries. To fix what the infection caused I had to pay additional costs and I trusted Dr Bennett to make the best decision which it turned out he was wrong.  To fix the errors made was going to cost additional charges after I had aready paid $6000.00 which was outrageous.  If you have Dr Bennett perform surgery and you are not statisfied plan to pay more. 	3	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	I had an excellent experience with Dr. Bennett and his staff. Highly recommended! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Dr. Bennett performed a rhinoplasty (nose job) and septum correction for me.  From my first consultation to my post-surgery checkups, he was highly professional, knowledgeable, punctual, and genial.   The surgery went very well, and not only can I breathe so much better but my nose looks so natural that no one can tell! 	 10/21/09	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
6	1	. Excellent service! Highly recommended! Great listener! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	I have beed going to Dr. Barnett for close to a decade now. Even after moving to another state I still go back to Dr. Barnett. His work has always been perfect. By far he as always done a 10+ job. Honestly I truly recommend everyone to go to him. Unfortunately it seems only bad experiences post any comments however you must remember that there are risks no matter what going in to cosmetic surgery, and some times those complications do happen. He takes care of all complications quickly and has never taken any risks with my health. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	Dr Barnett did a breast lift and augmentation. I was very dissatisfied with the end result.  Even after a year, the implants were high and halfway in my armpit.  Dr Barnett redid them.  The result was no better.  We decided that I needed to go with bigger implants to get the look I wanted.  After the 3rd surgery, which I had to pay for partially because of the new implants, they are still not right.  Dr Barnett keeps trying to convince me he can improve the way I look, but i'm not ready for him to operate on me a 4th time.  What a nightmare and a waste of 4 years and countless visits.  Please, go to someone else. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	0	 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	He botched  operations on both my arms and now I have no feeling in my hands The operations were for carpal tunnel and should have been a piece of cake.Wouldn't recomend him to eneyone!! Loss the use of both hands and my way of making a living. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Dr. Bean is not only an excellent doctor, but a wonderful, caring man. I have seen him for several problems over a period of 26 years. He saved my leg after a tramatic traffic accident.  I would not even be walking without him.  My children and husband have also been treated by him.  The only complaint I have is he will soon retire.   Then what will I do&#63;! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
8	1	Dr. Bean has replaced both of my knees, and prior to the replacements, (LF in 04/RT in 09) I had multiple injections and scope surgeries. I have had so many visits with him over the past 8 years that he calls me his friend, and call him a friend as well. I would recommend Dr. Bean to anyone in need of Orth surgery. He is caring, he is compasionate, he is detailed, and when he is not sure about something, he will tell you straight up, yet at the same time keep pushing to find the answers. His staff is great! In fact I have only had one issue with anyone at all in all of Layton Tanner Clinic.  ALL staff is above average, and in Dr Beans office, they are great! 	5	2	5	4 	Insurance:Coventry
8	-1	I saw Dr. Bean after a broken collar bone. I went to see him every month for a year and a half. He told me at that point the bone had healed and that he could shave the large bump off that I had showing from the break. He did the surgery. The bump then started growing back and was not supposed to. Dr. Bean diagnosed me wrong. I went to anther Dr. The bone was a non-union and was not healed. That is why the bone grew back. I went through an unnecessary surgery. I went through the pain for nothing and wasted a lot of time. Dr. Bean's bedside manner was not good. He rushed in and out. I didn't have time to ever ask questions or find out what to expect. His front desk employees were also very rude. Not a good experience!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Dr. Bailey is a very honest, skilled,  and reasonably priced dentist.  His oral hygienist is absolutely the best I have ever visited.  I you have a need for a periodontist, I can highly recommend him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
10	1	He has been our family doctor for 8 yrs. He is very good. He always takes time to go over everything I have questions about.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
11	1	I have seen Dr. Beus since I was a little girl & now take my family to him. He is an amazing doctor; he listens to what you say, tries to help whatever ailment you may have wether through nutrion, medicine, exercise, etc. He really cares about your total well being. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	He is the best family doctor around! He is very thorough in his assessments and takes very good care of his patients. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Dr. Beazer has been our family doctor for 8 years now and the office is the best in the Tooele County.  Wait time is very short and the staff is wonderful.  If one of my children comes home sick from school, I know they will work my child in that same day for an appointment. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	If you like waiting for 45 minutes after your apt in the waiting room and then waiting another 45 minutes to an hour in the room, you'll love this doctor. Tried to give him the benefit of the doubt over 10 years and he hasn't improved one bit. Bed side manner is horrible and he truly does not care about his patients or their well-being. 	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	His staff is phenomenal! Its easy to get an appointment, if Beazer is not available then another doctor from the practice will step in, likewise if you are left waiting too long You Will Be Seen. All records are digital so its easy to make an appointment with anyone in the practice and know that they will have what they need to connect the dots and make the right call. The only problem I have ever had is having to get a second round of antibiotics, He completely knows his business.  	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	-1	Poor personal skill and I don't believe he's knowledgeable in his profession. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	I was referred to him by my family practice doc for a flair in my RA, he did a very very thorough exam and modified my medications.  My aches and stiffness are much better.  He is now my go to doc for Ra. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	I was referred to Dr. Bench in 2010 from my orthopedic specialist who did tests and suspected rheumatoid arthritis. Dr. Bench, I was told, had retired for a few years and then returned to work one day per week.  Technology had apparently left him behind and I had in hand and understood more tests and results than he could even find (could not operate the &quot;dang&quot; computer).  He even quoted me incorrect results from what he could find on the comnputer. He was not helpful nor professional.  I hate to be so negative but he should no longer be working in my opinion. One MRI report showed I had sacroiliitis and when I asked him about it he seemed embarassed, couldn't find it and when I showed it to him he said &quot;I dispute that.&quot; 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	Worst experience I have ever had with a doctor. I was referred to him to determine if I had lupus. He did not listen to me, and ridiculed me in front of an intern he was training -- snickering, and telling me there was nothing wrong with me that we don't all have. I'm sure that at his age he has a few complaints, but I was barely forty. I went to another rheumatologist who did one simple test, found that my thyroid was under attack, prescribed a supplement, and my symtoms improved dramatically. I regret that I allowed my insurance to process a payment to Dr. Bench, because he did not provide the service that was billed. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	He's a very caring and compassionate doctor.  He listens, spends time, and tries his hardest to figure out what's wrong.  Very willing to help in any way.  Would refer anyone to him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	Dr. Bench tells me to come back in 6 months to get my blood drawn again. I always come with new symptoms or concerns and never get an answer! Come back in 6 months is his only statement everytime!!!!!!!!!!!!! FRUSTRATING!!!! 	4	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	helped cure my polymyalgia. Always asked good questions and answered all of mine. Great communication skills and knowledge.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
13	0	Dr. Bench's service varies from day to day (patient to patient&#63;). He is currently accepting new patients but really shouldn't (in my opinion) because 1. he is retiring in 2008 2. it is so hard for existing patients to get in to see him. The other rheumatologist seems more through in her examination techniques and on my encounter with her was much nicer than Dr. Bench. 	5	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Dr. Bell is a great podiatrist! I would recommend him to anyone. He treated my husband and our son for in-grown toe nails and he did such a great job. Our son was but 12 months at the time, had a hard time learning to walk because of the pain from the in-grown toe nails so we were a little worried and apprehensive. Other doctors wanted to put him to sleep while they would work on him and others told us we would have to wait; we did not want to do that. Dr Bell was one and only who was willing to do a local anesthetic. He so gentle and he did a marvelous job working on him. Our son healed fast with no problems and was able to walk after that.  Even my husband (a wimp with needles and blood), who is also picky on who is allowed to touch his toes, thought Dr Bell was great and he would go back to him any time, if he had a need!Service was great, he is a very pleasant doctor and not rushed!  Highly recommend him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
14	1	Great doctor! Awesome staff. Very honest and personable. Does the best he can to answer questions and does not act rushed, takes his time with all his patients. Very service oriented! Highly recommend him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	Dr. Bell treated my husband for a rough spot on the bottom of his foot.  My husband is diabetic.  The doctor did not bio the cyst, only giving my husband instructions to soak his foot in vinegar and warm water.  My husband's foot became infected and the doctor did not check for what type of infection until after I personally went to an appointment with my husband and requested it be swabbed and sent to a lab.  When the results came back, the dcotor had to consult with the lab for treatment.  His treatment did not work.  After repeated visits where the doctor just kept making the wound deeper and wider, I finally called a wound care center and took my husband there.  The result was four months of care including having to have hyperbaric treatments and a cost to us of several thousand dollars plus the extra stress, etc. When we first went to the wound center, they thought his foot would have to be operated on and at least a toe removed.  We would not recommend this doctor.  	3	2	2	1 	Insurance:Humana
15	1	Dr Benham likes to hear himself talk, and does not listen.  He does not display the compassion that I have experienced with the other ob/gyns that I have seen over the years; his bedside manner is poor.  His appts are booked every 15 minutes, so he does not spend much time with each patient; if an appt runs over, he quickly gets behind.  I waited nearly an hour to see him during one visit.  I will not return to him for future care, nor would I recommend him to others.  	3	1	4	3 	Insurance:Aetna
16	1	Dr. Bell is awesome. He is kind and compassionate and really listens and takes the time needed with his patients. I would highly recommend him to anyone looking for a primary care doctor. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Very nice staff, very thorough and knowledgable doctor.  I switched to her after my previous physician left town, and I will be happy to bring my whole family to her, which says a lot.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Dr. Banks is a great doctor. My problem is with her office staff. I had an appointment set, and called to confirm but it had disappeared off the books...I was looking at the card with the date and time on it. It took almost two weeks to have them fax a referral for me to get an ultrasound, even with me and the referral company calling. It took two weeks to refill blood pressure medicine, and then they renewed one  &amp; denied the other medicine and didn't bother to call me...I had been in the office within the last two months. The last time I was there I tried to make a follow-up appointment that Dr. Banks requested and the staff up front wouldn't even make an appointment for me. They said they would write a reminder for me to call in, but would not make the appointment. It's sad because Dr. Banks is such a great doctor, but if her staff doesn't follow her orders it useless for me to go there, so I moved our family records to another office that doesn't need babysitting.  	1	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Dr. Bank is great.  Very bright.  Staff is so nice and the office is beautiful.  I transferred my whole family from another physician to see her because I was so impressed with her.  She is friendly and kind, while still being straight-forward. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	I went to see Dr Bank due to depression. Although she was, in the end, unable to help me (she recommended a psychiatrist for me to see) she was very good at asking questions and actually listening to my responses. She also did a thorough exam of me to be certain that I wasn't sick because of something physically wrong with me (blood test). For as long as I stay in the valley area, Dr Bank will be my doctor. She was great.  	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Humana
17	-1	We were pleased with Stacey's demeanor at the beginning, but let's face it, competency is number one, next to of course professionalism.  Issues began to surface after we started asking informative questions regarding vaccination.  We are not Jenny McCarthy crazy anti's--just want to know the potential consequences vs the benefits and primarily for determining a safer vaccination schedule for our little girl. At first, Stacey pretended to be vaccine neutral, telling us that she recommends full vaccinations, but that the decision is entirely up to the parents and that she would respect that decision. After reading literature she gave us, we chose to vaccinate, by spacing each administration. After the first vaccine, she became ill for three months. We simply wanted to know why she responded that way. Stacey became belligerant with my questions and promised to no longer see our girl if she was not fully vaccinated by a specific date. She refused to answer q's, so much for parents rights 	5	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Thank you Dr. Stacy Bank!  You are awesome!  I was so nervous to go to a new doctor, but my sister sees Dr. Bank so I went too.  She is very smart and very nice and listens to your concerns.  She is funny too, so she joked to put me at ease.  I finally found a doctor I trust and like a lot. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	I just moved to Salt Lake, and am so happy a friend recommended Dr. Bank.  She was so great with my kids, and they love her.  Her medical assistant Lily is so helpful as well.  Great office. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	I was very comfortable.  She was busy but ran on time.  Listened, and was light-hearted.  Good sense of humor and explained everything.  Staff was nice.  Office is brand-new and beautiful. Will take my whole family there.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
18	-1	.  	5	2	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
18	-1	2 visits to this doctor and I realized I needed to run like hell. Should've ran after the 1st one, but thought I'd give him a 2nd chance.  At my 1st visit I was 34 weeks(just moved) and we talked a little about what I expected and what I was against. He did the routine measuring of my uterus and I didn't push my pants down far enough so he did it for me(really uncomfortable considering my last doctor would just go over my pants). At the second visit I was scheduled for my GBS test. He did this which was fine, but then with no warning at all, he did a vaginal exam(very uncomfortable, and it hurt really bad as well, I was still in pain from that the day after). He then told me my bishop's score, which he said was used to see if you would come b4 to your due date or on it. Not true, the bishop's score is used to see if you're able to be induced(which I am against unless medically needed; I told him that on my 1st visit). So he not only lied, but he also did a procedure that was not needed 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	I had Dr. Benedict for my first pregnancy. I would go back to him if I hadn't moved. I will say that he wasn't as informative as I expected. However, if I had questions he always took the time to answer them and I trusted his opinion. Don't expect him to talk your ear off. I had to do my own home work to find out what questions I had as I think I should have. 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Dr. Benedict has delivered 3 of my children including a twins. Dr. Benedict has vast experience, and is an excellent choice for someone with a high risk pregnancy. The only negative would be that if you want someone who is talkative, outgoing and will give you &quot;warm fuzzies&quot; you won't get that from him. He's straightforward, but will take time to answer your questions. Overall, he's a good doctor. 	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Good doctor. Very knowledgeble and straight forward. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	I LOVED going to Dr. Bennett.  He and his staff were very thorough and answered all my questions.  I had a crown and two fillings done and I loved how he explained everything that was going to be done and I especially loved that i didn't feel the shot.  I would recommend him to anyone that wants to go to an amazing dentist that stays up on the latest technology. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Very good dentist, Very professional and very friendly, I would recommend him to anyone.  Did a wonderful job 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	-1	isn't very knowledgeable, is anxious to do crowns on teeth that do not need it, is rude to his assistants, and doesn't care about people. if you want a bunch of crowns that you don't need, go to him. very dissatisfied, will never go back. 	4	5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	She is very knowledgeable, good listener, but seems to have a very hard time getting herself to work.  One has to ponder the reasoning of this. If you see her monthly but need to get in quicker it is nearly impossible due to her popularity.   No openings with this dr! 	2	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Dr. Baugh has been our family's dentist for over 15 years. His whole office is friendly and makes you feel important and comfortable. I drive 40 minutes to see him, because of how he makes us feel. Personally, I am terrified of the needle. Dr. Baugh has his assistant use a procedure of spraying water onto the injection site which causes a &quot;pressure feeling&quot;. By the time time you realize that there is a needle in there, it is over and there is no pain or stress. It also keeps that nasty taste out of your mouth. His staff are all competent and warm, friendly. They genuinely care about the patients. We have never had issues with our bill or scheduling. Dr. Baugh has several different dentists that work in the office which all are willing to step in on emergencies. He has always given a little &quot;extra&quot; and it has made all the difference.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:AARP
22	1	I think it's important to be not only a good doctor but a good person.  Dr. Berry is absolutely wonderful at both.  He is both compassionate and very knowledgeable.  I would trust him with my life.  One of the most amazing people I've ever met. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	I think Dr. Berry is wonderful! I began seeing him for fertility issues after 2 years of TTC.  He is very empathetic and understanding and did his best to give me hope. He really took the time to listen to my concerns. After only a few months of seeing him, we conceived our little boy.  Dr. Berry is kind and hard working.  He takes the time to answer any of my questions and makes me feel like he really cares.  His staff is great and I've never had a problem scheduling an appointment. I think Dr.  Berry is an excellent doctor! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
22	0	His office staff is terrible.  They have messed up faxing my labs or getting the results to me every time (4 times) I have been there.  The doctor and his nurse practitioners are nice but it's not worth dealing with the office staff mess-ups. 	1	2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
22	0	Worst dr experience of my life. The second time I came to see him, he didn't remember my name or even recognize me (it was only a couple weeks later). I also waited for over an hour and finally left before he came back in the room. He was very rushed and I felt like I was just a patient on a chart to him- he did not make me feel cared about as a person at all. I was very disappointed after hearing great things about him. 	5	1	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Dr. Steven Berry is an amazing doctor. He cares about his patients.  He takes the time to get to know his patients and to address all questions. He is very knowledgeable and he has a genuine interest in helping his patients.  He helped me with my two pregnancies. He has been my family's doctor for the past 11 years. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	0	Dr. Berry was condescending and made me feel like I was wasting his time. He seems to have a god complex. The wait time was horrible too, he has way too many patients. 	2	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Dr. Berry has amazing bedside manner and always makes me feel like he cares about my situation. I'm fine waiting in the waiting room if it means he's going to take his time with me and not be rushed to get to the the next patient.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
22	1	Dr. Berry is very understanding and takes time to answer our questions (as long as we ask).  We had an emergency c-section, and he saved our baby! We trust him completely.  I love that we can email him with questions and he will answer in less then 24 hours.  He is very busy, but never seems rushed during our visits.  We also really like his nurses, and the PA.  I know if I can't get in to see Dr. Berry, the PA will be very helpful.  I have had visits that have lasted more then 20 minutes because both Dr. Berry, and the PA take the time to answer all our questions in detail, until they know we understand. The ladies at the front desk are also kind, and helpful.  I have had alot of problems with the women in accounting.  We get bills that are for other people, and have even received a bill 10 months after a service and we thought it had been paid.  Although I think this reflects very little on Dr. Berry and his capabilities, it can be frustrating. 	3	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	The wait time is usually not too good even in early morning. But Dr. Berry is wonderful in his compassion, sympathy and also very skilled. His staff is good at relaying messages and Dr. Berry is good at returning calls. He's very concerned with getting you well and if he can't he sends you to a specialist. He really does have too many patients though. I was one of his first patients when he started practice and now it's hard to even see him. He's scheduled for like 2 weeks out at least. So I'm usually pawned off to see a PA. Other than that he's a great doctor. 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	My entire extended family goes to Dr. Berry and we all love him.  He is smart, friendly, and a great doctor.  He spends a lot of time with you when you come to see him and he never seems rushed to leave. 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	He's the best doctor I have ever had.  He respects me and my wishes.  He is almost like a midwife but is a doctor. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	Don't let him be your ob/gyn. He won't even show up to the hospital. He wasn't really knowledgeable, and he has way to many patients. 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Dr Berry is awesome! He also has great people in his office who are always really great to answer questions and give help if you need anything at all! They can usually get you in to see one of them at a short notice! :) 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	This doctor saved our daughter's life not once bu two times.   We will always remember how much Dr Barnhart has done for our daughter and our family 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Dr. Barnhart was very attentive to my son at his bedside and eased his fears very quickly.  He was extremely busy, yet took the time to sit down with us and explain every detail and answer all questions without rushing us.  My son was happy to hear Dr. Barnhart was doing his second surgery.  You're great, Dr. 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	I went to Dr Barson for fat transfer liposuction and breast augmentation. I'm absolutely thrilled! He did exactly what I asked for with minimal pain or swelling. It's scary putting your body in someone else's hands, but my surgery turned out great. Dr Barson is skilled and caring. I would recommend him to anyone. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	I've been his patient for a few years now and he is the best doctor!!! My friends go to him to and we all love him. Sorry to say (a few of the below comments) you are wrong. He is amazing and you are in good hands. I look so young now and I have him to thank. Thank you Dr. barson you ROCK! To the person who said he is a qwack.. go check yourself. You probably were on tons of blood thinners or something! Dr. barson is the best!!!!! :D :D :D 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	I was really impressed by how much Dr. Barson knew... concerning cosmetic considerations.  I have shopped all around and have had procedures done else where but Dr. Barson truly stands out with both knowledge, time spent w/ customers, and service. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	I went to see Dr. Barson for fat transfer.  Liposuction of hips and abdomen to my breasts.  I did pay more then anticipated because I had fat injected twice to fix my sagging breasts from nursing.  It's been over 4 months so my result is permanantand i'm thrilled.  He might not wear the fancy suit, but I achieved the result I was looking for.  Fuller breasts with no implant. 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	performed an extremely painful procedure without offering explanation to expect severe pain. 	1	1	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	I went in for botox and some fillars. My face was swollen for 7 days with two black eyes. This guy is a qwack. Watch out !!!! 	3	4	4	3 	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	I saw him for S-I joint problem. (Sacro-iliac joint back pain).  He had some fabulous idea to inject something into my back to relieve pain.  It all sounded good.  I took the first injection, but oopsie he injected it into my bloodstream and my lips immediately went numb and my vision went blurry.  Skip to the end: never went back, got treated by a real doctor.  Turns out all I needed was a lift in one shoe to even out my pelvis and relieve the pain.  He is NOT an M.D. He told me he was an osteopath. (D.O.) Doctor of osteopathy.  They are licensed to perform surgery, and prescribe meds and treat patients, but this spinal ligament injection idea was for the birds. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	Didn't return phone calls. She didn't know what to do for the patient and failed to give a referral for someone that could help. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	He only works at Bear Care on Saturdays which is very convenient for a lot of parents. 		5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Dr. Bach is the best! He listens to what is hurting and then works WITH you in easing and/or eliminating the pain misalignment brings on. He explains very well. His staff is knowledgeable and helpful. No vitamins for sale or cures for diabetes--just honest help. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Dr. Bach is the best! He is medically well-trained and confident in his skills. His office is relaxing and aesthetically pleasing. Maddie, the office manager, is pleasant and helpful.    I have MS and my spasticity causes pain and alignment issues. After visiting other chiropractors and PT's, I would choose Dr. Bach.     Dr. Bach assesses the alignment problem and adjusts me. He doesn't use &quot;hocus-pocus&quot; techniques, vitamins, or requires you to &quot;pay-services-forward&quot;.    I get adjusted and then a great massage from Devin, the massage therapist. Her deep massage is spectacular.     Would I recommend Bach Chiropractic--YES! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	I started seeing Dr. Bach because he's close to my house and accepts my insurance. I don't really like the extreme adjustments where one's head is grabbed and yanked to the side. Dr. Bach uses a hammer-like tool to firmly pound my vertebra instead. It's less stressful for me and seems to do the job.  	3	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	I wish he was more thourough. If you have a problem then he is but he never examines you otherwise.  His office is finally into this century and computerized. I don't like how they leave the doors of each room opened until the doctor comes in, you can see everybody else sitting in their rooms, no privacy, and the walls are paper thin you can hear everything in the other rooms. 	3	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
28	0	He gives to many pills and his staff is very bad about calling in RXs and he isnt very through .I don't go to him myself and I wish my family member would quit him but he is easy to get in to. 	1	4	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	I liked tis doctors personality and bedside manner.  But I won't return because his office practices are antiquated, they haven't got record computerized or even typed.  He doesn't hire certifed medical assistants. And the in office lab pratices seemed questionable to me.  	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	I'm generally conservative about my treatment.  I don't like to try new medications when older, better know medicines are likely to do the job.  Doctor Bigelow is similar in his outlook, preferring the patient to take an active role in his own care.   He always takes his time with me 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
28	1	Dr. Bigelow is very nice and helpful. He could be more thorough.  He never listens to my heart or lungs and check my thyroid, I would change that about him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	I like him. He is easy to talk to and listens to me. He can help me with most problems. I don't care for some of his front office staff, not the friendliest. 		4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Dr.Bankhead is just fantastic. I got two implants and two bone graft at his office in the past 12 months and I cannot ask for a better result. He and his staffs are very professional and caring. I'd recommend Dr.Bankhead to anyone who needs periodontal care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	0	Dr. Bankhead seems only to be interested in money.  He tried to talk me into the second expensive procedure so I sought a second opinion and was told it was unnecessary.  I have never had as bad and painful experience with teeth cleaning as I had with his dental assistant.  Run, don't walk from this guy. 	2	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Dr Bateman is a standout. She is highly intelligent and compassionate. She is truly dedicated to her patients and to the development of rational protocols for helping people afflicted with CFS/FMS. Because she spends an unusual amount of time in the initial evaluation and the subsequent treatment consults, compared to other practices, it limits the amount of monetary reimbursement she receives. I am sure Dr Bateman could recruit a more profitable clientele, however, despite her shoe-string budget, she remains devoted to her patients and to research that will benefit them. In a field where there are few answers and many questions, Dr Bateman manages to instill a sense of validation and optimism in each patient consult. For a patient that is willing to accept the unknowable about Chronic Fatigue Syndrome and Fibromyalgia, there is no better partner in exploring the possible answers to his/her unique life/health experience.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
30	1	Dr Bateman is one of the coolest Dr's I've ever been to.  Her and her staff are wonderful.  They listen and care.  Both of these things are what you need if you have FMS or CFS.  They really get me motivated to get healthy and maybe even go into remission.  If I had not found Dr Bateman and her staff I would still be lost not knowing what to do. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Specialize in chronic fatigue. She listens, and tells you to listen to your body. She is sympathetic and has a geniune desire to help us poor tired people! Don't see anybody but Dr. B at the office! She's amazing. She really works with you to find what works for you--doesn't just spout of generic answers and send you off with a prescription. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	I have been to many doctor's to help with my Chronic Fatigue.  She has given me hope and is truly sincer in her persuit to help her patients have a better quality of life.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
30	1	Dr. Bateman and her office staff provide consistent quality care to patients with chronic fatigue synddrome and fibromyalgia. Dr. Bateman is an expert in her field and is up-to-date on the latest research. Dr. Bateman's office staff is unfailingly kind and caring. I highly recommend Dr. Bateman to anyone who is looking for a physician who can help them manage these terrible illnesses.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	Dr. Lucinde Bateman and her physician's assistant Debrah Shea have given me outstanding service for a number of years. They specialize in Chronic Fatigue Syndome and Fibromyalgia. I get expert advice, unrushed appointments, and personal care. I highly recommend them.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	Excellent doctor! I would recommend him to anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Dr. Vickie, is sometimes a little behind, but she always is helpful, attentive, and knowledgable. She has given perfect care to our little special needs baby, as well as the other four children in our family.   Dr. Vickie not only gives medical attention but she also cares about her patients. When you are in the office you get her full attention.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
32	1	We LOVE Dr. Berger and I completely disagree with the last post about her. She is VERY knowledgeable. She spends copious amounts of time with us to make sure that all of our questions are throughly answered. She has no problem letting me go at a &quot;parental pace&quot; when it comes to immunizations. She interacts with all my children so well. She takes the time to really understand their issues and asks a plethora of questions to best determine their treatment. I've been so impressed and I will continue to go to her. Don't let that last post discourage you. She is a wonderful doctor and we will continue to go to her for many years to come! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	My son was diagnosed with the H1N1 virus and we were told that there was really nothing to be done beyond giving him lots of fluids and OTC pain reliever for his fever.  I am pregnant; however, and when I called my OBGYN to let them know the situation they said he and I both needed to be on Tammiflu in order to keep me from getting a severe case.  When I called the doctor's office back about it, Dr. Berger said my son did not need Tammiflu since it was a virus and it wouldn't do much to help right now, plus the doses are limited.  When I insisted that my OBGYN recommended he be on it for my health I was told they would call me back.  They still have not.  Now, the only way I can see getting him on it is taking him to another doctor and getting the prescription after paying for yet another office visit.  I will not be going to Wee Care Pediatrics or to Dr. Berger again.  They were not helpful, and they seem less knowledgeable than my OBGYN. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	LOVE HER!!!  She is the best doctor ever!  She never makes you feel stupid for asking questions and she takes time with you to make sure you understand everything.  She's amazing.  She makes you feel like you're her best friend.  She's great with the kids too :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	We love her!  She is very thorough.  I love that she doesn't make you feel bad for not breast-feeding or with any other matter.  She always helps ease your mind.  I love that I can always call her and she will call me back.  She truly makes you feel like her only patient.  I love how quick she is to see you once you are in your room. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	I am a family practice MD and I studied as part of my residency a couple of years ago under Dr. Baar who was the chief resident at the time at Primary Children's Hospital.  I was more impressed with her than any other resident in the entire the hospital.  She was an awesome teacher and excellent with children of all ages.  I am now expecting my first child (baby girl) and hope she is still taking new patients by the time she is born.  I HIGHLY recommend her as caring physician. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	Very nice and great with children. Highly Recomended 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	Dr. Baar is a great doctor. She is very knowledgeable, friendly and easy to talk to. She seems to always be on time, but also takes time to ask and answer questions. She takes time to address any concerns and gets to know your children. I haven't had a really sick child, but I am confident she would make a correct diagnosis.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	Dr. Baar was very professional, but approachable and friendly. She took time to get to know my children and ask them questions.  Even my stranger-anxiety filled 8 month old loved her.  We just moved to the Salt Lake area and the kids were sick.  We had to find a doctor on short notice.  Dr. Baar was recommended by a family member.  Her staff was able to fit us in same day.  We expected to get there and wait, but Dr. Baar was right on time.  She was very thorough and appropriately concerned.  And she requested that we call her if the kids didn't improve quickly.  That was quite a nice change!  We are very grateful to have found a doctor that we mesh well with. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	I LOVE Dr. Baar!!! She is awesome! She doesn't treat us like panicky parents when we have a concern and she totally put the hospital nurses in their place when our daughter had jaundice. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	Dr. Just brushed off my concerns, His office staff is the worst I have seen or heard for that matter, your wait time ranges between 45 minutes to 60.  So bring a book. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	More than adequate.  Professional and aware of my problems.  	3	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	I have been under Dr. Barman's care for the last 8 years.  I have been treated for phneumonia, depression,anual physicals ect. I respect and apreciate his treatment.  I have always had his full attention and aproiapate amount of time in my apointments.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	-1	This doctor was horrible. He completely ignored all of our concerns and questions. My husband went to this doctor told him all the symptoms he was having and the doctor did nothing to help. He told him he was fine and my husband ended up in the hospital for 11 days! Three of those days were in ICU.  I would not recommend this doctor to anyone! 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	She is nice, smart, personable and caring.  But I'm considering switching because she seems to be overbooked and it takes 4 months to get even followup appts.  Have had numerous miscommunications with office staff.  I thought her nurse was rude (via phone) a couple times.  I didn't have pen ready to write a complex dosing schedule and I asked to have it repeated she was sarcastic.  Like the other poster noted, she's been helpful on the major problem but not time to address other issues and how can you proceed when it takes 4 months to get appt.  	1	3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	I really like Diana, she was a busy doctor, but took her time until it was time to go then out the door she went, which I think she probably thought there was no more to discuss when  some times I thought there was. I would continue to see her because I think she is really talented at her job and I liked her, but I got on medicaid and she does not except it so I had to find someone elese that is justis not near as knowledgeble as she is.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
35	1	Waited 1 hour once I was in the examroo and no one came to tell me why she was taking so long. She came, she asked same questions other doctors have asked before, gave me a long list of medications, sent me to do MRI and gave me a follow up apmnt for 10 weeks!!Only talking about my migraines and not talking about my neck and shoulder pain which I wanted help with also. I asked about that,and she said (on the hallway on the way to the receptionist) that we will talk about that next time..10 weeks&#63;&#63;&#63; Not very happy or impressed with her or the staff. I am still going to try her tratment, but it has been 2 weeks and I have had 4 migraines. I have not seen any difference. The result of the MRI was in last week and no one has called to say anything about it so I am thinking that came out OK.I hope. 	3	1	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	willing to spend the time to find out what's wrong. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	She has been my Neuro for 15 years, I have never had to wait long for her. She treats my MS with understanding and patience. She always responds to my inquiries.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
35	1	Tenacious with difficult to diagnosis and rare neurological disorders. Very down to earth. Takes time needed to discuss concerns. Answers questions. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Dr. Berg delivered two of my kids and was my dr. for many years before that.  He was always very kind, knowledgeable, and interested in my, my condition and all my questions.  I would go back to him anytime! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	I went to the ER with some strange heart activity. Dr. Berg was on duty. I was treated very well. He explained everything he was doing, and why. He answered all my questions including some not dealing with my heart. I found him to be a good Doctor, well reasoning and accurate with diagnosis.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
36	-1	First, let me say that I don't have insurance, so when I went ER during vacation and saw Dr. Berg after suffering abdominal pain for 24 hours I was looking for an answer to my pain. A few previous painful episodes had me in the hospital a week or so earlier, and that doctor said I might have IBS. He gave me some drugs and pain meds and told me to come back if they didn't work. When I told this to Dr. Berg at the ER (my mistake) and he ran with it trying to link all my symptoms to IBS and did not do a full check for my condition. He gave me an x-ray, some blood work, and and IV. At the end when I asked for some pain meds or something to help with supposed IBS related pain which he diagnosed he refused to give them. After a week of more agonizing gut wrenching pain (without pain meds thanks to doctor Berg), I ended up back in the hospital with my original doctor who ran an ultrasound and a CT scan to find out I had to have my gallbladder removed immediately. 	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
37	0	BEWARE OF CHOOSING YOUR DOCTOR.YOU MIGHT NOT BE ABLE TO SEE ANY OTHER DOCTOR IN THE FUTURE. Dr Robert Berry is a competent physician and orthopedic surgeon. He operated on my very messed up back, and I found relief. Three years later I needed more surgery, However,I wanted a neurosurgeon. The rating web sites listed him as a neurosurgeon, which was incorrect. I didnt ask him again if he was a neurosurgeon and because I assumed the ratings were correct. Now I need more surgery, and I applied to 3 surgeons,one orthopedic and one neurosurgeon. EVERY SINGLE DOCTOR DENIED ME EVEN A PRELIMINARY APPOINTMENT. IT IS ALL AN OLD BOYS NETWORK, SET UP TO SERVE THEMSELVES, NOT THE PATIENT. They all said, thru their secretaries, Go back to Dr Berry. Well, I want to see a nurosurgeon. Why is that a crime&#63;  As i said, BEWARE.  	4	3	2	4 	Insurance:HIP
38	1	Dr. Beall has helped me on three separate occasions with trauma I had faced in my life (car accident, childhood abuse, abusive marriage).  I can't thank him enough.  He is kind, intuitive, meditative, and hits the nail on the head every time.  He doesn't mess with therapies that don't work, but uses methods that do, and do quickly.  I highly recommend him if you have faced any sort of trauma.  I only regret that he only does trauma therapy now.  I could use his insight for other areas of my life...you know, a tune-up.  He is the best! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
38	1	Dr. Beall is a phenominal doctor and person. He is totally intuitive and excellent at what he does. He is compassionate and caring of his patients. He has helped me tremendously. I still have a way to go, but I know I will eventually attain my goal with his help. My self-esteem has risen greatly, and I actually fight for myself now when I feel I am being taken advantage of. Words cannot really express my gratitude to this man.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	Dr. Barney is terrific! Knowledgeable, kind, easygoing, thorough - I never felt like he was in a hurry. He did my prenatal care and delivered my daughter. I always enjoyed my appointments and got along really well with his (outstanding)nurses.  Highly recommended! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
40	1	I love Doctor Baxter.  He was on time or early for every appointment except one (Emergency C-Section -- and even then, his associate saw me within ten minutes of my appointment time).  He always had time for questions if I had any, but otherwise, I was in and out very quickly. I just finished my 6-week postpartum visit, and was home before the time the appointment was scheduled.  It means a lot to me when a doctor (and his nursing and reception staff) respect me enough not to waste my time. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	When I told a few of my friends who I was going to see, they lit up and told me I would LOVE Dr.Baxter. And I did. I only had to wait for him once while he delivered a baby and it was only 20 mins. He always addressed my concerns and explained things in a way that made sense. I had A LOT of complications because I was so sick. He was there to check on me EVERYDAY-sometimes more- and the nurses all KNEW me and the situation and seemed VERY concerned about me.  Going to Dr Baxter was a blessing in disguise in so many ways. He found so many things wrong with me that other dr.'s wouldn't even consider checking. I felt like he TRULY cared about me as a person. The nurses in his office are just AMAZING!!! The only complaint we had was some of his front end office girls weren't that great to work with. But still, I recommend him to EVERYONE and won't go anywhere else! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	Dr. Baxter was extremely helpful and compassionate when i had a miscarriage and made me feel so much better after seeing him. He delivered my daughter as well and i thought he was great. The nurse had me push the baby til she was past my cervix&#63; and then Dr. Baxter came in to deliver the baby. He came back to check on me the next couple days and was so nice and friendly. His nurses at the office are awesome! He sometimes seems rushed but still answers questions and gets you in and out very fast. He did 2 ultrasounds. one the first appt and one about 20 weeks. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	Dr Baxter is a phenomenal man. I have used him for both my children and my husband and I are very pleased with our experience's. Wait time is extremely short. The visits were brief but he would always take any time to answer any and all questions we had. He and the staff were all very helpful. I had a vaginal birth, which I feel he did very well with and kept me well informed on my progress. I will certainly go back to him and would recommend him to any woman.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
40	1	Good Dr very helpful during my pregnancy very punctual. Right on time for my delivery and helped me through hyperemmisis my who pregnancy. Only down side is broke my water before I really knew what was going on. Don't deliver at Orem nurses didn't catch Blood clot in my lung even though I complained the whole time of unbearable pain and shortness of breath.  I recommend him for non high risk normal pregnancys 	3	5	4	4 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
40	1	Dr. Baxter is a great doc.  Has been my doc for many years and is always very helpful and punctual.  I would recommend him to any women who wants a Dr. who practices great medicine. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	Dr. Baxter was very punctual for pregnancy check-ups, which I loved!!  During those check-ups he kept things brief, but was always willing to answer any questions I had.  If I were rating him on check-ups, he'd get 5 stars--awesome.  The delivery though. . . awful.  I was induced, which was fine, but when he came in to check on me, he broke my water before I knew what was going on, while my husband was across the room on the phone--I was so bewildered by what was happening, and hated that he didn't even ask if that was okay.  Then I mostly delivered my baby with a nurse present, and he barely made it in by the very end.  I felt that his priority was punctuality/moving things along quickly as opposed to taking into consideration the feelings/desires of the patient.  My sister-in-law had a c-section with him and had nothing but good things to say about him, but for vaginal births, I'd recommend someone else.  	5	5	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
40	1	Dr. Baxter is very respectful and nice. He is busy it seems, but never to the point where I feel slighted. He has always given me whatever information I need and does a great job. Me, a couple of my friends and family members all use him and we all feel the same, he is great. 	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	Showed up at the last minute (literally) for my delivery.  The nurse kept trying to find him, but couldn't.  I had to stop pushing and wait through several contractions so the baby didn't come while he wasn't there.  During the delivery and while he was stitching me up, he didn't explain anything he was doing and then the next day forgot to check me as he made his rounds at the hospital.  His partner did it later that night. 	5	5	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	I had a baby with a serous problem that was not caught before delivery. At the end of my pregnancy Dr. Baxter keep ask me when I was due, and I keep think to myself I don't know your the doctor. I was measuring bigger then I should have been and Dr. Baxter didn't bother to order an ultrasound. Had he order another ultrasound the problem could have been caught and maybe my baby could have lived. Dr Baxter also didn't bother to look at my hips and due to how small I am the baby got caught in my hips. It was a horrible delivery on top of all the other problems this baby had, she also had cerebral palsy. I was full term 35 weeks and 5 days, so almost 36 weeks. I never got a call for Dr. Baxter after the baby passed away.  I did however have the baby on a Wednesday, and she passed away on Thursday, and his office called on Friday to confirm my appointment for Monday.  What horrible communication skills he must have with his office staff. I would never recommend this doctor. 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	I''ve heard a few comments from others about Dr. Baxter that imply they don''t like him.  I think mostly because he is an in and out kind of doctor... I have always found that he answers my questions appropriately and makes sure everything is going well at my appointments.  I NEVER have had to wait long which is a major plus.  I don''t know what kind of relationship people expaect to have with their OB, but he is great, fast but personable, friendly and nice.  I would recommend him to friends. 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	0	He was o.k.  I thought he was always in a hurry, also didn't like that fact that he wanted to do a c-section, when it was not even necessary. 	5	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	Dr. Baxter is a nice person.  He did a great job treating me in my teens for problems I had.  He did a great job with fertility issues I had when trying to become pregnant.  However he was very unsupportive of my wanting a natural/drug free childbirth.  (I'm not one of those fanatic freaks,  I just wanted to do it without drugs.)  He told me I would not be able to do it, that I would fail and ask for an epidural.  In my last appointment before having my child he stripped my membranes without asking me or telling me.  I bled a lot.  It hurt like crazy but it was my first child and I didn't know what he was doing.  He broke my water in the hospital without asking/telling me.  (We had talked earlier about not breaking my water.) I did go on to have a natural birth.  He showed up as I was pushing. If you aren't bothered by a doctor not talking to you about what they're doing then he's great for you.   For me he was a great Gyno, (he is also good at being on time), but NOT a good OB.  	3	5	2	1 	Insurance:Aetna
40	1	Great Doctor! Very Professional and Competent. Staff is punctual and helpful, as well. He doesn't talk a lot, which suits me just fine, but ever time I've had a question he is more than happy to answer it for me. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	I agree, he is almost always on time! He talks kind of fast which I sometimes misinterpreted as trying to hurry me. But really, he doesn't hurry you at all. Just ask him any question you want and he's glad to help! 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	If you want a punctual Dr he is the one for you! I never waited more than 5 min (as opposed to his Partner Dr. Young who always seemed to be running late). I was grateful he found immediatly that my baby turned breech. We discussed our options and I chose to have a c-section. He is very good at them! I hear he dosen't like to be called till the last second on vaginal births though. And he only delivers at OCH and Timp--which is bad if your baby has to be shipped to a NICU like my baby did. (I'm switching Dr.s for that very reason...and he dosen't do VBACS either).  But he's a great Dr and very pronto! 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	Dr. Baxter is a great doctor! He listens and addresses all concerns brought to his attention. He's a bit quirky in his mannerisms but only because he wants to make sure you understand what he is suggesting. He has great confidence in his recommendations. He covers all the bases and makes sure that all appropriate tests are run before a prescription or surgery is recommended. Dr. Baxter knows WHO he is talking to before he comes into the examination room (meaning, he will read your medical records to refresh his memory about your case before he enters, which is unlike some doctors who cannot remember your name, much less your ailment). He is also willing to refer you to someone else if he thinks that they would be better equipped to address a medical issue. Also, the assistants and nurses in Dr. Baxter's office are very helpful and compassionate. 		4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
41	0	Dr. Biggs is a capable doctor who could have been a little more straight forward with me about his treatment plan for me. After seeing me for over 4 months for cronic pain he felt it necessacary to drop me with no notice to try and find another doctor. Even when asked to recomend another doctor he wouldn't although his staff would. Also after doing a biopsy for melinoma on me he didn't mark the specamin and it was thrown out even though he did get his pay for losing the sample. All in all he is capable but not fantastic by any means. His staff is wonderful though. :) 	5	4	4	2 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	My son is a patient of his, we really like him he is easy to talk to and listens well. My son really likes him. But it took a long time for him to come into the room, about an hour. 		2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	He preformed numerous eye surgerys to fix a partial detached retina. As of now due to the surgerys I am legally blind. Not only did he make my eye sight worse than ever before, but my eye muscles are stretched and destroyed as of now it sags like I'm a stroke patient. His staff was medical students who didn't even now what was going on and seem bewildered most of the time. If any patient has to choose between this Dr. or another, choose the other one. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Dr. Beals is awesome. I have CMT (Charcot Marie Tooth) neuropathy, and Dr Beals was one of the most knowledgeable ortho's I have seen in this field. He is very caring and helpful. Highly recommended. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Dr. Beals is THE most kind and caring doctor I have ever had the pleasure of seeing. As a ballet dancer, it was terribly scary for me to have not one, but two ankle surgeries. Dr. Beals not only put me at ease and made me feel extremely comfortable about the procedure. He is very confident and that makes you feel confident about what he is doing. And he is amazing at explaining things in a way you understand. And that's another thing: he actually takes the time to explain things to you. He is very often running behind schedule, but that is something I quickly got used to because once you are in the exam room with him, you have his full attention and he will not leave until all your questions have been answered. And he goes above and beyond. To this day if I send him an email, he will make sure to send me a reply even if it's only a word or two. Oh yeah...and he totally fixed my problem.  My ankles are perfection now! 	2	1	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
44	1	will listen to you and gets to the bottom of what is going on! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Dr. Barton is the most amazing doctor ever. I have gone to him for 12 years due to horriblr ovarian cysts. And he also delivered my daughter. He was so kind and considerate. He made me feel very comfortable as well as my husband. He took a real concern for us and is the most amazing doctor ever. I hope to be able to have him deliver all of my kids! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Doctor Barton has been my Doctor for 8 years. I adore him.  He had delievered both of my daughters and he is so kind and caring. He never makes you feel uncomfortable, and goes the extra mile to make sure your needs are met.  I will never go to anyone else! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
45	1	I have been seeing Dr Barton for over 18 years and a year ago I went in to get my annual pap smear done and he located a lump in my colon.  He sent me to a radiologist who did a cat scan and found that my bowel was getting ready to shut down thus I could have died.  It turned out that my diverticulitis had become acute and I had to have surgery to remove the severly infected parts of my colon.  I was so used to the pain of diverticulitis over the last 6 years, that I ignored it.  Had it not been for Dr Barton's insistance, I might not have been around to tell this story.       Dr Barton is an excellent physician and a very caring person.  I would never go to anyone else! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	I went to him when I was pregnant with my first child. The pregnancy ended with a stillbirth. Dr. Barton was there for me the entire time and even made it to the hospital in under 10 minutes when I went into labor. ( his office was 15 minutes away) He is very caring, supportive and knowledgeable. I would recomend him to anyone. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	I was referred to Dr Barton in 2004 when I found out I was pregnant with my second child and my original OB-GYN no longer accepted my insurance. I wish that I would have come to him for my first birth as well.  He is a wonderful, caring man. He also did his best to include my husband in everything and make him feel as comfortable as I did.  Thank you!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Very good doctor better than Roth, would pick him over roth. More knowledgable and makes you feel comfortable. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Fantastic doctor.  Really cared about me and my family throughout the labor experience. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
46	1	I have been going to him for over 20 years.He saved my life and always treated me with respect.With my disease I should not even be alive today.So what about the money, my life is more valuable.Yes, I was fat and he was honest with me about it.I sure can't put a person down for honesty.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	-1	Nightmare, not helpful at all.  I went to him 1 1/2 years ago.  The office failed to bill my insurance company and considered the visit &quot;personal pay&quot;.  Despite working with them early on to straighten out the confusion, the &quot;outstanding debt&quot; is now with the constable's office with a date to sell my personal belongings.  The charges went from appx. $2,000 (labs/visit) to now over $4,000 and was being sent to an old address!  I had no idea that this horror story had continued on to this point. 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
46	-1	He was not helpful at all.  Just told me I was fat and I am only 152lbs and am 5'4&quot;.  I am not grossly over weight.  Still having the high b/p and nothing got resolved.  Not very nice either.   Very sarcastic!  Do not go to him! 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	I have been a patient for 13 years and have found him always on time for appointments and never had a billing problem with insurance. He saved my life and I hope he never retires. 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	-1	Very condescending. Does not listen to your needs and feelings; he's right; you're wrong. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
46	-1	Extremely dissatisfied.  Did not focus on my symptoms and instead told me simply to lose weight using his wife's diet program.  I felt very dismissed, and he never followed up with my lab results.  When I called to request them they said there would be a $40 fee.  The receptionist was nice enough, and actually did tell me I could get the results for free online.  I am searching for a new endocrinologist that takes me seriously and actually follows through. 	3	5	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
46	0	To United Health Care patients: This doctor accepted my insurance, not bothering to mention that while his name is on UHC's website as a preferred provider, that status is for an office at an entirely different address than the one he sees patients at. This results in bills not being paid by UHC. Dr. Benowitz knows this, we talked about it, but elects to not inform his patients or have his staff inform his patients that their insurance may not pay.  While I found him to be knowledgeable, I'm giving him a generally low rating because my husband and I ended up owing a few thousand dollars because of this underhanded lack of information. All attempts at resolving the situation failed. Dr. Benowitz also charges $50 to get copies of lab work or any other tests, when you can get them online for free. In my opinion, his fees are outrageously expensive, especially when he doesn't tell you up front that you're going to end up paying them.  	 6/29/10	1	2	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
46	1	I saw Dr. Benowitz despite the bad reviews here, as the reviews dwelled on staff and billing problems, not his knowledge or expertise in the field of endocrinology. I found him to be extremely helpful, he spent quite a bit of time with me taking my history, my extended family's history, and evaluating me. I have more than one auto-immune disorder and he was well versed in them all, even going so far as to test me for one I hadn't even heard of, based on my previous labs and symptoms. I would recommend Dr. Benowitz. It's my opinion that there is often a price to pay for any good doctor and it's usually an office receptionist or billing department that falls short. He came highly recommended by other endo's and I agree that he's a great doctor. 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	-1	Comment one of this page, is so true!!  What a joke of a doctor and expensive!  After 1 hour wait and a two minute consulation, all for a $533.  The staff is awful, how did these peope get hired.  All they want is MONEY!  The health care industry has gone down hill, and they are the star of the show.  DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY WITH THIS DOCTOR!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
46	-1	The worst experience with a Doctor so far. Said they accepted our insurance and took our card.  When it was found the billing/receptionist lied or was misinformed they.   a. Would not call us back b. Did not return phone messages c. Will not work with us because of their mistake but made huge collections threats. d. Billed us for labs that were actually paid for by our insurance but won't take them off their bill. d. Are extremely rude and unprofessional e. Didn't actually even give us our labs.   We ended up going to Dr. Brady who would accept our insurance for the same service.  He billed our insurance about 1/3 the cost that Benowitz had billed us.  Benowitz assertions to us were completely contradicted and backed up with examples.   I'd avoid this guy like a disease.  He does have a militant cancellation policy too. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
46	-1	The doctor's &quot;48 hour notice of cancellation&quot; policy excludes holidays and weekends. I was notified less than 48 hours from my appointment that this was the doctor's policy. The short story is I had to obtain legal cousel to fight charges of about $350.00. I'd stay away from this guy - you'd have a tough time finding a less compassionate doctor. 	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
46	-1	Make sure no matter what that you give Dr Benowitz a full 48hrs notice if cancelling a appointment, otherwise he charges you for a no show appt of $50.00 	5	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
46	-1	This doctor inaccurately diagnosed me.  He put me on a liquid fast, which exacerbated my hyperthyroidism, (later diagnosed with another doctor) then reported to my insurance company (pending) that I was diabetic, when I was not.  When I tried to obtain my medical records for another doctor, he refused to release them without a huge fee.  I reported him to the Attorney General in Utah. 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	I love Dr. Baiden. Believe you me, I am sincerely picky when it comes to choosing a Doctor. I found her when I was ditching another one that didn't listen. Doctor Baiden listens, her advice is to the T, accurate. I am happy to have found the best.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! ***** 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
47	1	She has always been caring and seems very knowledgeable.  	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	-1	Very bad beside manners and very unknowledgeable.  I felt like I was an inconvenience to her and she treated me like I didn't have the problems I was describing to her.  	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	-1	Very bad bedside manner's. Has no heart and is still very young. Jaded as all get out!!!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
48	0	typical surgeon, not much of a bedside manner.....  good surgeon but short with me....  I'm certain others will find him very good.... 	4	2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	 	3	4	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	-1	 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
49	0	I don't feel that he takes me seriously and he won't make eye contact for more than a few seconds. I asked him why, he just turned red and still didn't make eye contact. He is cold and hard to talk to. I'am hoping the next doctor I go to is more attentive and acts alive. The people on staff don't seem no what they are doing and are very unorganized. 	1	4	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	I know another poster wrote this but it's right on: He's respectful and courteous. Couldn't find a better psychiatrist. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	He was really nice.  He was very helpful in treating me.  He seemed to have a lot of knowledge and I was confident in the care he provided. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	I really liked Dr Banks, and I think he really knows his stuff about the correct meds.  Hes young and very knowledgable.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
49	1	Knowledgable and very helpful.  Kind and Compassionate Dr. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	-1	I went there because i have social anxiety to have him see if there is anything i could do or take to help me out. He was horrible. He was arrogant and was not helpful in area where i asked his expert opinion. I also paid my co-pay when i saw him at the appointment but, he said i never paid him and sent me to collections trying to have me pay him the $69 co-pay twice. Now i'm trying to get it off my credit report even though i paid for my appointment up front. I would not recommend Dr Duane Banks. 	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
49	-1	Whenever I told him that my medications wern't working, all he would do was up the dose. After a year I switched doctors and he agreed that Dr. Banks was over medicating me. 	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
49	0	Somewhat timid; didn't actively pursue best way to treat my bipolar illness; not very helpful.  		5	3	3 	Insurance:Aetna
49	1	Friendly and curteous. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	Dr. Bigham was great and able to quickly diagnose my problem.  He treated me like i was important and I didn't feel like he was rushed to get to next patient.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
51	1	Great doctor. Doesn't dumb things down like some doctors. Very knowledgeable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	He is very knowledgeable and personable and is a great pediatrician. He is happy to spend the time answering questions and addressing concerns.  He is very thorough in his check ups. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	Great doctor! Let me know exactly where I was and what to do. Very sweet, and really cares about the patient.  I recommend him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
52	1	Very experienced and so helpful. Was impressed with his kind demeanor and great information. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	. Very good doctor, caring and mindful of the fact that patient needs to know what is going on with the patient's condition, will issue educational material and counsel along with medication, great doctor 	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	Dr. Beus is great! I highly recommend him! As an older adult I was TERRIFIED of having my tonsils taken out, he explained everything, and gave me a realistic picture of what I could expect. He answered EVERY ONE of my MANY questions. Per my request, after surgery he brought my tonsils to me so I could see them. I asked several questions about them and he answered them wonderfully. I knew the recovery would be long and painful, but he did his best to make it better. I had great access to either him or his partners after hours, and I used it several times. He is friendly and cares about you. My recovery was painful, but it was doable. He also took my 12 year old daughter's tonsils and adenoids out a few weeks after he did mine. My daughter had complications in her recovery, throwing up and difficulty hydrating. She ended up needing I.V. fluids twice. It wasn't fun. Having seen Dr. Bues in a routine recovery and a nightmare one, I can say with confidence- he will take care of you. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Hindsight leads me to believe that Dr. Bearnson prescribes hormones for ALL of her patients...regardless.  When I experienced some intense, frequently recurring side effects to the hormones her solution was to perform an invasive procedure to see if I had other problems.  I declined, weened myself off the hormones and have had no more of the symptoms (side effects) that the hormones produced.  I was extremely irritated that she didn't suggest reducing my dosage to see if the side effects would diminish.    Another annoying fact is that you only really get to see the doctor ONCE!  I tried to schedule more visits...requesting another hormone panel be performed, and my request was always brushed aside as though unnecessary and I was handed off to her &quot;assistant&quot;.  Very frustrating experience during a very &quot;frustrating&quot; time of life.  	4	4	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	Very caring and sincere. Seemed genuinly concerned and was very knowledgable. I wish she were a general practitioner so i could go to her for everything. Love her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Unbelievable!!!! When is the last time a doctor actually sat down and spent an hour consulting with you and didn't leave the room or look at the clock&#63;  She answers every question (no matter how dumb it might have been)thoroughly and in great detail.  I felt rejuvenated, optimistic and hopeful the minute I walked out the door. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Dr. Barnhisel is one of the most professional, friendly, and caring dentists I have ever been to.  I would recommend this practice to anyone! I am fortunate to have finally found his office after many unpleasant experiences elsewhere.  My only complaint is that their billing is confusing, but his staff are very willing to work with you to explain it. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Bar none, the best dentist and staff I had ever been to. I have had to have alot of work done and it has always been an excellent experience. In fact, Dr. Barnhisal is the only dentist I can say that about. This might sound cocky but you won't find a better office anywhere. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	This is the best dentist's office I have ever been to! The staff is awesome, Dr. Barnhisel is great and I am glad to be a patient in the practice. SL Smile Design was recommended to me by an aquaintance, and I did not believe the glowing description. But after my appointment I would recommend this dentists office to anyone. BTW I really dislike going to the dentist, but dr. Barnhisel and his staff have changed my mind. It is in fact his staff that made the biggest difference for me.  -Dave S 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Dr. Barnhisel was great. He really took the time and attention I deserve. Most dentists I've seen in the past make me feel like I'm only there so they can collect the insurance. Crank em in and crank em out. Dr. Barnhisel was NOTHING like that. He took great time and care with me and helped me understand the importance of good oral hygene.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
55	1	Dr Barnhisel is a great dentist.  He is knowledgable and friendly (IF you inititate conversation with him) He is meticulousin his work, both generally as well as cosmetically.   Very friendly staff!  See him for a great smile!! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	Dr. Bennion and his staff were absolutely awesome to me! I had a cyst growing on my neck and he got me into surgery on a day he was not scheduled for surgery because I had class and couldn't miss. The follow up appointment was even on a Saturday. What Dr. cares enough to come in on the weekend to check on you and take time out of his schedule to check on you&#63; His staff was also extremely awesome. I was way impressed. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	0	I've seen this doctor twice and both visits were poor experiences. The first visit was for myself and the doctor seemed more interested in talking about his past athletic achievements than giving a proper diagnosis. He spent maybe two minutes looking at me and would not let me give a full history before basically telling me the problem was imaginary. The second visit was for my 4 year old son who was referred by the instacare. The doctor was rude and arrogant, we felt as though we were imposing on him and he accused us of causing the problem by trying to use qtips in our son's ears, something we had not done. He did seem knowledgeable but in each case his investigation and service was so poor that his knowledge was useless. 	4	4	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	A doctor able to admit he doesn't know everything, and one who actually knows more than most. Personable, takes the time to talk to you about your problem. Does not take the patient for granted.  		2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	0	Office staff was unfriendly. It felt as though I was waiting in the DMV line instead of a doctors office. Office environment is stuffy and uncomfortable. Lab work was performed in a hallway type area. Unfortunately because of the uncomfortable environment I won't ever know what kind of professional Dr Bennett is. Phone calls are made by a machine and personal touches do not exist. 	1	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	Dr. Bennett has been our family physician for over fifteen years now and we have been very pleased. We have never felt like he was disinterested in us or our medical needs. His office staff seem helpful, but busy. They do cater to more than one Doctor. I have never waited more than 10 or fifteen minutes past my appointment which is pretty good from what I have heard about other Doctors office waits. The only negative would be lab work. Sometimes waiting 30 minutes or more for your turn. I would highly recommend Dr. Bennett as a family Doctor.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	My husband and I believe that Dr. Bennett must belong to a health care provider that requires him to engage a specified number of patients per hour, day, or week! He has been our family Doctor for a number of years until we met Dr. H in Draper. His office is run like a machine that handles the patients like sheep! We have paid very close attention to how accurate his assistants are when calling in new prescriptions and re-fills. They have been wrong seven out of ten times, either with the dosage, number of pills, size, and whether generic or name-brand. Dr. Bennett consistently writes the prescriptions for the most recent and expensive proprietary medications! His knowledge is excellent but we do get the impression that  he is under a tremendous amount of pressure to produce! Their telephone manners leave a lot to be desired... 	1	1	2	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	Dr. Bennett has been my physician for a number of years and he is always helpful, caring and takes as much time with me as I require.  Has great &quot;bedside&quot; manner but is a true professional.  I would recommend him to anyone looking for a good physician. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	He is a good caring Doctor. My family has been with him for years. 	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	Not a good doctor, to busy, uncaring. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
58	-1	Dr. Berg went to jail for domestic voilence.  If he can't be trusted with those he loves, how can I possible trust him. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
58	-1	I had a major complication, I ended up in the ER with bladder distention, kidney failure, hypotensive shock, shock liver, Blood clots in my legs and lungs, ended up having a cardiac arrest.  This surgeon states he has insurance that will pay for any hospitalization that happens due to the surgery if you are hospitalized within 30 days, the catch is he has to send in chart notes and fill out paperwork.  I have called his office multiple times and have been told by staff that it is being worked on.  This happened 3 months ago and now im being billed $200,000 dollars.  I called his office when I was sick 3 times and was allowed to talk to a medical assistant who answered my questions without talking to the dr.  I told her how sick I was and she gave me her advice, luckily I finally called 911 or I would be dead.I have lifetime problems and my surgery looks horrible, so I will end up paying alot to look like crap. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	I had a consultation with Dr. Berg for a Mommy Makeover.  He is extremely knowledgable, and actually talked me out of some of the procedures I wanted.  I was pregnant at the time and scheduled surgery for six months after the baby was suppose to be born.  I had a miscarriage in my second trimester.  When I called Ashley at the front desk she was very empathetic and offered a refund or to keep the deposit to lock in pricing.  I decided that they could keep the deposit, because I will be having the surgery in the future and there is no one else I would consider for surgery.  I also have asked everyone I run into that has had cosmetic surgery, who they would recommend.  Anyone that went to Dr. Berg has always had rave reviews, and others I spoke with wish they had chosen Dr. Berg. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	-1	 	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Incredible surgeon.  I had bad results from Bindrup and Jones because they were the cheapest.  Now I know why.  Dr. Berg was obviously much better after carefully looking at before and after results. Now after having him correct the mistakes these cheprer guys did, I have sent all my frieds to him and they are all so happy with the incredible artistic skills and results they have with all their surgeries!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Dr. Berg is a plastic/cosmetic surgeon and he is wonderful!  He did upper blephraplasty on me (upper eyelids) and my eyes look fabulous even after 11 years they still look great.  He made my eyes look so youthful and yet so natural.  i would recommend Dr. Berg for this procedure and I would trust him to do another cosmetic procedure on me if I ever do another one. 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	Dr. Balian is the best doctor I have ever went to in my life.  He is kind, caring, generous and he really helped me, not to forget, my family as well.  No one is perfect, if you tried communicating with your Dr. instead of assuming and not speaking up, then of course you don't get the service you deserve - from anywhere, in that matter!  Come on people!  I will never see another doctor, ever, and I am so happy that he is stationed here in St. George!  We are glad to have him here full time.  You seriously will not find a better, more effective doctor who cares about your health and well being!  10 THUMBS UP FOR DR. GARY BALIAN! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	Gary Balian is a horrible doctor! He has no consideration for anyone and writes prescriptions under other names for himself to use..  he should have his medical license taken away and should be charged with perscription fraud. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	After a lethal suicide attempt & 6 days in a coma, Dr. Balian would come into the DRMC Behavioral Medicine Unit (a horrific place) every few days & promise me he would &quot;see me in an hour & we'll talk.&quot;  I was told by staff that he was required to meet with me by law but he never kept his promises.  After being released after 13 days of no sleep (because Dr. Balian never saw me to prescribe meds) from the Unit I attempted suicide again & came even closer to dying.  This type of behavior from a phsyciatrist is unforgivable... 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	I have been seeing Dr Bateman for years and he is the best MD is the valley!! He is very caring and spends lots of time with his patients. He is clearly in medicine for the right reason. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	Dr. Bateman comes across as a bit gruff, but he knows his stuff and he listens carefully. 	 7/18/08	4	3	5	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	Dr. Bierer is a professional and knowledgeable doctor. Dr. Bierer has delivered two of my children and I received great care both times. I had some complications after my first delivery that required some additional medical attention. Dr. Bierer was very attentive to the situation and stayed with me until the felt the problem had been resolved. I would highly recommend Dr.  Bierer! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	We went to Dr. Beirer because we asked the nurses that work in labor and delivery who the best doc was and nearly every one said him. We were not disappointed. Very trustworthy. Also,  Circle of Life gives you an ultrasound on every visit! Which was awesome! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	My insurance is Mail Handlers and is not listed.  Dr. David Bier is the best.  He is one of the few doctors that I trust. He wants the best for his patients, and it shows.  He is intelligent, and also knows how to communicate.  I give him the highest marks of any doctor I have been to. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	Dave was the first doctor to actually do anything about my 2-year infertility.  His bedside manner is exceptional, he is very knowledgeable and specialises in high-risk pregnancy and infertility.  He delivered my first son and I couldn't have been happier with his care and treatment.  He uses state-of-the-art ultrasound machinery.  I would highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
61	1	Wonderful doctor and staff, well-run office. Very understanding of patient's situation and willing to help meet your goals. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	Wonderful OB!! Great experience with Dr. Bierer. He was always very personable and knowledgable.  Would recommend him! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
61	1	Dr. Bierer is the best doctor!  He cares so much about each patient and their concerns, very good with labor and deliver. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	I started going to Dr. Bierer because I was told he was the best. I have to say that I agree wholeheartedly. The whole office is great and very comforting. I recommend Dr. Bierer 100% 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	My girls have been seeing Dr. Bean for more than 15 years.  Dr. Bean is very compassionate and understanding.  She is great at what she does and with her willingness to help and find a cure makes a parent fell that their child is getting the best care from Dr. Bean.  Sometimes, she runs behind schedule but it is worth waiting for her as she also takes the time with your child.  More importantly, it is very easy get hold of her.  She returns my calls and follows up with me always. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	AMAZING. she is the best of the best she has been my doctor since i was about a year and now i am almost 17. she knows what she is doing she finds out what is wrong with you and fixes it right away. she makes sure that you are properly growing and that you are health. i like to say thanks to her and if you need your child to see a pediatricain go to doctor bean.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
62	1	Dr. Bean is the most kind and thorough pediatrician we have ever dealt with. She was so good that we still took our children to her (and paid extra, believe me) when our insurance changed. She caught a murmur in my son's heart that the Attending physician did not catch at the hospital when he was born. It turned out to be a fairly serious complication. Dr. Bean is smart and tuned-in to her patients needs....ALL of their needs. The children LOVE going to see Dr. Bean.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
62	1	Dr. Bean is the best doctor I could ask for. I have an 8 month old and she is the only dr. he has seen or will see. She is always willing to see him and is so easy to talk to. It's easy to tell that she cares about all of her patients, most importantly, my son. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	Dr. Bean is a very good doctor.  She is very friendly and easy to talk to.  You can tell she enjoys what she is doing and she loves children.  She spends time answering questions and making sure you understand what she is telling you.  The bad thing about that is she's usually runny very late. 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	We have taken all four of our kids to Dr. Barlow for various reasons (tonsils, adnoids, and ear tubes). He is an EXCELLENT doctor who we trust explicitly! He has a great bed-side manner and actually TAKES TIME to talk to you.  If he does seem to be a little late in getting in to see you we know that it is because he is giving the same great care and time to another patient.  He will stay in the appointment with you until every single one of your questions have been answered.  We always try to make the first appointment of the day, so no wait, but if by chance we can't get in then the wait time is pretty typical of any doctor.  My biggest compliment to Dr. Barlow is that he genuinely seems to care about the patient and the condition.  He takes it very personal and is a GREAT doctor.  I would recommend him to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
63	1	I went to Dr. Barlow to get my tonsils removed. He was an EXCELLENT Doctor. My wait time in the waiting room was pretty typical for any doctor. His bedside manner is excellent also. After my surgery HE called me (not a nurse) twice within a week to see how I was doing. He also would return calls quickly when I had any questions. He is a great Doctor and I would go to him again! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	Dr Barlow took care of a septum problem I had suffered from for over 20 years and just didnt get taken care of.The suregery was excellent!! his bedside manner was excellent!! i can breath for the first time in years.Thew only thing is you will have to wait in the lobby for a few he is very busy but worth the wait. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	-1	Visited Dr. Barlow for a follow up visit after having CT scan. Wait time was always horrible. During the follow up visit which was made based on Dr. Barlow contacting me and advising he had reviewed my CT scan and wanted to go over it with me, Dr. Barlow done a check as if it was an initial appointment and unaware he had even seen me before. When questioned about the CT scan he said that would be a good idea to look at the x-rays together and he would get them. After another long wait he returned stating he had not seen the films but would schedule surgery. Why advise me to come for a follow up visit indicating he had seen the films when he had not. Why have a CT scan done if he wants to proceed to surgery and never review the films. Horrible doctor, horrible staff. I am seeking another doctor and will not return and strongly encourage all other patients to be patient (if needed) to get into another Dr. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	Great doctor. I would recommend Dr. Bergeson to anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	I found Dr. Bergeson to be abrupt and rushed.  He was very impatient with my 6 year daughter who was afraid.  He did nothing to reassure her.  I left his office without receiving the appropriate medical care because of his attitude.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
64	1	none 		4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	0	I came in for a physical, was never examined, spent 6 minutes with him, vitals were never taken, asked three questions.  Physical over.....  Would never go to his office 	3	2	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	1	Dr. Berneike seems like a knowledgeable M.D., although his bedside manner and punctuality leave a little to be desired.  	3	3	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	My husband had been on insulin since many years. We attended the dinner/seminar, went to his office, he put my husband in supplements and a special diet. My husband is now off the insuline. Dr. Babcok never told my husband to reduce the insulin and was upfront in saying the amount of money that would be charged for the treatment.  I know some people have complained about his treatment but if you follow his diet, exercise and take the supplements, your glucose gets totally under control; his treatment works and I do believe the body develops illnesses due to the lack of essential supplements, daily exercise and a good diet. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	 	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	I went to the free consultation, 2 days after the free dinner. the office looks nothing like a doctor's office should look like, no diplomas or certificates of any kind, during the consultation with Dr Babcock it felt like all the info he gave me was generalize and rehearse, and $6000 for treatment with no guarantees or written results by expert advisers is way too much, you can go to any homeopathic store and get the same items for way less than a couple of hundred dollars, plus I found some questionable items online about Dr. Babcocks professional license. My only mistake was not to ask how a chiropractor came about to find a medical treatment to reverse type 2 diabetes. 	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
66	0	This Doctor is completely dishonest. He charges $6000 for a 6 month diabetes program with the option to drop out after 30 days and only pay $500. Well it sounded good, but after 30 days I was unsatisfied and decided to drop out. He forced me to come to his office for an &quot;exit&quot; interview&quot; and charged me $250 for that without my consent or me being informed of the charges. He also charged me for all tests and office visits. The agreed to $500 ended up being $1700.00. What a complete rip off! Doctor, you dont build a successful practice by ripping off your customers! 	 11/12/11	1	3	2	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Dr. Babcock truly cares about his patients. He understands where diabetics are coming from because his dad died from diabetes. I have had an outstanding experience with his program. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	When I first came to Dr. Babcock for my diabetes, I was on insulin. He was able to reverse my diabetes and I am not on any medication. 5 stars. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	Hi, my 80 year old mother is seeing mr. Babcock and I am worried she is being taken advantage of. She only has 30 days to make a decision before paying him $6,000. Please let me know if you have any information about him. 	 10/8/11	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Initial cost for testing and first month's reports over $1200. Total cost for the 6 month treatment $6000. Meet once per week. $1000 per month seems excessive. Did not sign up. 	 9/8/11	3	3	4	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	The treatment procedures are very costly. WE RECOMMEND THAT YOU LOOK ELSEWHERE. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	This Doctor believes that he does not have to comply with the law. Stay away from him!He is under investigation by Utah State DOPL. He is in fact a non entity. The following information is directly from Utah State website  Name of Entity:  BABCOCK WELLNESS CLINIC, PC  Entity Type:  Corporation  Entity Number:  6281113-0144  Registration Date:  07/26/2006  State of Origin:      Address  , Unknown NA 00000    Status:  Expired  Status Description:  Failure to File   This Status Date:  11/07/2007  Last Renewed:    License Type:  Corporation - Professional  Delinquent Date:  07/26/2007    Registered Agent  Registered Agent:  BRANDON L BABCOCK  Address Line 1:  9265 S REDWOOD RD, #A  Address Line 2:    City:  West Jordan  State:  UT  Zip Code:  84088 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	Dr. Babcock is dishonest and abuses his patients. I will be seeing him next time in Third District Court. He violates patients rights and does not follow Practices and Procedures. He is a TRUE quack~ 	 11/15/10	1	2	1	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	THIS IS HIS AD: Where normal Chiropractic care cost on average forty dollars per visit, you can now receive the same care for less than five dollars per visit. YES I SAID FIVE!!!! When you become a member of our Wellness team you will receive up to 12 Chiropractic Adjustments per month. That makes your adjustments $4.08 per visit. That is unheard of!    For only $49.95* per month you will enjoy the freedom of good health and wellness from the experts at Babcock Wellness Clinics. What are you waiting for&#63; This will not last. We only have capacity for 50 patients on this new plan. The price will go up to $99.95 per month for the next fifty.  You can call our office now at 801-565-1411 for those of you in Salt Lake County  *With all Wellness programs there is a three year commitment to receive such a low price. There is also a $99.95 membership fee which includes exams and X-rays (if needed).Posted by Babcock Wellnessat 9:24 PM0 comments. (yes he will steal you blind!(do not believe this 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	Charges a lot and was unsatisfactory for treatment. 	1	5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	Delivered my first baby and was my dr for part of my second pregnancy.  She retired part way through and didn't tell me that I'd have to have a different Dr. deliver.  I was very disappointed.  She was very good and reassuring, but SUPER busy.  The wait was at least an hour for every appointment and she spent a very few rushed minutes with me.  	3	2	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
67	1	Dr. Beard is an excellent doctor, however she is extremely busy and I always felt rushed. Her nurses are great, however. What I really didn't like about her was that she induces regularly (I'm assuming to keep a schedule). I did not want to be induced without a medical reason, however I was pressured into being induced 3 days before my due date. Because of this, I will be selecting a different doctor for my next pregnancy, but if you would like to be induced (or don't mind it), then she'd be fine. Be prepared to wait. I didn't even get to meet with her until I was over 20 weeks along (I saw the nurse practitioner instead).  	4	2	2	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
67	1	She is absolutely the best in her field in every way. The problem is that it is hard to get an appointment with her. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	0	She was great with my second pregnancy and delivery. Office is always too busy and hectic. My last pregnancy, I was having trouble early on and the office scheduled me for an appointment at 12 weeks when I should have had one right away. I had to find another doctor and had a miscarriage that needed to be treated right away. 		1	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	I've been seeing Dr Mary Beard for 15 + years (I'm only 30) i have recommeded her to a lot of others and they've all been happy. She's a very busy women so expect to wait (punctual&#63; no so much) but I would and do give up a day just to see her. I now live 6 hours away and still make a trip at least once a year. On my last pregnancy I travel 6 hours each month and then stayed in SLC, UT the last month just so she'd be the one to deliver my baby. She's the best 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	0	Dr. Beard was my OB several years ago when I was pregnant with my second child. Besides having a crazy traveling schedule (which made it hard to schedule appointments convenient for me), she was so overbooked, busy and unavailable. She missed two possibly life-threatening conditions I had (a kidney stone too big to pass and then postpartum hemorrhaging--both situations landing me at the local ER AFTER having been seen and treated by her, but misdiagnosed.) She is a very nice lady, but was just too busy and missed important details. Not recommended. 		3	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
68	-1	When I found out I was pregnant Dr. Barney was recommended to me by my regular gyno. At first I was very pleased with him, but at 24 weeks I was diagnosed with severe preeclampsia and had to be admitted to the hospital. I was at Jordan Valley under Dr. Barney's care for two days and I ended up hating him! I agree with the previous comments about him seeming tired, like every second he had to spend with me was a waste of his time. He knew in my condition I would be lucky if my baby made it, and he just stopped caring. Luckily, I was transfered to another hospital where I was taken excellent care of. Unfortunately, my son was born at 25 weeks and only lived for 8 days. After talking to several different doctors I have been told that Dr. Barney should have known that the symptoms I was having were signs of preeclampsia and helped me sooner! If he had, my son might be here today... He may just be busy, but thats a big mistake to make... Good luck to any one that continues to see him...  	4	2	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
68	1	Loved Dr. Barney, he did my C-section. And i was so scared, this being my first baby, but he did a great job and is staff was amazing. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	0	Had to wait 1 hour 45 minutes.  It would have been nice if the staff had kept me informed.  I waited one hour in the waiting room and when I complained, I was taken to a examination room where I waited another 45 minutes.  I think there should have been better communication.  I understand OBGYN's have to leave to deliver babies, but I would have appreciated a little courtesy or even an apology.  	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:HealthPartners
68	1	Let me start off by saying that I absolutely adore Dr. Barney and his staff and am actually a bit surprised to find any negative comments about him.  When I found Dr. Barney, I had been on a hunt to find &quot;the&quot; right doctor, someone to take care of me through a future planned pregnancy, all the way through menopause and beyond. :)  Anyone I had seen for my annuals had been ok, but not really what I was looking for, until I went to him.  I think he has excellent bedside manner and medical knowledge.  He ALWAYS took the time to listen to me and any concerns.  He takes his time with each patient, as your health and your babies health are more important to him rather then getting patients in and out.  He delivered my baby girl and I will keep going to him until he decides to retire one day.  Considering the time and care he puts in to each patient, the time you put in in the waiting room is nothing.  Oh, and he's quite comical too!  :)  The staff is very sweet.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	Dr Barney is an amazing OBGYN.  He is caring, professional, and very knowledgeable. He has seen me through 4 complicated pregnancies, during which Dr. Barney performed three successful cervical cerlage surgeries, and discovered that I had a tumor in my thyroid that was Papillary Cancer. Because of his thorough care and examination during my prenatal visits, I was lucky to have the cancer found, in what other OBs dont typically examine.     He always listened to my concerns and always made me feel comfortable. During all my deliveries, Dr Barney was extremely professional, and I always had a very positive experience. He made efforts to be to each delivery, which was important to me. I have always healed very well, and I know it is because of his skills    Even though you might wait a while to see him, he is worth the wait. He is a little reserved when you first meet him, but very kind, personal, and professional.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	Dr Barney has cared for me and my family members for several years. He always takes the time to be sure I understand and answer any of my questions. There have been occasions where I have waited longer than I would have liked, but I figure you should be worried about a doctor that doesn't have any patients or any babies to deliver. He cared for me during 4 very difficult pregnancies (due to preterm labor and toxemia). I really believe he saved my life and the life of my baby.  Thank you Dr. Barney!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	-1	Here is Dr. Barney in a nutshell: dishonest, and has no regard for your long term well being. I would never ever recommend him to anyone. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	I really like Dr Barney. I agree that he sometimes does seem a bit tired but I ALWAYS feel like he has mine and my baby's best interest in mind. He is patient with any questions you have and is really laid back and makes you feel comfortable with him. I would refer him to anyone! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	-1	Worse Doctor I have ever been to. Not to mention he seemed either very tired or **** once he came in.  His bedside manner is terrible and I would not trust him nor recommend him to anyone! 	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
68	1	After having a terrible birthing experience with my 2nd child, I changed to Dr. Barney. He made the birth of my 3rd child a wonderful experience. He noticed potential problems and kept me from having a C-section. Although the wait times can be long, Dr. Barney is always willing to thoroughly answer every question I have. I find if I take one of the first appointments of the day I don't wait long at all. I definitely recommend Dr.  Barney! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	I had two of my children with Dr. Barney.  He is a very knowledgable doctor and has a great nurse.  Unfortunately, I always had long waits for appts. and I felt he was condescending.  After giving him a second chance with my second child and still feeling the same, I changed Dr.'s.  I love my new Dr. who is personable, knowledgeable and always prompt with appts.  So if you are only worried about medical knowledge and don't care about any of the other factors, Dr. Barney would be a good option for you.  If you do care about the other factors, you may want to keep looking. 	5	1	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Dr. Barney has delivered my last two babies and I can say with confidence that I feel well taken care of by him and his office staff.  He always put my best interests at heart, even when I requested things that weren't the status quo.  He is very competent and knowledgeable.  I know the wait was occasionally long, but that's just a part of an OB/GYN office.  He has to leave to deliver babies occasionally and I understand that.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	Save yourself a lot of time and go to a doctor that will actuall show up to your appointment within 20 minutes of your arrival instead of 2 hours!  I had 2 babies with this doctor, and I can't believe the time I wasted waiting for him at each appt.  He never apologized either.  It was ridiculous.  Not to mention he didn't deliver either of my kids.  I finally got a clue and switched on my last baby, and couldn't be happier.  Go to Christian Froerer at Cottonwood OBGYN!  You won't be sorry! 	3	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	I just had a baby with Dr. Barney and he did such an amazing job!  He takes time during your appointments and his nurse, Sandy, is the best nurse I have ever met.  He did such a great job during my actual labor and delivery too and it was partially due to his great experience and advice that I didn't tear at all. I will be having all my kids with Dr.  Barney! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	I love Dr. Barney, he's an excellent OB and I love his staff. I've delivered my twins with him & will be having this baby with him too, he also delivered my little brother! So we know him quiet well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
68	1	He is an excellent doctor and I felt that he was trustworthy. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	He's very helpful but very busy. I love his nurses Deanna and Sandi. They really are sweet.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	0	Horrible office, you see a different doctor every time, they keep incomplete records, and have to re explain everything each time.  Dont ask Dr. Bean questions, he will only laugh at you for being stupid.  	3	3	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	Dr. Bean is so nice and very helpful he made me feel very relaxed and when I went in to labor I had some complications. He walked me through them and then when the time came to have our son he actually remembered me. Love working with him 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Dr. Bean is the absolute best!  This is a VERY busy practice and Dr. Bean always takes the time to listen to all of your concerns.  I was pregnant with twins and he would patiently answer my laundry list of questions at each appointment.  Because of this, he does run behind on occasion, but for me, the care and attention I felt was more important than being on time each appointment.  He is always in a good mood and I appreciate his humor.  If you are looking for a doctor, Dr. Bean is an EXCELLENT choice.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
69	1	What can I say about Dr Bean!&#63; He is a dang good doctor! He delivered my baby and he was very helpful during labor and delivery. He kept telling me to just relax and breathe. I ended up having an easy delivery, because of his encouragement. He is a very smart Doctor, he really knows what he's doing. I agree with everyone else... He really does care about his patients. Every time I had an appointment with him he would always ask me if I was happy. He really does care about how your feeling and he wants you to be happy. He is the most caring Doctor I have ever known. I also think he's hilarious, he always makes me laugh. I can't ever picture him being grumpy.. He is always so happy! I could go on forever about Dr. Bean! All I have to say is that he is incredible! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Dr. Bean is my favorite doctor at that office.  He made me feel like he actually cared about me and my baby, and that I wasn't just another patient.  At one point before I delivered, he asked what we were thinking we would name our son, and he remembered the name at my six week appointment!  Plus he has a great sense of humor; when my son was born and I heard him cry for the first time, I started crying really hard (I couldn't help myself, it was amazing!) and Dr. Bean said, &quot;Why are you crying&#63;  Do you want me to put him back&#63;&quot;  Overall Dr. Bean is amazing.  He cares about his patients, and doesn't judge you if you are ignorant about something (which I was about a lot of things since this was my first).  He is very knowledgeable and very helpful, and puts you at ease.  I felt that I could trust him completely with my health and that of my baby.   I hope he delivers all of my future babies! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	This doctor was very calm and soothing as well as upbeat and even cracked a few appropriate jokes.  He keeps smiling, which is a plus.  He delivered my baby easily - it was the easiest birth of my three so far.  He helped me slow down and take it easy pushing so I didn't tear at all and I only pushed for 15 minutes (it was probably about 5 minutes of actual pushing within that amount of time)!  It went so smoothly and he was very encouraging! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	I have never felt more comfortable with a doctor.  He really cares and LISTENS to his patients.  With some of the other doctors in the office I felt like they would condescend my opinions.  They had the medical degree and my gut feelings were not important.  Bean took everything I said as fact and he ended up being right on more than one occasion.  He induced me and he decided to do a C-Section that another doctor said it was not necessary.  Both decisions ended up to be very necessary and they saved the life of my son.  He has a patient for life. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Dr. Bean is wonderful! Out of the 5 doctors in that practice, he is by far my favorite! He is very considerate, down to earth, and has the best personality ever! He is always in a good mood, which always puts me in a better mood. He treats you like you are his only patient. He delivered my baby a few months ago and he was very encouraging through out my labor, which helped me have a better delivery. I always looked forward to visits with him. He takes his time to listen to what you have to say to him. I hope that he will be able to deliver more of my babies in the future. I totally recommend him!(I do like the other doctors as well, but I like Dr. Bean the best!) 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Dr. Bean is a fantastic OB/GYN. I had a complicated pregnancy involving hospital bed rest and the premature delivery of our baby at 27.5 weeks.  All of the docs in the group were very knowledgeable and helpful, but Dr. Bean has the best bedside manner by far. I ALWAYS felt like he was sincerely listening and patiently answered my questions. He never made me feel like he was in a hurry to get out. Yes, I had to wait a while to see him in the office but considering the time and care he takes with his patients, I felt it was worth it. When the time came to talk contraceptives, I waited until he was making rounds because I knew he would take the most time with me to talk through all the options.  He was also very comforting and sensitive to my emotional concerns.  Thank you, Dr. Bean and everyone at Valley OB/GYN for taking such great care of me.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
70	-1	Been to Dr. Bane three times over a couple of years. He has yet to check me for anything. Seems he mostly does &quot;interviews-only&quot; appointments. Asks questions then prescribes the medications following blood-work. He's getting old and I believe his mind is elsewhere thinking of places he'd rather be and things he'd rather be doing. Nice staff, but not very thorough.  	3	3	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	Dr. Bedell is a friendly, kind doctor who really cares about his patients' pain. He is also knowledgeable about the field. The only one huge problem he has --and maybe it's something he can't avoid, I don't know-- is that once the staff puts you in the examination room to wait for him, he takes well over an hour sometimes! I have never had to wait that long for a doctor. I thought I was going to pass out from anxiety last time! 	4	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	I was one of Dr. Bedell's first patients when he came to Cache Valley (Logan area) in 1996 or 97. I didn't mind waiting a bit for him, because I knew I would get his undivided attention when my turn came. He is the most compassionate and knowledgable Dr ever, about pain control. He has many different devices in his office to try to make the pain go away, and also deals with prescriptions when I could not even get a Tylenol 3 for my severe chronic pain for 20 years. Utah Doctors are absolutely paranoid to help anyone who is not. He truly saved my life. My heart was stopping when the pain got too much, and with his care, that problem was taken care of. He was truly like a gift from God after years of torture and neglect from other doctors. He knows that people in severe pain are not drug seekers, they are pain-relief seekers!He knows that it's rare for a pain paitent to get addicted, but they can get dependent, and he's a rare Dr. that knows the difference between the two.  	 2/7/12	5	3	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
71	1	If there is anyone better than Dr. Bedell, I haven't met him/her.  His assistant, Jeanette, is a wise, warm, wonderful, caring, knowledgable woman.  I've had chronic pain now for over 12 years and have the medical records to authenticate my case.  Since the laws governing prescribing pain meds have become tighter, Dr. Bedell was my last hope.  I've been a patient there now for almost a year and wouldn't think of changing.  	3	2	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
71	1	DOES HAVE ONE &quot;NURSE&quot; I THOUGHT... BUT SHE IS NOT EVEN A CPA. AND IS A UNPLEASANT , SOMETIMES CRUEL PERSON NAMED SARAH, SO AVOID HER... AND JUST DONT LET ANYTHING SHE SAYS GET TO YOU! RAY BEDELL IS ALSO  FUNNY, AND LISTENS TO HIS PATIENTS AND TAKES THE TIME!! BELIEVE ME... HE IS MY FREIND... AND I TRUST HIM AND HE TRUSTS ME.  MORE THAN A 5 STAR RATINg!!! HE HAS BEEN MY PRIMARY CARE DOC FOR 11 YEARS..  SO I KNOW AND ALL THE OTHER PEOPLE IVE SENT TO HIM ARE SO THANKFUL!!! GOOD LUCK! ZOWIE 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
71	1	The most amazing doctor I have ever been to. He talked to me for 3 hrs about what I was going through with my chronic pain and why doctors are not willing to help me. He is very strict about providing pain medicine, but understands that for some people it is the difference between leading somewhat of a normal life or not living at all. If you have pain, there is no other doctor I would waste my time with. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	this man saved my life, i had suffered for years with extreme cronic pain, He is extremly knowledgible,sincerly compassionate, an excellent doctor.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
72	1	 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Not actually a doctor, Nurse Baggaley is one of the most recommended neurologists for migraines in the U of U area here in SLC. She is the 2nd neurologist I've seen for my headaches and I'm much happier with her than I was with the last one. She listens and makes me feel like we're partners in the fight against pain.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	Dr. Belnap is a gifted surgeon.  I had zero complications from my surgery and I attribute this to his attention to detail and surgical skill.  You won't find a better surgeon.  Having said that, Dr. Belnap is usually running late and it's not uncommon for him to be in the OR until 3am.  Don't let this bother you.  Trust me, in the end it's all about skill... 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	I was referred to Dr Belnap after another doctor almost killed me.  It took 10 other surgery and 14 months but Dr. Belnap saved my life.  He is  the very best.  God Bless Dr. Belnap.  He is truly an instrument for God's hands.  I would not be here today.  thanks 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	Dr. Belnap is an absolute genius &amp; should be respected as such. He is not afraid to take the most challenging cases &amp; prevails if at all possible. My husband had a surgery that his doctor didn't think he could survive, so he called in the BEST to help &amp; it was a piece of cake for Belnap. I still have my husband today because of him. I am grateful to him for saving his life &amp; wish him all the happiness he has given so many others. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	Dr Belnap is a great surgeon, he did a liver transplant on my husband and my husband had serious complications right after the surgery, but thank God first and then Dr Belnap he save my husbands life, he is great, very friendly, GOD BLESS DR BELNAP and thank God for him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	Best surgeon ever!  He's saved too many lives to count, yet he remembers everything about every one of them. He is the most amazing person...definitely a hero. We are so lucky to have found him.  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
74	1	I had a cholecystectomy and pancreatic debridement complicated by perforated ulcer & respiratory failure!  Dr. Belnap told my wife I had a 50/50 chance of survival after he operated on me and saved my life.  During recovery he was very positive with me and gave me the strength to fight for my life.  I'm very thankful for him and his skilled hands. I'm disabled now but very much alive. I want to thank him personally and publicly for saving my life.  I know I would not be here if not for him. So thank you Dr. Belnap! Nicholas C.  Christensen 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Lumenos
74	1	Dr. Belnap saved my life!! He is a wonderful surgeon. I had a difficult surgery, but he was very confident and did a great job.  I felt like he was very concerned about me and my situation. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	This man saved my life!! He is the best surgeon and I am truely amazed at his knowledge and experience with difficult surgeries.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	. this Man is by Far one of the best if not the best Dr/ Surgeon there is he is dedicated to the profession!he specializes in Transplant Surgery & Medicine,Truly a Gifted Dr 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
75	1	Friendly, knowledgeable, professional. I have been her patient for 12 years and would not change; good health care physicians are hard to come by. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	Margy is amazing!! She helped me deliver two of my babies unmediated and was such a great patient supportive loving help to me. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	0	Okay. I found her pushy and aggressive at times. Not soft or sensitive! Wouldn't see for next pregnancy. 	4	5	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
75	0	The staff was very rude!!! The nurse who did my measurements, when she left the room I could hear her talking about me negatively to other co-workers. Margie, the midwife was fine the first appt but on the 2nd appt she was trying to make me do a pap smear which I DID NOT WANT. She told me its &quot;federal law &amp; I had to get it done.&quot; After that I got really uncomfortable and told her AGAIN, that I did not want it. Then she tells me AFTER trying to make me do it, that I have the right to refuse anything. Where was that right when she told me I had to do it&#63;&#63; Not going back. 	1	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	Margie is not only smart and helpful, she is witty and optimistic. She always gave me time to ask my questions and never made me feel inadequate. She worked to treat me as a whole person instead of just a woman with a physical condition. She knows that pregnancy and physical changes affect emotions and relationships, and she delicately understood and addressed those issues. Her practice is clean and efficient, and I only had to wait for one appointment during my entire pregnancy. Also, our total payment for pregnancy care, delivery, and postpartum was thousands less than others. She is a great midwife and I would recommend her wholeheartedly.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
76	1	He is the most understanding, condeserate caring Dr I have ever been too. He has been there for my family even without insurance. He is a really caring Dr. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	Dr. Baird is wonderful!!!  His office staff is organized, friendly and knowledgeable.  Dr. Baird is gentle and his shots are absolutely pain free. We are not afraid to visit the dentist any longer and highly reccomend him to family members of all ages! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Great Doctor. He was put my mind at ease when I found out I was having twins. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	-1	Receptionists were very unfriendly and unhelpful on multiple occacsions. Dr. Bigler was not very helpful nor did help help me solve my medical issue. It keept reoccuring, then I went to a different doctor, and then the medical issue never came up again. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Excellent surgeon 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	great doctor would recommend to everyone i know. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	I have been taking my kids there for years. I have 3 girls, ages 13, 10 and 6. She is absolutely wonderful with them. She speaks directly to them and takes the time to listen to them as well. I don't feel like we are rushed during our appt's. My kids are really sad when they have to see another doctor if she is not available. I would hgihtly recommend her to family and friends.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	My kids (5 and 3) have been seeing Dr. Anne since they were born. She is AWESOME and we just love her.  She is so knowledgeable and yet she is not afraid to call in Dr. Watts for a second opinion. She is just the greatest and I would be crushed if she moved.   LOVE HER!!! My son is very shy but he just loves her, too! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	-1	Dr. Baranko wants nothing other than to drug your child for anything.  If they are struggling in school, then they must have ADHD.  She thinks every child has ADHD.  And she hands out controlled substances like its candy.  Who in their right mind wants to put a child on legalized meth&#63;  That's her answer for anything.  And she will prescribe it over the phone! If you want drugs, she's the person to go to.   If you want good care for your child, do NOT go to her! 	3	2	2	1 	Insurance:Humana
81	1	Dr. Bergquist was my OB for all 3 children I've had. She's fantastic! I would also love to know if she is still practicing and if so, where. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	I, too, love Dr. Bergquist--I always felt like she actually listened to me.  I'm also interested in finding out if she is currently practicing. 	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	Dr. Bergquist has been my doctor for the last 10 years. I did not love the staff at Western, but I put up with them to see Dr. Bergquist. She has recently left Western OBGYN in Murray. I don't know if she has started practicing anywhere else, but would love to find out. Does anyone know where she is working&#63; 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	I have been with Dr. Berquist for 12 years. She has seen me through the birth of all 4 children. I have had gynelogical issues also. She was very supportive. She has been fabulous. 		2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	Dr.Berger and her staff are amazing. Very professional and do an excellent job. I've been to other dermatologists as skin cancer runs in my family, but have never been as impressed with any of them as I have with Dr.Berger. I would highly recommend seeing her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	Great doctor with a sunny disposition; lets you know exactly what she's doing and why. Her diagnosis was spot on; she completely cured me of an ailment, in three weeks, that I had for over a year. Another Dermatology doctor had treated me twice for the same ailment, with a completely different diagnosis, and finally said that I would probably be stuck with the condition for the rest of my life.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
83	-1	Went for Botox. Waited forever. He is fake, rude, condescending. Botox shots resulted in purple bruises all over my face.  Makeup won't cover. They were there for weeks.  Complete humiliation.  He didn't care.  Went to Dermatologist for same treatment with fabulous results.  Asked Bikhazi for other treatment, he said &quot;no&quot; with no explanation.  Dermatologist did the other treatment with fantastic result.  Don't go to Bikhazi. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	Josh was very kind and never rushed you.  He was very interested in our well being.  We were sad when he left our area.  	3	5	4	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
84	1	Always on time and efficent. Very knowledgeable with most things. Easy to get appointment when needed.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
84	-1	.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
85	1	Him and his wife are both very knowledgeable in their field of work.  He worked very well with my son who has chronic asthma and his wife was my daughter's doctor.  I would very highly recommend either doctor.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthFirst
86	-1	She assumed I had high cholesterol in a summary write up email, even though I specifically said I didn't have high cholesterol.  She refused to refill an important thyroid &amp; blood pressure medication three mos after my physical even though she told me that she would refill them when needed.  She insisted I be seen again, and coming in every time I need a refill for that is ridiculous.  I told her staff I'm taking my business elsewhere. 	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	Found her to be very professional and a good listener.  Very thorough in her examination.  I have never seen a general practitioner that is so good at her craft - also seems to care about the overall well-being of her patients.  Bravo! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	Great Doctor. Helped me with my blood pressure. was prompt and professional. Very easy on the eyes also.  	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
87	1	Takes time to seek out the root cause.  Explains why she has selected particular treatments.  Recommend her to anyone...  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
87	1	DR.Belfry has always taken the time and care to make sure that myself and my family's health concerns and needs are handled with care and in a very professional manner. 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	i went in for a physical and she had plenty of time to talk with me and did not seem to mind at all that i had various things i wanted to discuss. was not ashamed to send me to a specialist for something that she felt was a deeper issue than a family doc should deal with, got me a sleep study, made sure to get a good family history so she knew what risks i ran. my wife and i have gone to her for years and will continue to do so because she really seems to care about us and when i see her outside of the office she actually remembers me 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	She is very cold. She doesn't understand working, middle-class people.  She told my son that if he had to quit his job in order to rest and get well, that is what he would have to do.  Maybe she will get sick and someone will tell her to quit her job.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	-1	She has you on a time clock and will only discuss one medical issue/concern per appointment. As a family practice doctor I would think she would be open to treating the entire person not one thing at a time with repeat appointments required. She wouldn't follow up with a phone question about a topic at a recent doctors visit but asks for another face to face appointment. 	4	4	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Dr. Beckstead is by far THE best doctor I have ever seen.  He helped me through a very difficult time.  I was so sad when I left Utah - If I were able, I'd still make trips back so that I could be under his care.  This is one person who went into the medical field for the right reasons.  If he doesn't know the answer, he'll tell you he doesn't and he will look until he finds it.  He literally saved my life.  He cares about his patients and is willing to see you immediately if you're having a problem.  I'd recommend Dr. Beckstead to any nice person, because I believe that a kind doctor deserves kind patients. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	I went to Dr. Beckstead when he was still in Provo as a resident doctor at Utah Valley Family Practice.  He was my doctor with two of my pregnancies.  He was so good through my whole pregnancy and especially during labor and delivery that I named my son after him.  His name is Kael Scott.  I was so sad when he left to move up to Bountiful.  It I didn't live in Payson I would continue going to him forever.  He is the best doctor.  He really cares unlike some others I have been to that just treat you like a number instead of a person.  If you live in the Bountiful area and need a good doctor he would be the one. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	Hi is an amazing Dr. He showed concern for my pain and was quick to ease my pain. Very knowledgeable, friendly, humorous, his staff is the best there is. Would recommend this office to all my friends and family. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	Diagnosed and treated my problem.  Am now doing great.  Back to full activity.  He is very nice, approachable, takes his time and knows his stuff.  Very pleased!  Highly recommend.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	From the first visit, his first concern was to find the true cause of the leg pain in my daughter (which is exactly what we wanted).  She is slowly getting her leg back to where she can participate in her sport; however, Dr. Betteridge has been nothing but knowledgable, professional and very personable in her care.  He called our home with her blood test results twice, that sure says a lot about him! I would highly recommend him to anyone needing sports medicine care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	Very knowledgable and helpful.  My shoulder is better and I am back to work.  Would recommend highly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
90	1	This dentist is great! I have been seeing Dr Baird for 9 years. I have had 2 crowns and 2 root canals done by Dr Baird. Both have turned out fine with no problems at all. He is always been conservative with his treatment and continues to update his dental practice with the newest technology. I had a problem with one procedure, his staff got me in immediately and Dr Baird took care of it at no charge. Great dentist!! I refer all my friends here and they all love him and have never had a problem! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	-1	I have seen Dr. Baird for 9 years, he has done 4 crowns on my molars(at $800.00 + a piece). On two of them he drilled so poorly that he cracked the roots. AFTER I suffered with excruciating pain and the new crowns were on, he told me the teeth were too infected to save and the only thing that can be done is to pull them. So $1600.00 down the drain. Only recently have I found out they could have been SAVED BY SENDING ME TO AN ENDONTIST! The next 2 molar crowns he made these new cerec crowns. He never asked me what material I wanted and I was shocked to find that they had been done. Both have fallen apart one of them twice in only three years! I went to another dentist who repaired the root canal and ordered a crown from a lab. The work done by Baird on this root canal was so bad a rod had disintegrated and had to be redone. After only 3 years! Aside from this several fillings he filled have cracked or fallen out. STUPID must be branded on my forehead. Save your $ see someone else. 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
90	-1	This 'dentist' is the worst.  If he hadn't such a nice staff, I would have given him all zeros! Save your smile for a different dentist.  UGH!!! 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Excellent surgeon. Very knowledgable. Results in knee replacement are outstanding. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Very knowledgeable, extremely helpful and made two hip replacements for my wife with excellent reslts. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	Had to wait in the waiting room for quite a while on my first visit.  But that must have been a bad day because on my subsequent visits, I was seen right away.  Dr Baranko is fixing my shoulder in about a week.  But already I'm super impressed.  One thing I really liked is that he didn't try pressure me into surgery.  He took the time to give me as much information as he could so I could make an informed decision.  He(and his staff) were very friendly.  He was very knowledgeable and great at explaining things to me so I could understand.  I would highly recommend him to anyone in need of an orthopedic surgeon.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	Dr. Baranko was very thorough. Excellent at answering questions but also at explaining any procedure he performed in examination and through surgery. He has a great bedside manner and was very concerned for my comfort and care.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	Wow, I cant even believe we are talking about the same Dr. My mom was in a horrible motorcycle accident, broke her hip in 3 places and her femur in 4 places, although surgery was longer then anticipated it was only because of how bad the actual injury ended up being once he opened her up and could see it first hand. Dr. Baranko was more then amazing throughout every step of my mothers care. She is from Texas and was only visiting when the accident occured and even still he is very concerned and helpful. She came back to Utah over the Christmas holiday and made an appointment just as a follow up, he was very thorogh and very professional. Our overall experience with him has been nothing short of amazing. He has cared for not only my mom but also my aunt and myself.. due to all of our experiences with him we would not want to go to anyone else and I would definatly reccomend him.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
92	1	Dr Baranko did my son's femur surgery and as far as I can tell he did a great job. He was professional and courteous. Not overly warm or friendly, more like all business. But the surgery went great, he was good about keeping us up to date, and did a great job explaining what was going to happen and what to expect in the future. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	The friendly staff could not tempt me to remain in the examination room beyond 2 hours after my scheduled appointment.  A medical assistant checked on me once with an apology for the long wait.  I appreciated the apology; however an excuse or reason with an accurate estimate of remaining wait time would have been better.  I left before the physician assistant could examine me - happy only that my medical need wasn't urgent and that there were other clinics available to choose from.  	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
92	-1	Doesn't care about patient pain. Acts as if people are cattle. Has to be pushed by patient to get good answers and tests.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	-1	 	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	About a month ago my father was hospitalized. He was diagnosed with renal disease. Dr barklow saved he's life. 	5	3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	18 months ago my husband was in the hospital for 19 days due to sepsis and then kidney failure. Dr. Barklow was very helpful and informative. He took time to explain everything. My husband has been visiting him regularly since then and his care has remained consistently excellent. I highly recommend Dr. Barklow to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
93	1	Excellant care and extremely nice. Takes time to answer questions, never feel rushed. When in hospital always took time with me and helped me through my procedures with repect and caring. Would also recommend other doctors in the office.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	I've went through a dozen pediatricians looking for a good one and never felt like a single one actually cared about our kids until we visited Dr. Bartholomew.  He is the BEST.  So nice, he cares about you and your kids, knows what he is doing and is great at treating the symptoms as well as caring for the patient. We won't be switching pediatricians as long as he is in practice.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
95	1	Dr. Barton is amazing.  He is a kind and genuine person who has helped us deal with 3 miscarriages.  He knows me and speaks to me like a friend.  He is more caring than I could have asked for.  I recommend him to all of my friends. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	I Absolutely LOVE Dr.Barton. He not only has a good relationship with me as a patient but also with my husband. I feel as though he saved my daughter life. When she was born the umbilical  cord was tightly wrapped around her neck 7 times. With his quick thinking and calm attitude he saved her and never made me or my husband worry. I also had a major ovarian cyst that he was very quick to help me take care of. He always seems to be very conservative and I like that a lot. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	-1	He told me I had Endo and PCOS. He then didn't explain them to me and told me to look up my problems online. He is only a good doctor when it is work with no complications. Other then that he couldn't care less and can't even explain anything. I wonder how he would feel if a doctor told him he had a horrible condition and then told him to go look it up online. In my opinion he shouldn't be practicing if he doesn't care to tell someone what is happening to them. 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
95	-1	I have been going to Dr. Barton for over 2 years.  We have been trying to get pregnant for the longest time and Dr. Barton could care less.  He always gives contradicting advice every time I go.  The last time I went to see him was a follow up visit for a procedure I had.  He had know idea how to read the results from the procedure and even asked me if I have had kids before!  What a joke.  Every time I go I tell him how hard I've tried to get pregnant for the first time.  I then told him I was 30 and he told me that I am young and should be patient,  I am not going back. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
95	-1	I hate him the wait was always long, His staff was rude to me, my health problems were misdiagnosed I suffered in pain for a year and a half I would tell him or his staff something was wrong and they always said it was something else he wouldn't do anything to help me.  I changed doctors and got the help I needed.  I won't go back. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
95	-1	I had a very horrible labor experience with this doctor. He was six hours late for my c-section, I was in labor for 24 hrs. The staff did not give me the appropriate antibiotics and my baby was infected with strep-b. She was in the hospital for a month and needed three surgeries. I feel Dr. Barton is resposible for my daughters illness. He has too many patients to take care of and does not take the time to make certain everything is how it should be.  	 12/28/09	5	3	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	I LOVE this doctor. Followed exactly what I wanted in labor and delivery. Very personal knows who you are remembers almost everything about you. Brings up pleasant conversation.  Short wait, always there when you need him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
95	1	Dr. Barton Was amazing. He took the time to include my husband in every part of my pregnancy. I am so lucky to have found such an amazing doctor through the referal of my sister-in-law 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	My husband and I both used Dr. Bangerter for surgery and he was great! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	. Fantastic Doctor!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
98	1	yes i too have waited for a long time to see dr.beard! beleave me when i say the wait was worth it.  dr beard is so caring and the most considerate dr. you may have to wait. he's the best most knowledgeable dr in town and every one knows it and knows that they may wait, but when it's your turn you will be his most important patient your problems are what is on his mind! thanks dear doctor 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	-1	If you want to sit and wait for HOURS past your appointment time, then Dr. Beard is the one for you.  He is also a &quot;man's&quot; doctor in that he relates well to men, not so to women.  I always try to go to one of the other docs in his clinic if I can. However, they've made some huge boo-boo's with our son.  Can't recommend any of them.  	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
98	-1	Doesn't let you talk ,Isn't very Knowledgeable,Very rude I fear for people's Health with This DR. And Hope they do Check out the DR. First .Little Man Big Attitude.Has been turn in A number of times I hear.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Molina
98	1	My family has been a patient of Dr. Beard for the last 18 years. As time has gone by the waits have increased but then he is the busiest Dr. in Brigham City by far. He is the best Dr. I have ever been to and my wife refuses to see anyone else at all. His treatment has always been professional and superior to any that I have recieved prior to visiting with him. He is very thorough and goes out of his way to help you to understand your options in treating your problem. He is pretty outgoing, and extremely friendly, which makes him a very likable person. If you don't like a Dr. with a personality then he is not for you. I would highly recommend him to anyone who is looking for a good Doctor.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
98	-1	It is true that this man is a bad Dr.  But if you need someone with compassion and who is great see the nurse practitioner under him named Tawna Thorton.  She is amazing!!! 	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
98	-1	I wouldn't even waste my time with Dr. Beard. Not willing to spend any time answering questions and will literally laugh at you for some questions. He humiliated my daughter when she told him what her problem was. I will never go to him again and would never recommend him to anyone.  	3	2	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	-1	Had a very brief encounter with this doctor at AF Hospital.  Was visiting family over the 4th and my son received a mosquito bite. The next day his face swelled up huge and he started to act as though he couldn't breath. Rushed him to the E.R. This doctor told me that the mosquito bite hadn't caused anything, that his airway may have been obstructed with something he ate. When I asked him about the swelling and what caused it he literally said, &quot;I didn't observe any swelling.&quot; This has been a joke in my family since we have pictures of my son (I was taking 4th of July pics) and his face looks deformed. Basically the doctor never once touched my son. He didn't look in his throat, and he obviously didn't really look at his face.  The next day I spoke to my son's allergist and he told me that my son exhibited the textbook signs of an allergic reaction to an insect bite. So Bentley = Fail in this situation. He may be a good doc in other areas, but he was not good with my son.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
