dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Dr. Updike is busy and runs behind on all of her appts, but the time she does spend is the best quality time any Dr. has ever spent with me.  She educates the patient, but not in a condescending way.  She is very helpful and is attentive to even the smallest problems.  She has a great reputation with everyone who I talk to.  I would agree with them.  Her staff could be better with making appts. and answering their phones, but the Dr. herself is without fault.  I give her an outstanding recommendation to anyone especially with auto immune disorders.  	2	2	5	5 	Insurance:Molina
1	1	. Never on time 	2	1	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	-1	Average wait is about 1 hour and takes months to get in. 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr. Udall is a very curtious doctor that takes time to answer questions and email. He seems very knowledgable. He is an older doctor with and I appreciate his experience. I do wish he would be a little less &quot;traditional&quot; and be willing to consider more wholistic medicine. But overall I would recommend him to others.  		4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	Great doctor with good bedside manner.  Staff was very nice and helpful.   Would highly recommend them! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	-1	My prescription was way off.  After my doctor eye exam I got my glasses at a  different clinic because as I felt the staff was only interested in selling me frames. When I got the glasses I could not even read the top line of the eye chart with the new glasses. I had them checked by another doctor and the glasses were per the prescription but the prescription was wrong.  A friend had warned me that she had the same experience and couldn't use her glasses at all. I think they have too many lay people doing the examining and the wait in between each part of the exam was very long.  The appointment lasted over 11/2 hours and  most of the time I was sitting alone in a tiny room. 	2	1	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Outstanding MD. Great concern and compassion for his patients. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Well he has been my doctor for 20 years, and my family's for over 20 years. He's amazing because he listens and gives you time to express your concerns. Whenever I was sick or had a problem even if he was booked that day he would always fit me in. Plus if something was wrong it was immediately dealt with. Such as treatment or sending me to the hospital for tests. but I was always treated with respect and dignity. Also if he isn't completely sure of what you have he will send you to someone who can help you. Usually a specialist. He's a great man and I hope he keeps up the good work and remains successful. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	Doc dismissed my concerns and wanted to solve all my problems with pills. Preachy, lack of compassion. I feel he made un-fare assumptions about my sudden weight gain and my alcohol consumption. I will be moving on for a second opinion as well as an alternative doctor.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
5	1	Dr. Udall has been my Doc for 15 years. He and his staff are so helpful. He has never made me feel rushed, and always answered my questions in a caring manner.  Wait times seem to be up slightly since the move to the new clinic, but he managed to bring most of the great staff with him.  I would highly recommend him to anyone. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Dr King Udall is 1 in a million. With a bedside manner that shows his dedication when it comes to identifying and treating your condition. And unlike many other doctors he wont make you feel rushed or hurried. He is what a doctor should be.  :) 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
6	1	quality physician, spends time with you discussing treatment options and engaged me in the treatment.  I found him to be very compassionate. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	0	This guy deserves negative stars. I made the mistake of taking a Dr's advice and seeing Mr Urie (I refuse to call him a Dr) -- This guy thinks he is God's gift to the medical world. He will not listen to you, has zero empathy and does not care about you, your condition or your well being. He is interested in putting you on Methadone, when you probably could just use an Aleeve. He wants to do his expensive procedures, when you dont even need it. This supposed doctor is the worst of a chiropracter and a car salesman. -- Something must be going wrong with this guy- He is egotistical, arrogant and belittling. He doesnt &quot;Diagnose nor give releif!&quot; He is touchy and is offended easily. He is the most un-professional person I have ever meet. A real Winner.  Save your money and tell your friends, this guy doesnt deserve to treat anybody.  The only thing medically he should do, is emit himself to a shrink. 	1	5	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	I have been to 6-7 chiropractors within couple of years seeking help for my chronic problem.  I have researched on the website and found about his practice. I am very satisfied and recommend him highly.  Very knowledgeable, caring, professional and takes his time to explain problems and show exercises to strengthen.  Definitely different from those chiropractors that wants you keep coming.  You'll be glad you did go see him.  He's also the official Utah Grizzlies chiropractor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Exceelent chiropractor. He give special attention to each patients individual needs. Has some great recommendations for physical healing.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Dr. Ulibarri Was awesome. He listened to me carefully and not only was able to help but offered practices that will keep me healthy. He was professional. I referred my Mom who was having so much pain she was staying home rather than going out to join her friends. Dr. Ulibarri  was able to help her get back on her feet. The decrease in her pain has given her more energy to do what she enjoys. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Having the bad teeth that that the British are known for I have had a lot of dentists over the years, Dr, Updyke is the best!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	I've had some minor bleeding gums issues for the last while and have seen 2 other dentists. Dr. Updyke was the only one who gave me the right stuff to treat it. Great experience, great staff. Only sold me what I absolutely needed and let me decide if I wanted anything additional. Best dentist I've ever gone to. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	I am almost 50, have good teeth.  He stops to see me even if I'm only in for a cleaning (something that was not true of other dentists I've seen).  He has done a few fillings for me but never tried to get me to accept any services that seemed unnecessary (like teeth whitening, for example).  Staff is friendly.  I am always seen punctually and I agree with the other reviewer who noted that he does not overbook his time.  I trust that his knowledge is good to excellent but I'm not sure how a patient could accurately evaluate that.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	0	Dr. Updyke did work on my whole family.  Every single one of us had problems and had to go elsewhere to get the problem fixed.  He charged me $775 dollars for an &quot;onlay&quot; on one tooth and then I had to go get a root canal and a crown. (paid for by myself because insurance would not cover the same tooth again)  I would not recommend him. 	 10/21/08	2	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Great dentist! He is always keeping up on his knowledge and how he can better serve his patients. I would recommend him to anyone. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Scott Updyke is a wonderful dentist and person. He's compassionate and kind. I have a had a long time phobea of dentists and Dr. Updyke and his staff went out of their way to make me more comfortable. Dr. Updyke also helps his patients make informed decisions regarding their treatment and care. He and his staff are a wonderful team and my family will remain patients of his for years to come! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	started out small but with all the crowns he sold people he now has a big staff and of course wears gold chains...bought and paid for by all the crown sales.  phoeey 		2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	I'm a doctor and have taken a critical eye toward finding the best dentist. His technical competence is extremely high, his judgment is excellent, and he will not sell you treatments you do not need, which is a problem with most dentists, who want to generate income. He medical knowledge is very current, and he uses the best technologies in-house very competently. He does not overbook his time, so you get his complete attention. His staff is tops. You will not find a better dentist in Utah. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Dr. Updyke is a fantastic dentist. His office is clean and organized. The wait is usually very short. He is very good about emergency (right now) appointments. He seems to have a very high turnover among his staff and a billing clerk that makes me want to snatch myself bald. She's very frustrating to work with. 		4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	I had been diagnosed with FM, in extreme pain daily but I kept working because I have a strong work ethic. I've never been arrested or been addicted to any drug at all;however, this doctor made me feel like a criminal. He interrogated me as if I had been accused of a crime. I was extremely insulted by his methodology and &quot;bed side manner&quot;. If you are a regular person who only wants answers, don't go here because you'll pay for an unnecessary drug test by a narcisstic doctor that only cares about his ego and pocket-book. 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
9	0	Very rude office staff, worth avoiding just to avoid his staff. They also do not send notices of missing payments until  a full 7 months after the fact so I had no idea everything had not been settled when I suddenly got a threat to be taken to collections for being overdue. Extremely rude office staff when I called to resolve the matter.  	1	3	3	3 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
10	1	He did an an excellent job on a full face lift.  I would totally recommend Dr Urban in every way. I am 63 years old and I look like I am 50 years old. My neck and skin are smooth and without wrinkles. The wrinkles around my eyes are also gone.  My older daughters don't know I had anything done.  They say I look so good but they can't tell I had the face lift.  One daughter asked if I was using a new face cream. I want to say thank-you, thank-you, thank-you Dr Urban . 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
