dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Dito to all that has been said.  He takes the time he needs to really understand you  treats you like you are in his own personal practice, not just another student patient. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Amazing doctor. I have never been very impressed with doctors at the health center, but Dr. Willmore is an exception. I was very apprehensive about my first gynecology visit, but he put me at easy and was very kind. He answered all my questions, regarding several different topics including getting pregnant, some issues i'd been having with my stomach, and did a full physical. He was very kind and made the appointment as un-awkward as he possibly could. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	He is the best in the BYU students Health Center. He will always answer all the questions and he is very nice 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Because of this guy, no other doctor seems good enough. I cannot describe it how great Dr. Willmore is. He listented, cared, never left anything to guessing, always went the extra mile to make sure every doubt was removed. He is also very very kind and polite. He remembers his patients by name and their life stories. He asks about your family about your school, work. What an angel. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	My husband and I LOVE Dr. Willmore.  Best Doctor I've ever had.  He is thorough in answering questions and makes you feel like the most important person.  He treated our infertility, and was very optimistic. I wish he could be my doctor through the pregnancy. 	 12/28/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Dr. Willmore is wonderful. He takes the time to listen, and isn't afraid to say that he doesn't know the answer. Not only that, but for the questions he can't answer, he either looks up the necessary information or makes a direct referral to someone else who might know. He was very knowledgeable, and I appreciated his kindness and his sincerity. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	My wife and I had a miscarriage and Dr Willmore went above and beyond to help us. He is kind and very wiling to stay as long as you need. I highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Dr. Keith Willmore is one of the kindest, compassionate and knowledgeable doctors ever. His patients love him because they know he loves them. He is especially good with children. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Dr. Willmore is a wonderful doctor. He has EXCELLENT bedside manner. He makes you feel very comfortable because he is very kind person. He always seems genuinely interested in helping you and is willing to spend as much time with you as necessary. He will answer as many questions as you'd like and never makes you feel like you need to hurry up. What really impressed me was that I had gone in for a routine check up for my IUD. While there he decided to do a physical with me just to make sure everything else was working. I was so impressed b/c he went above and beyond to check these extra things that I didn't even ask him to. It saved me an extra doctor's visit. I would highly recommend Dr. Willmore! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	My family has gone to Dr. Wade for 16 years.He's a great Doctor. Sandra is great also. He is very personable and really cares about giving the right treatment. He is great to help with cost by giving samples. 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Dr. Wade is not the best but Sandra Waite is!  I go to her all the time!  I think I will switch though because if I did have a health issue I wouldn't really trust doctor Wade to be my primary physician.  He does do free back adjustments though :) 	3	4	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Dr. Wade is pretty good, his staff are not up to Dr. Wades skill level. Not recommended due to staff.  	1	3	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	My wife my kid and I have been going to him for over the last 10 years!  He is always accomidating in so many different areas and in the areas he lacks expertise he will be quick to refer you to a specialist who can! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	I have been seeing Dr. Wade and Sandra Waite, RN, for several years.  I find the staff in the office to be great.  Stacy, his receptionist, trys to accomodate you.  His phlembotimist (sp&#63;) is TOP NOTCH!  I have referred my husband and my friends to his office and they are all happy as well. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	I would not recommend him. 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	I came in for a cleaning before our insurance was to expire. She pushed unnecessary treatment, including changing all fillings and grinding down molars to install $8000+ in caps. She was very insistent that the work had to be done soon because I was &quot;going to have problems&quot; and it needed to be done &quot;before the insurance runs out&quot;. New dentist has said that advice was not only unnecessary but detrimental to health of the teeth.  	4	3	2	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
4	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Dr. Williams is the best primary care physician I have ever been to.  He listens, is very knowledgeable and compassionate.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
5	1	One of the best internal medicine doctors out there.  Really listens to the issues and make sure I understood my options.  Every doctor should be like Dr. Williams. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	The only problem I encountered with this office is the front lady. She was fake and when she thought I wasn't looking she rolled get eyes at me.  Her overall attitude just want pleasant! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
6	1	. He's very friedly and has a good &quot;bed-side manner&quot; 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
7	1	Wonderful Dr. Shows genuine concern for her patients.  Would not go to anyone else! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	She is a very good doctor. She prescribes medicines to easily. And depends on you to decide if you need them any longer. She is going into a new program for 1500.00 a year plus you deductible and Insurance.  I don't think its worth it. 	4	2	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	she is the most caring doctor i have ever seen. and she is very knollagable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
7	1	She was my mother's DR. She always called and talked with me through her time in hospice. She wrote the most touching sympathy note, when my Mom passed. I know now why my Mom loved being in her care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:AARP
7	1	Great knowledge and very caring.   Wouldn't trust anyone else with our healthcare 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	My first appointment (after waiting months) went well.  My follow up was a nightmare - two times I went for my appointment and waited way over an hour the first time and then next time went first appointment of the morning - I actually saw her take a drug rep in to her office before me - I waited another hour and left. Great doctor, but impossible to see her on an efficient basis.  	3	1	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
7	1	I really like her, but it takes forever to get in to see her, and the office staff is not very friendly. She is a very good doctor if your lucky enough to get in to see her, follow up appointments take months to get in to see her, and that's even if you an established patient. 		1	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Very positive experiences. I would recommend her to everyone. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Dr. Weibell is the best OB I have ever seen. I don't think any other doctor can be as good. He is so personable and wants to know his patients. I always felt comfortable with him and felt that I could ask him anything. When I was in labor, I was the only one of his patients at the hospital. He came in to check on me every 2 hours and made sure he was there if I needed anything. I ended up needing a c-section, but he let me try to deliver vaginally for as long as I wanted, until it was dangerous for my son. He was very joking and made the mood light during the c-section. He made me feel like I had control of what went on during labor, and it made things not so scary for me. I liked that he wasn't such a serious, stone cold doctor. I am really sad that he isn't at his practice anymore. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	I loved Dr. W, he is so personal and friendly and I feel I could talk to him about anything about my pregnancy. He is very comfortable to be around and so helpful and understanding! I would refer everyone I knew pregnant or not pregnant to him! Great great doctor! Five stars! Sad to hear he is no longer there. 	3	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	I have been going to this practice for all four of my pregnancies and am always impressed with how well they treat their patients. I agree with the previous post about the lack of punctuality, but the superior staff make up for it. I really get along well with Dr. Weibell's style and personality. He's accessible and I feel I can relate to him. He's friendly but also professional. He delivered my third child and I was very happy with the way everything turned out. I was quite sad to find out today that he is no longer with the practice, especially as I've been visiting him this entire fourth pregnancy. 	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	I recently moved to North Salt Lake and am considering driving all the way to Provo because Dr Weibell was so great.  I saw the Nurse-midwife in his clinic at first, and even tried dr judd, but switched to weibell near the end. He is so kind and caring.  He never blows off any of my concerns or pain and always tries to help me understand what I'm going through.  I am so sad that he is far away now.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
8	1	Dr weibell has moved to provo, ut and i saw him for most of my pregnancy. He is an AMAZING doctor. I felt ver comfortable with him and felt like he genuinely cared about all my questions and concerns. He was super amazing with the delivery. I had some complications and I felt safe and comfortable. Everything went so well! The staff is friendly and kind. I wouldnt say its the most punctual office i have been to but the service and care I received definitely was worth the wait! I am definitely going back for my next baby! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	he was so nice!  He fit me in even though i called in late.  My boy was hurting so bad and after he was fine.  Great doctor that cares about his patients 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	Dr. Wilcox and is staff are all very unprofessional and rude. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Love, Love, Love Doctor Wilcox. He is very friendly, very informative and more than willing to take the time and explain anything you have a question about! I don't really love the nurses that work in the office, but Doctor Wilcox more than makes up for the nurses just being so-so.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	We love Dr. Wilcox, he has been our pediatrician for our family ever since our first was born over 5 years ago.  He always answers any questions you have very nicely, no matter how stupid you think the question is.  You never have a long wait at his office, and his nurse Sam is awesome and very helpful as well.  I have never once left there feeling like my time with him was rushed or that he was too busy to take care of any and all the needs you have, and always has a good answer to any question I have ever asked him.  He is also very patient with children and makes them feel special when they come to see him and talks directly to them. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	I LOVE Dr. Wilcox. We started seeing him almost eight years ago when my 1st son was 3 mos. old. I now have 4 kids and he has been absolutely wonderful. He is always patient welcoming. My kids love him and love going to the doctor just to see him. We have had some crzy medical issues with a couple of our kids, and he has always been great. He is very knowledgable and really explains things so you can understand what's going on. He always has time to answer questions. I know his office is very busy, but they have great scheduling. I've never had to wait more than 15  mins. to get in and it's usually not even that long. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Favorite Dr. EVER!  Friendly, nice, caring, great with kids, patient...  everything you want in a dr.  He's popular so sometimes it's a little harder to get in on short notice but we've only had that problem one or two times.   LOVE HIM!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
10	1	Dr. Wilcox has been my pediatrician for almost 2 years, and I think he's wonderful!  He interacts well with my kids.  He answers my questions simply but without making me feel stupid.  He never seems rushed even though he is very busy.  I think he's great! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	I love Dr. Wilcox! I was recommended to him from a friend while I was pregnant. I wrote him down as my ped. in the hospital, even though I hadn't met him. When he came in to meet me right after I had my son, he was so very nice. I had a ton of questions about the circumsision (sp) for my son and he was very informative and patient with me. Every time I go in for a well child visit he askes me lots of questions about my sons development and askes for my questions. When I do have any he answeres them without seeming rushed or impatient. He is very gental with my son when he does the physical check up, i.e. looking in his ears. I never have waited longer then 10 minutes for an appointment, even when I took my son in for a sick visit after hours. I highly recommend him for anyone who needs a great doctor for their child! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Dr. Watabe helped me in so many ways.  I was his patient for a few years.  He was always punctual, and is very smart!  I recommend him to friends and family. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Very nice and knowledgable.  She listens and is open to questions.  I felt like she really cared about my health and was I was comfortable with the interaction from my first appt.  I would reccomment her to anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	I found Dr. Willesen to be kind and thoughtful. Clearly she was interested in my treatment. The visit overall felt rushed so I wasn't sure if she truly understood my needs. I didn't feel as comfortable as I would have like. Maybe it was me. However, I felt vulnerable and a little embarrassed about discussing my health problems with her. Her suggestions seemed helpful but I had questions that were never fully answered. Overall, I think she is probably a very good doctor, just not my cup of tea.  	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:HealthPartners
12	1	I would recommend Dr. Willesen to anyone.  She is the best physician I have ever been to.  She takes the time to listen and I have had complete success with all her recommended treatments.  Everyone I have referred to her has had the same experience.   She's the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
12	1	I have had many doctors over the years and she is the first doctor that I felt was worried about my health. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Fantastic! Realistic, Concerned and caring. Very knowledgeable and helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Dr. Nita Weber is the most knowledgeable, caring physician that I have had the pleasure of working with. She is thorough, has a great bedside manner, and she will do anything to help a patient get better, including holding your hand while you are sick at the hospital. I advice anyone who has difficult to diagnose problems, or just needs a doctor who genuinely cares about the welfare of their patient to visit Dr. Weber. She is by far the best doctor I have ever seen.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	He is very nice.  He has been working very hard about learning everything he can about Long QT Syndrome.  My specialist retired and Dr. Weiss has taken on his patients.  I have been very impressed with his willingness to continue to learn and he is not afraid to admit when he isn't sure about something.  The bad thing, is that his staff is not so educated about the disease and could have severely hurt me, if I wasn't so knowledgeable about my disease and knew they were making mistakes.  I have recommended my family to go to him. 	3	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Very helpful. Worked price out with my insurance. Thanks dr.  Winkel 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Dr. Willis delivered 2 of my 3 babies and did a excellent job.  My boys just love him.  He is the nicest most caring doctor I have ever had. He has been doing this for years now and knows exactly what to do without pulling out a book like other doctors I have had.  He calls his patients personally and listens to you until your done talking even though he is very busy.  If you want a doctor who actually cares about you and your well being than Dr. Willis is the Doctor for you.  My family and I will be going to him until he retires.  	4	5	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	-1	Very lazy! He just prescribes a medicine and hopes it goes away. He declined to help a friend who was critically ill who could not get out of her car. He was careless and almost let my brother get very sick due to severe jaundas that he somehow missed. He said he &quot;was strong&quot;, but my brother needed the Billy lights. Careless, uncordial, rude, unknowledgable. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	I've been going to him since about 7th grade. He has delivered two out of my three babies. And the one he did not was because i lived to far away from him like 5 hrs. He listens to you and what you want and what you think might be wrong with your body. He is very good about getting back to you on tests and other things he calls you personally. He is one of a kind and even though i live at least a half hr away now i still go into him. Dr Willis is one of a kind and will be hard to replace once he retires. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Compassionate, professional, yet warm and personal, they don't make them like Dr. Willis anymore. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	She was super friendly and helped my daughter relax quickly. Loved her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	. finest neurosurgeon around, great bedside manner as well 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	Dr. Welling saved our son Kyle after a severe head trauma.  We owe our sons life to him and his willingness to go beyond the norm.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
20	1	In great pain when I showed up to his office on a Monday morning, within 72 I had had surgery and was, for the most part, out of pain. While curt, Dr. Welling was prompt, compassionate, knowledgeable, and instructive. It has been over a year since that fateful week, and not a day goes by that I'm not grateful for all that Dr. Welling did for me. (And while I have a scar on my neck as a memento, he did such a superb surgical job, that not one person has noticed the scar. When I have mentioned the surgery, I actually have to point out the scar. Truly amazing!) 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	0	When filling my cavities, they where filled to low and still after a year one of my molars still hurts if I bite hard on a seed or something small.  I went back at least 3 times to have him adjust my &quot;bite&quot;.  That alone told me that he didn't do it right the first time.  I had my crown replaced cause it sucked.  Good thing was he didn't charge me for it.  Overall, I don't trust dentists but  I for sure stopped going to this one.  	3	2	3	3 	Insurance:Aetna
21	-1	Dr. Willden is a very quick dentist, too quick.  He doesn't take the time to do an in mouth exam, just looks at the xrays.  The two times he has done fillings for my family, one had to be replaced and the other one ended up having to have a root canal and crown because he exposed the pulp of the tooth by digging too deep. (I had another dentist fix this problem)  I have not been impressed by Dr. Willden and do not trust his judgement nor his dental skills.  I will not go back to him again. 	3	5	3	1 	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	After 18 months my 2 front crowns that he said needed to be replaced now have a gap and is caused by wrong bite as the lower teeth hit against the back of the 2 front teeth. Others he replaced in front have black showing through caused from bacteria as the teeth were not seated correctly or the crown was not sterile when seated. When I requested for the work to be done over I was told I would have to pay for lab charges. I filed a complaint with insurance and then was told he would not see me anymore. Beware also of their book work. Keep track of all charges and payments. They do not have the knowledge nor ability to apply payments to each tooth worked on. They just keep a running total of charges and payments. Nothing matches and they cannot reconcile your account. This information is honest and I am not being malicious, just trying to save someone else from the grief and cost I am going through getting my teeth fixed and back to normal.  	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
21	1	watch your statements they like to do hidden charges.  	1	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	Dr. Ward it the best OB I've ever had!  He is very reassuring and he seems more “laid back”—which I really like.  He will answer any of your questions, and he if very calm and comfortable.  I love how fast and efficient he is.  He is very willing to work with you on different kinds of deliveries and is open to your opinions.  However, he will always put mom and baby’s health first—which is great!  We didn’t know that my baby had health problems before she was born, but when the delivery started to get hard, he was only concerned about getting her here safely.  I LOVE Dr.  Ward!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
22	1	I think Dr. Ward is a very knowledgable and caring doctor. He is excellent and professional in his care and always takes time to answer as many questions as you can come up with, regardless of the question. He is quick to reassure the mother of the health of the baby and understands that a mother's concerns are most important. He will order extra tests to figure out what is going on or for mere reassurance. He is quick and efficient should a complication arise. Dr. Ward is also excellent and fast with IUDs so it isn't too painful. He is a very skilled physician and I would recommend him to anyone. He also has a great ability to remember his patients and what is going on in their lives.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	Dr. Ward has helped me through 5 pregnancies! He has delivered 2 of my babies and I miscarried the other two and I am pregnant again! With the miscarriages he performed the d&c; and was so kind and understanding. My husband and I moved 40 miles away and I still insist on seeing him because he is that great of a doctor. He never makes you feel stupid when you ask questions and he is very knowledgable of your history with him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
22	1	a great guy, good sense of humor, and gets right to the problem to get it resolved as quickly as possible.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
22	1	I had to go to Dr. ward because it was the only doctor in the area that my insurance covered, so i was terrified at first to go to a male OB, but i LOVE doctor ward.  He's got a great balance between professionalism and being personable, and I never feel judged or guilty for asking too many questions or for having any concerns.  I'm having some complications right now with preclampsia and he's staying right on top of it, which i appreciate.  I also fell and hit my head in my 2nd trimester and he didn't just brush it off, he took it seriously and took all the precautionary measures and tests that i wanted in order to not be worried anymore.  I haven't had him deliver a baby of mine yet, but I'm pretty confidant that I'll have a positive experience with him.  Any problems I have aren't with him but his staff-Their receptionist gave me some wrong information about the childbirth classes so I'm barely getting the classes in by the time my baby's born. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	We where having problems having a child and he put us on clomed.  When I started having bad side effects I called him to ask him what I should do&#63;  He got very defensive and said &quot;I am just trying to help you get pregnant.&quot; Then I asked what should I do keep taking it or stop&#63;  He said it you want to get pregnant you have to keep taking it!   Next. I had 1 miscarriage and he was nice and sympathetic I came in the next month and he asked have you been able to get pregnant yet&#63; He must not have annoteted in his chart I guess.  2 months later I got pregnant again and they confirmed the pregnancy.  Again I lost the child and the following week he asked again if I had ever been able to get pregnant.  Either he doesn't know how to read or doesn't write it down. He was rude and abrupt.  By the way after the 3 miscarriage and round of questioning I changed dr's. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	This OB is the BEST! He has delievered 2 out of 3 of my children. He is very helpful and knowledgeable. He understands my needs. When ever I have a question or anything he calls back right away or comes right to the phone. The staff is amazing! They are alway very friendly and treat you like a best friend. Will go back annually and with next baby...  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
22	1	dr. ward is amazing he is a very caring man he really wants to help u, i trust him alot he c-section my second baby and even tho i have moved and havnt seen him in a yr he still helps me if i call and right now we dont have insurance and he knows my financial situation so he does not charge me when i am sick or need him! he is great! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Dr Ward is very efficient and thorough with me.  He is always happy to call me back when I have a question.  	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:Coventry
22	1	I love Dr. Ward! He delivered my second child and was very helpful and knowledgable when it came to things. I am now having my 3rd and I would not want to have anyone else, but him delivering my babies. I feel that he knows who I am and knows my special circumstances. He was much better than my first dr. I look forward each month to see him. I never wait in the waiting room for more than just a couple of mins.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
22	1	Dr. Ward is a very nice man he makes me feel very comfortable I love his staff they are very nice the only thing I do not like is it seems that ward doesnt do all he should in knowing how your pregnancy is going he seems lazy and does not do all the checkup tests when I go to see him its more like a hi good to see u visit then a informational one.  I wait a while to see him then when I do its only for like 2 minutes 	4	3	5	3 	Insurance:Molina
22	-1	Although he is quite nice; he is known to give very, very bad advice such as sitting in hot tubs for 20 minutes for back pain (big no, no in pregnancy), taking medications that you shouldn't take while pregnant, etc.  He also never thoroughly checks you when you have a problem, his response is always, &quot;you're pregnant, it's normal&quot;.  Tell that to me the next day when I'm in the hospital and they are telling me that I have this infection and that infection, and I was going into pre-term labor, etc.  I would really recommend almost ANY doctor over Dr. Ward and am in the process of switching doctors right now at 28 weeks pregnant. 	4	5	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Everytime I have seen Dr. Ward I never spend more than a couple of minutes in the waiting room. His staff is always very helpful in assisting me with any problems I may have and always make me feel welcome and comfortable in the office the staff has also been very sensitive to my needs. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Easy to find.  Right in the strip mall.  Super nice website, very helpful.  Dr did an exam to find out what was wrong and took care of my headaches.  I'm going back in for sure.  I'll be bringing my family and friends too. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Dr. Williams performed surgery on one of my daughters.  A couple of years later my other daughter needed surgery.  He was fantanstic.  She needs her other foot done and we are heading back in to see him.  Dr. Williams makes you feel like you've known him for years. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Dr. Williams is very knowledgable.  I went to him after another podiatrist made a mistake on my feet.  He fixed the problem without more surgery.  One of the most knowledgeable foot and ankle people I've every seen. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	0	Very good surgeon, but her bedside manner was terrible. In fact every time I saw her she was rude and condescending. She will never even know how her lack of communications had a effect on my outcome. 	1	4	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	In a rush. Seemed stressed and pressed. Couldn't diagnose the problem, so she told me there wasn't a problem. The problem has recurred twice since I saw her. 	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	My appointment with Winmill was one of the most thorough and thoughtful clinic visits I'd had in a long time - maybe ever. I was treated with complete respect and genuine interest in what my issues were. He wasted no time poring through the data to figure out and treat the disease as soon as possible. He has absolutely found his niche with endocriniology. I don't know why practitioners like this are so hard to find in a clinical setting, but we'd all be lucky to have doctors/NP's like David Winmill at every visit.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	I have had type 1 diabetes for 21 years. David has helped me more than he will ever know.  He helped and encouraged me to get my A1C down and had hope in me.  I have 2 healthy children and all it took was someone believing in me.  He is a great, generous, and caring man. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	David Winmill is excellent - very personable and friendly, very knowledgeable. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	I am glad I stumbled upon this site! I have been recommending Mr. Winmill at the IHC Clinic for awhile now. Now I can do it officially. He has a wonderful personality that makes you feel comfortable, especially when you are not feeling so hot. He is patient and listens to your issues before he decides what advice and treatment will work for me. If you have Diebetes, he is the best I know of. David Winmill is a great Nurse Practioner. You won't be disappointed! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Very well organized and thorough. Has my daughters' diabetes under control.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
26	-1	I just don't think he understands things.  My blood levels were high and the only response he have me was &quot;i don't know why&quot;. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	Went to him with type 2 diabetes, he tested me for cushings disease... I was so worried and didnt hear anything for a month. Then when I finally got a hold of his assistant she told me the test confirmed it and that i needed to make an appt for the next steps...  So i did then i went in there to see him and was way freaked out at the thought of having a tumor on my pituitary gland and he was like &quot;you dont have cushings&quot; and i was crying WHAT&#63; a month of my life believeing i would have to have brain surgery because they gave me the wrong results&#63; HOrrible! 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	0	Dr. Walker is very knowledgeable but she is very busy. If my appointment was at 3 I wouldn't see her till 4:30 or 5. To me it was not worth the wait, although she is a good doctor. She spends little time talking with you and seems uninterested when you ask questions. All in all, she's a good doctor and knows her stuff but she's too busy for me. She doesn't take a lot of time with her patients. 	3	2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Dr. Walker is great. She delivered both of my babies and was excellent.My first child was premature and Dr. Walker was wonderful taking care of both me and my child. My second child was born in Jan. 2008 and everything was perfect, because of my previos complications she kept a close eye on me and we had a smooth ride. And if I have ever had to wait for her the office staff has been great about letting me know what was going on and how long it might be. 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	She is very popular so I need to wait for a long time, sometimes 2 hrs or re-schedule but it's worth it. She is very friendly and make me feel so comfortable to ask question and etc.I'd defenitely recommend her if you have right insurance. Her nurses are also very nice and easy to talk to. 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	This doctor is all about delivering babies. During our delivery she made mutliple comments about how long it was taking. She made the delivery feel like just another day at work and nothing special. 	3	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	I feel very comfortable with Dr. Walker if something were to go wrong with the pregnancy. She is very knowledgeable; however, she is also very busy and you will literally wait 2 hours sometimes when waiting to see her. This also means that when you do finally see her she does not spend a whole lot of time with you. You have to come prepared with written questions or it seems she does not have the patience to just talk to you. If you are looking for an OBGYN who sits down with you and gives you a lot of time and support; especially for new moms I would not recommend her. If you dont need someone to tell you all the things that are going on in your pregnancy and you want someone very knowledgeable or have difficult pregnancies then I would recommend Dr. Walker. 		1	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Excellant Doctor. He's very thorough, likable and sensible. 	1	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Dr. White is an amazing doctor -- if you can get in to see him.  You can be on your death bed and his next appointment is the following week.  I like his M.A., but the rest of the staff is not very helpful.  Good luck in getting him to call you back.  If all you need is a physical and can wait three months to get in, he's a great doctor.  If you are sick, find someone else. 	2	2	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Picks up weird problems better than specialists we've been to.  Very personable and caring.  Great doc.      Office staff is crabby like most recepionists and you do end up waiting to long, but we keep going back because Dr. White is fabulous! 	1	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	great service and very helpful.  Very knowlegdble and very caring. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	I had Dr Wilde for my entire pregnancy. I chose him based upon him caring for my son in the ER. He actually is a resident, about to finish. I wish he was staying here because my husband and I would use him as our family doctor as long as we lived here. He caught symptoms that other nurses or doctors didn't see as a big deal - which turned out to be. He listens well to your concerns and if he doesn't know 100% at the time for a complication, he finds it out and calls you up. He follows up in a timely manner, treats your opinion with respect and never overlooks something that concerns you. The staff is not his fault because it's a practice with many doctors under their roof and they're not the best.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
29	1	He is pleasant yet awkward and quirky at times.  However, probably fairly knowledgeable. Kinda acts like a cowboy though.  I think he is a resident doctor in training.  I would refer my wife to him if she was pregnant for sure.  	4	5	4	3 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
30	1	I went to Dr. Wilding for years in my youth (age 11 to 18, approximately). He is very personable with all age groups and definitely knows his medicine. He even has the unique talent of making some illnesses and/or treatments seem entertaining instead of bothersome or frightening. He always seems to be in a hurry, but he listens to concerns and answers questions and is always genuinely focused on the well-being of his patients. He'll even recognize faces after a while and greet patients if he sees them outside of the clinic setting. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	My grandson who is 3 was very sick. We couldn't get into his regular doctor so they worked him in to see Dr Wilding. He was very good with my grandson although he did have to have blood work and a shot. Dr wilding is very good with kids and put Ky at ease. I would recommend him to anyone looking for a good doctor in the Brigham City area. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	0	She was a nice young woman, but refused to accept previous rheumatologist' diagnosis of Rheumatoid Arthritis , Osteoarthritis, and fibromyalgia.  She claimed she couldn't find any rheumatoid arthritis, though I had been treated for about ten years for it by my rheumatologist at KU Med Center.She said she didn't think I needed to come back unless I had very swollen hands or something, distance was too great.  (I had to go this far to get a rheumatologist that would take Medicaid.  She did give me prescriptions for the medications I was already on, tolast a year, which helped.  	4	2	2	4 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
32	1	Excellent surgeon, extremely happy with the results of my proceedures.  It turned out better than I had hoped and I am so happy.  I found him to be reasonably priced for the area.  His staff was supportive and excellent with follow up.  He spent the time needed with me and checked on me after surgery.  Really pleased.  I am and RN and have been around many MDs.  He is a very intelligent and artistic MD.  Highly recommend this MD. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Wonderful bedside manor! A Plastic surgeon who cares more about people then money is rare but he is one of them and also does a great job! Also ethics, it was hard to find a surgeon who doesn't have criminal charges or sleeps with patients or married woman. Look into what kind of surgeon your supporting people! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	I LOVED my experience with Dr. Warnock and his office. I had breast augmentation surgery and everything went so much better than expected. Dr. Warnock really takes time to explain the procedure, answer questions, and give his professional experienced opinion. I also LOVED his PA! Ask about cash discount and early booking. I reccommend him to my friends! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	He's so incredibly HOT! Ok, now that's out of the way. I am loving my tummy tuck. I had TT and lipo of hips about 2 and a half weeks ago. And I love my abs, the suturing is amazing, comparing it to my c-section scar, his sutures are almost non-existent.  And he is all that the reviews say he is, he listens, and did I mention he 's incredibly hot...lol..ok 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Great experience with Dr. Warnock he is very professional, patient, he listens, comfortable environment, honest, provides full disclosure of risks, affordable, concern for patients health (he was the only plastic surgeon out of 12 that wanted me to get a mammogram before having a BA/BL). 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	The reviews here helped me initially choose Dr. Warnock, so I thought I would return and help someone else decide.  Dr. Warnock is an exceptionally skilled and compassionate surgeon.  He took time to listen to me and help me through the process.  I felt completely comfortable with him and would highly recommend him to anyone.  I also enjoyed working with Dana.  She was down to earth, and I felt like she was my friend through everything. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	I interviewed 6 plastic surgeons before I decided on Dr. Warnock.  He was kind, respectful, and skilled. In addition, he was the least expensive and most trustworthy of the surgeons I interviewed. His office staff is amazing as well, especially Hayley, who went above and beyond while helping me deal with a billing issue.  I was so happy with what he did for me that I had him do craniofacial surgery on my daughter as well.  She has a rare condition that required difficult surgery, and he did it beautifully and competently.  I am thrilled with the outcome and would recommend him to everyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	I used him as a plastic surgean to repair my son's cleft. He is very knowlegable about the re-pair and is very good at involving the parents. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Exceptionally pleased with my breast lift and augmentation.  Fantastic doctor; kind, caring, excellent listener.  Had no problems whatsoever.  Made me feel completely secure and confident with procedure and decisions.  Would recommend 100%. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	We are very pleased with the care Dr. Warnock gave our son. Our child had plagiocephaly and needed helmet therapy. Dr. Warnock was perfect with him. Very friendly and helpful. Along with his knowledge and expertise he always would make our child smile and giggle. When you have a child that struggles with problems, its especially important to have a physician that cares about the patient. He also uses the best prosthesis company in the Salt Lake Valley. Highly recommended.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
32	1	Dr. Warnock has a fabulous bedside manner and makes everyone feel comfortable.  I actually see him for my son who has a bilateral cleft lip and palate that he is repairing and feel very capable in his hands. He is very knowledgeable and extremely skilled.  I can't tell you the number of comments we have received about his superior work on fixing my son's lip.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	Dr. Warnock is absolutely amazing! His work speaks for itself,(visit his website!), and he's not arrogant like some of the other Dr's I checked out. My husband and I are SO happy with his work!!! I would recommend Dr. Warnock to everyone interested in plastic surgery! One thing to note is that he tends to err on the side of caution, so if you're going in for a breast augmentation like I did, he will recommend you go smaller rather than too large. In his opinion, 'B' is the perfect size. =) I went with a large 'C', small 'D', and I am soooo happy with how they look and feel! He really is amazing!!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Fantastic bedside manner, wonderful work, very pleased with my experience. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	He took care of my daughter when she was sick. I took really good care of her. He also took care of me when I got sick. I felt that he spent time with me to figure out what was a matter with the both of us. I would highly recommend him.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
34	-1	Very frustrating experience. 	1	5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	He is willing to help and take the time you need.  He even came to our home when my husband could not make it out the door because of his pain. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Dr. Wheelwright is my Chiropractic Physician of choice in the North Davis and Ogden area.  He is great with people, has an excellent knowledge base, and offers very effective care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Wonderful doctor...wonderful staff.He has managed my condition much more skillfully than my previous gastrenterologist.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
36	1	Dr. wills is a excellent doctor. He figured out my stomach problems. I would recomend him to everyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	This guy doesnt know anything! I doubt he even went to medical school! He was so rude to me and my husband too. Please save your money and go to someone who cares!! 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	This doctor is very skillful but really lacks in personal concern for his patients. If you are interested in a skillful surgen he is the one. If you want a doctor that will a genuine concern for your well being, seek out another. 	3	4	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	Michelle caused me more pain and it didn't get better until I saw a physical therapist who said Michelle did the wrong thing for me. My insurance pays for a chiropractor but this place is cash only. Michelle didn't do anything for my back until a couple times I went after she told me it would be thousands of dollars that could be paid upfront for a discount. It was a very bad experience. 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	He is very knowledgeable and gives answers to questions asked but if you don't know what questions to ask than no info is given. Seems shy which can be mistaken for poor bedside manners. Sometimes he side steps non oncology related issues instead of helping. Over all he's trying to cure my cancer so he gets a pat on the back for that. 	3	2	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	This Doctor was the best doctor I have ever been to.  He was fast and so unbelievably friendly.  He genuinely cared about my recovery and was always checking in on me.  I recommend him to everyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	-1	THIS DR. COULDN'T GIVE A DAMN ABOUT HIS PATIENTS! We were on time for our appointment. Took care of the paperwork and co-pay. We were told that patients were seen in the order that they arrived. Many people arrived after we did. We waited a total of 90 minutes to see the dr. After about 80 min. I asked the assistant how long the wait would be from here. She said she would let him know. After she reminded him, he still stood in an alcove next to our room talking to a PT about cinnamon rolls and square footage of another building. He heard me talk to his assistant about the time yet we waited another 10 min. then left. We went to the front desk to get our co-pay refunded. All the other patients that were there after us were GONE! During that time, the dr. didn't have the balls to come out and apologize to us. He hid behind the corner until we left (I looked back as we were leaving and saw him come out from his hiding place). This Ortho needs to grow HIMSELF a spine. 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	I think Karan is absolutely amazing. In regards to the person who had to wait a half hour, this occurs because she takes her time with her patients. I would rather wait a half hour for a full session than a rushed 15 minutes. Karan takes her time with me, listens to my concerns, and has a wonderful attitude. I am bipolar, and she has been wonderful working with me, trying out new medications. She makes me feel like I am a partner for my disability, instead of just a patient. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	After the birth of my first child I had post partum depression and have never really seemed to have kicked it.  I let my OB/Gyn treat my depression without any real break through for years then I decided to go to a real mental health care provider.  Karan diagnosed me with an anxiety disorder which made a lot more sense and got me on proper medication and I am now able to see the light at the end tunnel!  Anxiety disorder makes a lot more sense to me then depression so that lets me be able to deal with it better.  I have never had to wait but wouldn't mind because there is obviously someone ahead of me that is in great need to keep her longer.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	I love her!!! I initially began seeing her several years ago, but stopped because I thought I was &quot;all better&quot; and therefore thought I would be OK without meds. I was very wrong. When I decided to seek help again, I saw a few psychiatrists closer to my house. I have come to the conclusion that I would much rather drive thirty miles to see someone exceptional rather than drive five miles to see someone less than mediocre. When I decided to see her again, the only downside was that I had to wait over to months to get a &quot;new patient&quot; appointment because it had been over two years since I had last been. It was well worth the wait! As a fellow medical professional, it's easy to separate those who really Care about their patients from those who do not. Karan definitely cares. When I have all but given up on myself, she still hasn't given up on me. She works very hard to find a combination of meds that works for you. I have had long waits, but I attribute that to her dedication to patients 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	This was a new patient appointment scheduled for 10:00 a.m.  She finally came out at 10:35 a.m. and I explained that I almost left because of the delay.  She said &quot;this is the way I run my practice and always run late so maybe I should schedule with another Doctor.&quot;  When I explained that I had other things to do she finally said she was sorry, that If this was going to be a problem that I should see someone else.  I said okay and went back out to the receptionist, got my co-pay back and left.  It took me 2 months to get this appointment and I was not going to wait for another 2 months for someone at that facility.  	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
41	1	He has a great PA Calleen, He has a great bed side manner.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	The entire staff is very friendly and helpful.  Dr. Watson is a great listener with better &quot;bedside manner&quot; than most doctors out there.  He is very intelligent and will try many avenues to help patients.  I highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Dr. Wheeler is quietly confident and very smart and caring. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Dr Wahlen and his staff are caring and complete. I have gone to him for aprox 15 years and have never felt I was being pushed out.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
43	1	Dr. Wahlen is very knowledgeable about Diabetes, but treats his patients like you are nothing to him. Very judgemental and accusing, horrible bedside manner. Was a great Doctor when I was diagnosed with Diabetes in 1982, but has since let his practice suffer.  	2	2	3	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
44	1	I love Dr Wheeler.. she is wonderful.  Could not ask for anything more in a Dr.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	Catherine is wonderful. I went in for a consultation for a procedure last week. She related to my hobbies which made me very comfortable. She is so compassionate.  I think i will continue with her for a long time! I have referred her to a family member who is have pregnancy issues and will refer her to anyone i know! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Assurant
44	1	Dr. Wheeler is the best!  I am very picky about medical providers.  She is that rare combination of knowledge and compassion.  She is very kind and takes time to really address concerns.  She is also very conservative in her treatment plans, which I love.  I felt like my baby was in the best hands possible.  She is no longer delivering babies, which is disheartening.  I'm hoping that someone else in her practice is close to the equivalent of Dr. Wheeler.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	She was my very first OBGYN. She was understanding and kind to me because she knew I was nervous. She has a lot of OB patients and they consume most of her time, but her nurse practitioners and staff are helpful. If there was ever a concern she would handle it herself. She is fairly young and relates well with young patients. I would have never changed doctors, but my insurance no longer covers her. Highly recommended. 	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	0	I had a laparoscopy with him.  Severe endometriosis diagnosed and I had a difficult recovery.  No one from his office did any follow up, A month post surgery when I still couldn't stand upright I demanded follow up.  His staff acted as though it was unprecedented for me to want follow up care and information regarding the disease.   On several occasions Dr Watts had a delivery or emergency, which the staff knew about and they still made me wait over an hour before telling me I had to reschedule.  On another occasion my reproductive endocrinologist prescribed a medicine to ensure I wouldn't miscarry a pregnancy.  My insurance wouldn't cover the med if prescribed by the infertility doc, but would if my regular OB vouched that I needed it.  Dr Watts would not, though he knew my seven year battle with infertility.  His nurse said I would have to prove a history of miscarriages in order to get the prescription.  So rude and uncaring. 	2	2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Dr. Watts is amazing.  He delivered my second child which was a high risk pregnancy and I felt that I was very well taken care of.  His bedside manner is wonderful.  He is very kind and knowledgeable.  I have since moved to Florida with horrible healthcare and am seriously considering flying back for any future checkups/deliveries.  It is so rare to find a good Dr. like this anymore.  Thanks Dr. Watts! 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	He is a very good Dr! I will be going back to him with any other pregnancies. On punctuality, I gave a 2 because my appointments are never on time. I wait about 30 min (sometimes more) over my time in the waiting room then another 20 mins or so in the exam room. When pregnant, that is the most uncomfortable thing. It may be the schedulers who are scheduling to many people to close together. The staff, I gave a 4 due to the amount of time it takes to call me back after I have to leave a message to talk to them with concerns. But overall, the staff members are nice and helpful. The lady in the front with cool hair is ALWAYS nice and helpful. I just love checking out with her...great attitude and always makes you feel welcome at that office.  	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:AHC
45	1	I have been impressed with Dr. Watts and his staff, I changed from a different doctor and he worked me in to help with my care he was able to assess the problem when other doctors couldn't.  His staff is always concerned and answers questions if they don't have the answer they talk to Dr. Watts.  If I need an appointment they get me in quickly.  I have had 1 visit where I had to wait a while but I expect to have to wait when I go to a doctor's office.  Over all I am very pleased with the care. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	I could suggest not to go that clinic at all. I waited outside for more than half house in March. Finally went inside waited doctor for another almost one hour. The the assist ordered wrong Mammogram test for breast lump. The insurance didn't pay the bill, their billing person agreed to discount in Aug if I pay the bill. They refused the discount as of today. The doctor visit is not cheap and all the stresses after the visit.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
45	1	Dr. Watts is an amazing doctor and I love his 2 medical assistants. I followed him from the U and he delivered my first child; my insurance is changing next year and I can't have him as my OB anymore, which makes me very sad. I have referred him to few others and they have all loved him as well. He's an OB who delivers and has emergency cases at times so if he's late or appt has to be rescheduled, that should be understandable! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Dr. Watts is great.  He is very understanding and takes the time to listen to issues that you may have.  His bedside manner is great as well.  He called me himself with test results while he was on vacation.  Some, NOT ALL of the medical assistants could be a little nicer. I would highly recommend him to anyone. 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	0	Dr. Watts himself is very nice and genuine, and has a great bedside manner.  BUT I am definitely switching doctors because his nurse (actually she's only a medical assistant) is very rude to me and I don't feel like she knows what she's talking about.  I'm dealing with a few issues in TTC and all they want to do is prescribe me medicine over the phone, they say blood draws are &quot;inacurate&quot;, and I feel they never truly listen to my questions or concerns.  In fact they haven't ever wanted to see me in the office, just diagnose me over the phone.  I also have to call THEM to get my lab results.  Super annoying.  Bottom line is if you want a doctor that has a more laid back approach, then he's the guy for you.   If you want someone more proactive with treatment, go somewhere else. 	1	4	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	I had to go to Doctor Watts for a D&C; when my insurance didn't cover the hospital where my doctor at the time worked. The first time I met him was pre-op. He was so great, I never returned to my old doctor. He always remembers my name. He called me personally after the D&C; to check on me and gave me his cell phone number to reach him. He is thorough, honest and knowledgeable.  I would recommend him to everyone! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	-1	Dr. Watts is kind and fun, but in a hurry and more likely to prescribe medicine than talk about your condition and explore what is going on. He won't remember your delivery experience when you come in for postpartum. Be ready to fire off questions before he rushes off to the next patient. I was in pain after he checked me for prenatal dilation and effacement, but rather than help me through it, Dr. Watts talked about a book he was reading as I cringed in discomfort. When I was in pain after he put in my IUD, he washed his hands, put some info into the computer, and rushed off to the next patient. Nurses are young and cold.  Office needs redecorating.  	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
45	1	I love Dr. Watts himself, he's great and helpful and has helped me get to the root of my problems. He has great bedside manner and makes me feel very comfortable. However, I may end up leaving his office simply because of the staff. I've had several frustrating experiences and getting an appointment is always very far in advance. They have a huge problem with giving you the run-around just to schedule an appointment, and then half the time you get rescheduled after you show up. When I do have a concern, I have been blown off and I've actually been told, &quot;I'm too busy to help you right now, call back tomorrow.&quot; I don't even think I'm very needy, I usually just need a prescription refill.  	1	4	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
45	1	Great OB/GYN! I usually end up waiting a while in the exam room, but other than that he's very kind and understanding. Very helpful.  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
45	-1	I had seen Dr. Watts before but I lived farther away so didn't go to him &quot;regularly.&quot; I have since moved and decided to go to him since he knew my history.  Now whe I go to see him, he has totally diregarded what I say, and tells me to &quot;keep doing what I'm doing.&quot;  I wouldn't be asking him about things if I all I wanted to hear was to keep doing what I'm doing.  I would have recommended him before, but now would not recommend him to anyone I care about.  He does not have a very good bedside manner, and I feel I'm always shrugged off whenever I call, or come in to see him! 	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Dr. Watts is the best ever. My daughter was born at 28 weeks and it was a stressful day but Dr. Watts was right there to ease my stress and let me know I was going to be ok.  I would follow him to any pratice and I tell all my friends that they should see him.  I have had many procudures with him and he always has the best bedside mannor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	He is wonderful with a great staff.  I followed him from another clinic to his new clinic and would recommend him to anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	i was going to a midwife and had to have a c-section and he was the one who did it and i have no complaints--everything went well! 	 3/8/07		5	5	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	I have been seeing Dr. Watts for 6 years and even changed clinics to continue seeing him. He is extremely personable and cares about his patients. I was very impressed when he called me directly with my lab results (which were normal).  HE called ME - he is the BEST!!! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
45	1	The best doctor I have ever seen. My husband adores him as well. He delivered both of our girls and we cannot say enough good about him. He is compassionate and caring. His bedside manner is impecable. I would recommend him to anybody. In fact we went to him after he left the University hospital at a cost to us of $500 deductible that otherwise wouldn't have existed had we stayed at the university. He is the BEST!!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Clear View Eye Care, clearly the only optometrist to see in St. George or Santa Clara.  Dr. Wallace is thorough, kind, and concerned about my needs.  Will always return and refer. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Really the best optometrist that I have been to. I didn't need glasses but the checkup was a pleasant experience. Staff was very helpful and the office is very modern and nice. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	He was a great guy all around. I would deff. go back and refer all my friends and family to go to him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Awesome service. Great staff and nice selection of glasses. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	Dr. Walker was on my insurance list and I live close, so I thought I would try him.  I was very impressed, especially when I didn't have a recommendation from a friend.  I had a tooth that had been bothering me everytime I drank something cold.  One dentist told me that it &quot;probably&quot; needed a root canal.  Dr. Walker said that it didn't respond like teeth that normally need root canals. He put a filling in it and I haven't had sensitivity since!  He's great!  I definitely recommend him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
48	1	Love Rebecca, have had her for one delivery and she also does my gynocological exams, she is very knowledgeable, compassionate, and caring.99% of the time you were seen right at your appointed time, only time it wasn't on time is bc the patients children before me were still picking up toys, very family friendly, she talked to our 4 year old about everything. She has a tv room and tons of toys throughout her office to keep your little ones busy during your check ups. She also has a lock kids cant get to so they are nice and safe, she always locks the door during your visit so that's nice you get a lot of one on one time and all appointments are an hour so no rush like a normal doctors office. Also, when you are no longer seeing her and call for an emergency or just a stupid question she calls you back that day, I love Rebecca, she will be my midwife for all of my subsequent births, also added plus she put my husband at ease he loves her to, my daughter wants to be a midwife bc of her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Rebecca is smart, competent, caring, patient, fun, non-judgmental, and goes above and beyond the call of duty. You could not ask for a better midwife! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Rebecca is a wonderful CNM. She is very caring and made me feel very comfortable birthing with her. I recommend her to everyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	Rebecca is a CNM committed to out-of-hospital births.  She respects and works with you, whatever your personal choice of birthing style is.  She also covers primary care for women.  She always calls me back, calls me to follow up, and I know she is committed to me as her patient. She's prompt, able, and compassionate. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	Dr. Wilkins and his staff are wonderful and courteous. I fly back from NYC to see them. I don't get lectures from them, and get good, knowledgeable service. A+! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	0	He seemed rushed and didn't have time to address my problem. &quot;Well, everyone has back pain.&quot; Maybe, but I need more help than that.  	4	4	3	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
50	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	Dr Watson has my our doctor for 18 years. always listens and gets to the bottom of a problem. I never have problems getting a quickie appointment. The front desk is not overly friendly but they are the ones that are gonna fixe me up so I can deal with them for a second.  	2	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	I enjoyed my intial visit with Dr Watson.A little mix up with my check,had to come back with my visa because they could not find my check.Excited for my next visit! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	Randall is a great Dr.  My brothers and I all go to him and feel like he is on of us. 	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	It's great to have a doctor who knows and calls you by name.  Both my husband and I go to him and thinks he's the greatest.  He very knowledgeable and we know he really cares about us.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
51	1	very friendly and willing to get to bottom of problem and listens. 	3	3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
51	0	 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	I was hit my a semi and since I have been in horrible pain!  Him and his staff have been wonderful at trying to help put me back together!!!Thank you 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Wonderful neurosurgeon. I was in a wheelchair and unable to even tend my small children. He did surgery after all other options were exhausted. The surgery gave me my life back. He is not a patient man but that is more his nature I believe rather than rudeness. He does want to help and I recommend him to anyone in need of a great neurosurgeon. I met people he did brain surgery on and they all had high praise for him as well. His assistant Lauren Archuletta is great. His other assistant I dislike very much. Other than than, no negatives. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Awesome doctor; not quick to do surgery. Exhausts all options and attempts conservative treatment, which I agree with wholeheartedly. Follow-up care was phenomenal, information was presented very well, and took time to answer all questions. All together this is a great doctor (coming from someone who works in the medical field) and a very good experience in a not so good situation. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	neurosurgeon ,, partners with Dr Yalamanchili, they did residency together. less likely to jump into agressive back surgey than his partner,, takes more time and looks at choices,, outcomes. BUT is VERY impatient with any problems esp reoccuring ones, and is a bit the same as partner with the &quot;its nothing i did&quot; rountine. NOW all of a sudden refuses work comp cases..  		5	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	Very concerned and caring.  Always willing to listen.  Always answers questions and never rushes me.  I feel like I am in good hands.  His office has always been helpful. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Dr Whittington is fabulous. We have been going to him for close to 10 years. My husband has Diabetes among other issues and Dr Whittington has pulled him through at least three major medical crisis. My family sees him also. If ho doesn't know he is not afraid to say so and get other help. He is wonderful!I would and I do trust him with my life. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Whittington for many years. I find him helpful and knowledgeable. He is willing to listen to your thoughts about your treatment and work with you to find the best solutions.He has a good bed side manner.My family are patients of his as well and they agree with my ratings of him.  	4	1	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
55	-1	Hs is TERRIBLE!! His staff is awful, he doesn't care because heis so busy. This is the last with me and any IHC Clinics, etc...  I do not recommend him to anyone!! or anyone in that office.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
55	-1	THIS IS THE WORST DOCTOR I HAVE EVER WENT TO.  HIS PATIENT RELATIONS IS TERRIBLE. I HAVE MULTIPLE PROBLEMS, AND I THINK HE COULD NOT DEAL WITH THEM.  HE TALKS DOWN AT YOU, AND MADE ME FEEL LIKE KILLING MYSELF WHEN I GOT HOME.  TERRIBLE DR. I CERTAINLY WOULD NOT RECOMMEND HIM.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
55	1	Very good doctor, quick mind with good hands. Help me a lot.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
55	-1	All the doctors and staff at this clinic have no clue what is going on. They double book, and spend no time with you. Please avoid this clinic. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
56	0	Dr Williams has always been a wonderful Dr. to me and my family until he began his new company. Now, it is impossible to get into him, and when I finally do (normal wait time is 3 weeks) he makes me feel rushed. Something that never happened before his company was established. I don't know that a bad rating would bother him over much, it seems he wants less patients. I've told him my concerns, he told me I would probably be happier with another doctor. All I asked for was to beable to get an appointment. I guess his appts.  are reserved for those that want to loose fat or wrinkles! 	2	3	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	-1	He is more interested in his Botox business now than his family practice patients.  	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Medicare
56	1	My wife and I have been going to Dr. williams for 25 years. We have found him to be the best family doctor in Utah. He is really patient and cares for his patients. My wife has had several health problems over the years and Dr. Willaims has bee very knowlageable and helpful. Since he was hurt a few years ago he understands what his patients are going though and he really wants to help people get better.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
56	-1	Dr. Williams prescribed the wrong dosage on perscription and despite all the visits & phone calls of complaints of fainting & dizziness he did nothing until it was so bad my mother was hospitalized and irreversable damage had occured.  He admitted that it was his error but that was the extent of it.  We finally talked her into going to a different doctor, who took care to make sure her meds were performing well with few side effects.  Later, she had a reaction to an antibiotic and her new doctor was out of town so she went back to Dr. Williams.  He's now been playing with her meds for months but none of her issues are ever undercontrol like they were with the other doctor.  Dr. Williams changes her meds every other month and doesn't seem to know how to really pinpoint the right meds at the right dosages.  He seems nice, but he is not a very competant doctor in my opinion.  We try to get my mother back to the other doctor but she feels guilty leaving Williams now.  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Medicare
56	1	. He's great! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
57	1	The thing people have to realize about Rheumatology is that auto immune diseases are extremely hard to diagnose. Dr Walker doesn't have the best bed side manners but he seems to genuinely care about his paitients. I went into see him and at the time there was nothing to diagnose me with so I got a 2nd opinion. I was such a rare and special case that there was no way he could've found it at the time I saw him. Overall he is a pretty good doctor. 	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	I went in to see doctor Walker for unexplainable body pain. I thought I may have fibromyalgia and after some tests he said it looks like it might be that. He gave me a brochure and told me to exercise. Not very helpful in treating pain.  	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	-1	While in extreme bone crushing pain I asked for a note for work so that I could go back when I am capable of performing job duties without passing out or throwing up.  This &quot;professional&quot; told me &quot;no&quot; and that I had to be &quot;a contributing member of society.&quot;  I was already depressed because of the pain and my limitations - the last thing I needed was my doctor telling me that needing time off made me worthless.  I was crying and he sat back with a smug look on his face the whole time, just sure he was right and had been appropriate.  I would warn anyone against seeing him. 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
58	-1	1st time visit.  Not particularly impressed. I went in thinking that perhaps I had plantar fasciitis, he agreed. He was very much in a hurry, did answered the questions I asked but did not offer any new explanation/education or additional information. Sent me out with an insert for my shoes and for the exercises I thought he was going to have the assistant show me some, but instead I got a handout with some pictures and explanations. Nothing wrong with his personality, but I was not impressed. At the very least he could have taken the time (perhaps 2 more minutes if that) to show me the exercises instead of giving me a piece of paper. 	5	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	My daughter received treatment for fractured metatarsals and received excellent care.  We would definitely use Dr. Weenig again.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	-1	I saw Doctor Weenig for neck and back and hip pain.  It's been a problem for years.  I am only 23 years old. I mentioned that my legs looked like they were different lengths and that when I used to see a chiropracter they always shoved a bone in my lower left back, up into place.  It would soon slip out again. Weenig measured my legs, it turns out they are different lengths.  He took an exray of my pelvic area- sure enough it was very tilted. He didn't talk to me about cure options-It was something I had to keep mentioning and it seemed like he didn't care or didn't know other options. He gave me a shoe insert that I could have bought at walmart, told me to wear it in my right shoe, sent me home. My pain didn't heal. I went back, had to ask for a neck x-ray which came out black. He lightened it enough to barely see the tips of the neck spine, couldn't see any other part of the neck bones. he gave me another shoe insert, sent me home, charged me 150.00 again. It seemed he was in a hurry 	4	5	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	Great surgeon, but he did not listen to me and I ended up being misdiagnosed because of it. After doing everything he asked, and having my symptoms get worse I went to Salt Lake and found a doctor who would treat me for the symptoms I was ACTUALLY having, not the symptoms he THOUGHT I was having. Dr. Wang and his partner are the only electrophysiologists in Utah County, but go to Salt Lake. It's worth the drive! I would not recommend him. 	3	5	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
60	0	I was very disappointed, I felt rushed.  I have diabetes and she didn't discuss anything about it other than what meds I was taking.  She didn't do the usual foot check that every other doctor has requested since I was diagnosed. I am not feeling very confident that she didn't miss something else.  	3	2	3	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
60	1	We needed a new physician after moving from the Ogden area. I loved my sons pediatrician, and was so sad to switch. That being said, Dr. Willis was very kind, and gentle with my son. I really like her, and am so happy we found her. I am also thrilled she is a family practitioner, because I will be going to her too-- I have never had a family practitioner, and feel so grateful to have found one that I genuinely like for the times I need it! I highly recommend Dr. Willis. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	Dr Walton has been an awesome Doc he has gone above and beyond on helping me.  if you need a doc he is the man I give him an a ++ rating 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	Dr. Walton is one of the best Doctor's I have ever Known!! I love him he is the BEST! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	I know this doctor and find that he has spent much of his  life in the service of others.  He is a great physician and friend to all those who know him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	Doc Wilding is amazing.  Not only is he very knowledgeable and talented, he makes his patients feel special and well taken care of.  We need more like him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	Dr. Whiting is a great pediatrician. He talks to the kids and explains things in their language. He also explains things well to moms. Good listener. Never, ever feel rushed.  We go to the Lehi Office and the staff and facility are great, too! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
63	1	Love Dr. Whiting. Came to him after having such a bad pediatrian and it was amazing to sit with a doctor who knows his stuff, listens and doesn't overreact. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	I absolutly love Dr. Whitting. I hate when I have to go anywhere else. He's so personable with me and my kids. He also is a good listener and really tries to help me with my concerns. I know he's very busy but he doesn't make you feel that he's in a hurry. Such a nice nice guy 		4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	LISTENS! Takes time to knowledgeably answer questions. Not condenscending. Good office staff. Called personally then had staff call for 4 days after my baby got RSV. Willing to listen to parents' ideas about their children.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
64	1	Long time patient 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	I love Dr. Warby! He was a nice and excelent Doctor. I have recomended him to family and they all had a good experience as well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	1	Ive been seeing Dr Warby for about a year now and I have been nothing but impressed with the service that I have received from Dr Warby himself and his staff regarding my condition. Because I have to Workers Comp I have had to have second opinions from other Dr's in his field and was not impressed one bit. I have suggested Dr Warby to several friends and family with no complaints.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
65	1	prompt and courteus staff.dr.warby is very knowledgable andwe highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
65	1	when clipping my toenails he cut my toe.  This happened to a relative I referred to him as well.  	3	4	3	4 	Insurance:Tricare
66	1	Knowledgeable. works well with my child--spends time. is patient. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	-1	Kept me waiting for 1 hours 45 min. Saw me for &lt;3 min. Had Assistant evaluated my results and he called me without the doctor seeing the results. I'm not sure he did anything but order the tests. I'm going for a second opinion as I have no confidence in my experience here. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	I was involved in a terrible accident back on 1993 on I-15. My first Doctor told me I would need surgery to stabilize my shoulder. Well after 10 procedures the WC insurance allowed me to go to another surgeon. I ran into a person at the grocery store who told me to call Dr. West. Dr. West's office staff gave me an appointment the next day. Dr. West talked with my wife and I for over 2 hours, and we left his office with a plan in place to fix my shoulder for good. The next Thursday he scoped the shoulder and after I was out of the recovery room told me that with mine and my wifes permission he wanted to go back in right then to try to fix what the other surgeon had faild to do. Doctor West was honest with me that he thought the surgury would fail, but he had to try as the only other option was to fuse the joint. It did and yes he had to fuse the joint,but he did with more courage then I had,and after 10 years later he calls to check up on me. Doctor Hugh West is a great Man and Surgeon.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
69	1	Dr West is for sure one of the best. He repaired my acl and like a previous reviewer stated, I don't need a brace either. In another incident I had a dirtbike accident and injured my shoulder with a partial tear of the rotator cuff. We often hear of surgeons who are quick to cut. Dr West said it could possibly need surgery but wanted to go the physical therapy and time route. He was right and my shoulder is fine. This guy is very friendly and I am thankful to have him as my doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	-1	Seemed unconcerned about my wife's frozen shoulder. Initially had an MRI on her shoulder. The radiologist pointed at a &quot;spot&quot; that he said was the problem. West told us that &quot;sometimes radiologists can't read films right&quot;. That should've been a warning. He did a procedure which only worsened her pain. He didn't care. He stood behind his treatment, refused to listen, and forced her into PT that actually made it worse. He wrote a grand total of 60 pain pills in 4 months. His staff treated her like she was an addict. My wife is tough, NEVER takes pain pills. She doesn't like the feeling they give her. She needed surgery and pain relief. When she called to request a few pain pills to get her through a holiday weekend, staff members waited until they were closed, left a message to make an appt 3 WEEKS LATER. We found a REAL surgeon, he agreed with the radiologist, fixed the problem, she's better now. This CLOWN has MALPRACTICE written all over him.  How do ppl like this live with themselves&#63; 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	Great Doctor. Fixed my knee after a motorcycle accedent. I wear no knee brace unlike my friend who had his knee fixed by a different Doc. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Love this man! I've never had better care from a doctor in my life. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
70	-1	Despite being a patient for several months, I have yet to actually meet Dr. Wilson.  The limited office hours have made it extremely difficult to come in.  They are not open before 9 am, close for 1 1/2 hours for lunch, and close the office at 4:00 pm.  (They are also closed all day Friday) Good luck getting in if you work...  I will also mention that one member of their staff makes you feel completely unwelcome and that the smallest request is a great burden.  This week I was feeling quite ill and needed to go in.  Not only was I unable to find anybody in the office for an entire day, but they never even returned my call.  Needless to say, I am now looking for a new provider. 	1	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	Dr. Sam Wilson and his staff are very knowledgeable at what they do and they are very professional.  My family and I have been going to Dr. Sam Wilson ever since I was about two years old, which is about 20 years now! We have never had any problems with him, he is always very understanding and knows what he's talking about.  He actually listens to your concerns.  I've gone to Dr. Sam Wilson to everything from a fever to PTSD trauma concerns, and I've never felt like he hasn't listened to me, my concerns, and my physical symptoms.  I'd recommend Dr.  Sam Wilson to anyone who is in need of a doctor that takes his time to understand your concerns and won't be condenscending, while also being very great at what he does and very knowledgeable! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	-1	THis Dr. Should not treat any high risk babys as he does not provide the best and AAP recomended treatment for them. 	2	2	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	I have been going to Dr. Wilson for about 20 years.  I find him to be a very upbeat, kind person and very helpful.  I have a cronic disease and he has helped with with it and learned to cope with it.  I do agree with the issues he has with his staff.  They don't seem like they are there to help the patient, especially his receptionist.  She isn't very welcoming or warm.  It seems to me you need a kid person to work in a Dr's office.  People are there because they need help or are sick.  They don't want to be made to feel like they are imposing.  It's the patients that are paying their paycheck. 	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	0	I've gone to Doctor Wilson for many years and he has treated my family for many more.  Hes very nice.  With treatment I've had mixed results with a few new prescriptions they have encouraged.  When I've wanted to switch back (twice) they have made me go through another visit and co-pay. If you need something that day it is &quot;difficult&quot; for them.  They won't fax anything for you. Scheduling with Dr Wilson can often be weeks out.  I haven't seen him in his office for years I almost always see an assistant. They are helpful but short and in a hurry.  Not always the same person. His staff (one person) is the reason I will be finding another doctor.  The woman who answers the phone and works the counter is THE WORST!! I can't use the words that she deserves on this site. I've never felt more of a burden to anyone in a professional setting.  The hours and days they are open are also difficult for someone who works full time. 	2	3	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
70	0	Doctor is good but staff makes too many mistakes: faxes to the wrong numbers, never returned calls, prescriptions are sent to the pharmacy after calling over and over. During the visit, Doctor is fantastic but he is unavailable for questions and the nurses are the clueless people ever. I was not the only one. My husband went through the same ordeal.  	1	4	2	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
70	1	I love love love Dr. Wilson. The kindest, gentle, patient, most concerned man that I have ever met in my life. Been a patient for 20 yrs.... I HATE his VERY RUDE unprofessional and short staff!! The few he had like Angie of course leave and the redhead behind the front desk is absolutely a nightmare. It's been this way for 20 yrs. He needs to get rid of the friends and relatives who do nothing but eat eat eat  and get some professional help. They are more concerned ALWAYS abut stuffing their fat faces with pizza, chocolate and sharing recipes than doing their job and helping the public patients. I love Dr.  Sam, but he needs to clean house and get a serious makeover with the ****y, clueless, women staff!!! :( 	1	1	5	4 	Insurance:Workers Comp
70	1	Dr. Wilson has done a good job for me and my family.  When required, he has referred us to specialists that also provided good service (although their &quot;bedside&quot; manner is seldom as good as Dr. Wilson's). I have found his staff to be helpful.  There's usually many pill-pushers calling on him, so there is always a lot going on.  I recommend Dr. Wilson to my friends. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	We met Dr Wilson for the first time in the Emergency Room at Lakeview. We waited for him to open his practice and have been with him for over 25 years now. The wait can be long but worth every second because he never rushes you either. He is happy and jokey during uncomfortable situations. I don't understand the logic in some of these comments about the staff because they have been incredibly kind every time I go in. They have gone out of their way to fill a prescpription that was called in late by husband many times. I am always greeted with a smile and a warm welcome from Dr. Wilson. He is willing to give samples when possible and to refer me to other doctors if needed. I miss his nurse Angie that used to work there. She was the best! Don't ever retire Dr. Wilson until I am long gone!!! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	The best Dr. I have ever had.  Dr Wislon is willing to go the extra mile to help me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
70	1	I have gone to Dr. Wilson for over 20 years he has delivered all three of my babies. When we come in for our yearly visits he treats the kids like his own grandchildren and they love him. In the past when we have had serious health issues we have gone to a specialist and not been happy with the results so we went to Dr. Wilson and he has always solved our problems. He is not always on time because he takes the time to answer all your questions. I don't get upset because I know I will get my time too. I feel Dr. Wilson has a real talent to heal.  I have referred him to friends with issues that could not be solved by other doctors and he figures it out right away :) 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
70	1	Dr. Wilson has a great bed side manor. He does a great job of explaining things. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	0	I've known Dr. Wilson all my life.  He is a great man, and used to be a great physician.  Unfortunately several years ago he faced several family crisis' that led him to become distracted, and his practice suffered drastically.  So much so that I was forced to find another physician.  He may have recovered since then (I hope so), but I felt obligated to warn people that perhaps he was still suffering from distraction.  Another downside is, as other mentioned, his poor staff.  They are unreliable and often downright rude.  Unfortunately he seems to hire friends and family, and because of that is unwilling to let them go despite their lack in professionalism.  	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
70	1	Dr. Wilson is very helpful and knowledgeable! He has been our family physician for over two decades!  I hadn't seen him in years because I hadn't needed to go to the doctor for a while... at about noon I called to see if I could get in the same day, and they opened up a spot for me then and there. 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	-1	Waited upwards of 3 hours - Staff is often gone -I would not recommend him because he did not address my concerns with his recommended treatment, which ended up causing me a lot of pain. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	If you can get passed the front desk to see him, it's totally worth it.  His staff have never really been helpful, but I find Dr. Wilson's expertise to be outstanding.  He is an exceptional, personable doctor with a great bedside manner.  	1	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
70	1	I do not like Dr. Wilson's staff at all. The only reason I continue to go is because I feel that Dr. Wilson gives great care and is very knowledgeable. I have had a lot of problems with the front desk not only as a patient but also on a professional level calling on behalf on another physician's office located near his office.  	1	1	4	5 	Insurance:Coventry
70	1	Sometimes a message left with staff is not relayed to Dr. Wilson correctly (if detailed). Sometimes it's better to make an appointment to tell him yourself. Other than that, I've found the staff to be helpful & considerate. Dr. Wilson is a very knowledgeable, compassionate physician. He takes the time to address and treat health issues. This can result in a lack of punctuality. I've been his patient for 16 years. He knows my health history well. He listens to his patients, takes into consideration their self evaluation of their condition and has been open to alternative remedies (such as herbs). His sunny disposition is &quot;contagious&quot; :-) I've been very pleased with his ability to diagnose and treat my multiple health issues, one of which has been life threatening. Since I've been with him, stabilized and followed his treatment plan, my visits to his office are mostly for routine yearly tests. Thank you for keeping me alive and well.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
71	1	Dr. Daren Winn is a fantastic Dr. My son and I both go to him.  He always listens, and does not make you feel like you are crazy.  He is very up to date on things, and will listen if you have an idea or suggestion.  Dr. Winn makes you feel like a team working together.  After seeing numerous Dr's over the past year he is the first one to listen, and cares to follow up on test results that are not normal.  He is an Excellent Dr.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
72	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	-1	Totally useless. Does not care about anything but making money. Has ZERO diagnostic skills. Been going to him for over 20 years. Keeps screwing everything up and is ALWAYS super late on his appointment times. Bad Doctor. Trying to find a new one to replace this idiot.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	My family has been seeing Jon for 18 years. He is very professional, knowledgable and has a great sense of humor. I have never had a visit where I felt he did not do his best to solve the problem. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	-1	.  	3	2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	I had a bad heel and the dr fixed it immediately.  Dr.  wells is a great diagnostician 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
75	-1	1,5 hours wait time. Extremely rude and condescending doctor. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
75	-1	After experiencing progressively worsening flu-like symptoms for two weeks and developing a deep, productive cough, I made an appointment with Dr. Wells. I told her my symptoms, and she told me &quot;from the way you smell, I can tell you have strep throat.&quot; I thought this was strange, because I didn't have any throat pain.  She left the room, and I expected her to come back to perform a throat culture.  After about ten minutes of waiting, one of her staff walked in the exam room, and was surprised to see me there; she informed me that Dr. Wells was finished with her examination, despite having never cultured my throat.  My symptoms worsened, and I wound up in the emergency room two days later - the ER physicians found I had pneumonia (with no signs of strep).  Dr. Wells performed a grossly incomplete examination and failed to diagnose a serious illness.  Her inability to perform even a basic throat culture leaves me quite dubious as to her capacity as a medical practitioner. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	I love Dr. Welsh.  My whole family goes to her and she is wonderful! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
76	1	Joy Welch is a very good ob/gyn. She has only helped me, and I have only heard and experienced goog things about her.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
77	1	Dr. Walker is SO knowledgeable and caring!  She really takes her time to get all the facts and get to the root of the problem.  You can tell she really enjoys her job!  She has great bedside manner and really cares about her patients and their health.  LOVE her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	. she was the best, she help me she is very help ful 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
79	1	he did great for my knee problems 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	0	Ive only seen Dr Wilde once. On my first visit he was nice but not that comforting just cordial. On my first visit he suggested he was 95% sure I have endometriosis. I was in shock and heart broken. He sent me w a pamplet on endo and scheduled me for surgery laproscopic 2 wks later. It was 3 days later that I realized he didnt do any non invasive testing first. So I can say he was nice but not completely satisfied with his surgery happy behavior. Im going for a second opinion. 	3	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	. He always seemed to rush my questions so I would leave with some unanswered that I had wanted to ask but with what he did answer he was very detailed and helpful with my pregnancy 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
80	1	Dr Wilde is awesome.  He's done 2 surgeries on me and delivered my baby.  He always takes time to talk after an exam to explore options and answer questions.  He has been my doctor for over 10 years.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
80	1	Dr. Wilde is great. I was referred to him for surgery and very pleased with his professionalism and comprehensive review of my options.  He asked me a lot of questions to find out what would work best for me.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	His bedside manner is great. He actually listens! He's willing to go the extra mile for you. He calls and follows up when he says he will. I've never felt &quot;rushed&quot; during the office visits.  	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	0	Dr wall is nice and professional in demeanor. bI went in with back spasms in my upperback and was told it was a result of a twisted rib.  I had 6 adjustments the upperback and ribs and got no relief.  Went to my fam practice doctor and he did simple test and found a pinched nerve in my neck which lead to more tests that found degenerative disks in my neck.  At least in my case Dr Wall jumped to conclusion about what the problem was and then initiated a treatment plan that was focusing on the wrong area. 	4	5	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	LOVE Dr. Wall. I've been seeing him for the last few weeks as I've been recovering from a pregnancy. This has been my easiest recovery ever, by far (and I'm on baby number 5)! I can finally walk again without pain. The Pro Adjuster is amazing. No twisting and cracking and popping. I love it.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
82	1	Dr. Wall is awesome. I was in a car accident and they took car of all the paper work. And I feel great. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	-1	My first impression of doctor Williams is much like others described, in a hurry, friendly, likes to joke, but doesn't linger. Although, friendly, I  felt like he was in a hurry to get to his next patient, and once we were done had no more time for me or my son.  His staff was professional, but distant.  I just rolled with it, and was eager to try his recommendations.  When we continued to have problems and  i tried to contact him again, it was very, very difficult.  Then we moved to another country where it is difficult to find physicians, especially specialists.  I called his office to see if they could work with us over the internet or through Skype perhaps.  Obviously feeling a little desperate here.  I could accept if he could not do it, but might have at least like to have heard a little compassion communicated from his office.  They were indifferent in their response, almost like they were robots reporting the facts.  I wont return, and won't recommend him to family or friends. 	 9/4/12	1	5	2	Insurance:Unknown
83	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	I will not go back. His sense of humor I could deal with, although I felt as though he talked down to me.  The staff was not very friendly or helpful, didn't really even acknowledge I was in the room. I have had moles removed in the past with minimal scarring. He didn't really explain the procedure to me, just that I would need it done immediately. While done excising the mole he ran in and out of the room and let his PA-C suture me up while he started on another patient. I am pretty young still and will be scarred for life. If you need something removed he doesn't care about cosmetic looks at all and how it will effect the patient in the long run.   See someone else! 	2	2	2	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	-1	Worst doctor I have ever met.  Don't walk but run away from his office.  He is very immature and unprofessional. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
83	-1	 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
83	-1	Just went to see this doctor and I have not felt this self conscious about my appearance in a long time! I went to see him about removing a mole on my face (you can imagine the degrading feeling I had just going in for that reason) He was late, and treated me like a child. On top of that he poked at my face rudely, then right before I left he pushed on my facial mole and jiggled it while making childish noises for his own amusement! I slapped his hand away and tried to hide my humiliation. It wasn't until I got to the car that I started crying. Don't you think that a doctor, especially a dermatologist, should be more sensitive to people's feelings&#63; I will not be returning.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Molina
83	1	He was energetic, full of life, very professional and I was glad that he was my dermatologist. His staff were very pleasant and kind.  I definitely will go back to him and recommend my friends and family 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
83	-1	I would never recommend this doctor. He made me so uncomfortable.  He was pulling at my clothing, looking places that I did not ask him to look. I was never offered a gown, yet he was looking under all of my clothing. He is unprofessional, acts like a teenager, and tries to look like one too. 	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
83	-1	Horrible with children.  Talked about my child like she wasn't even there and didn't seem interested in my perspective either.  We will not return. 	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	After an unsuccessful visit to a family doctor I went to see Dr Williams for severe itching.  The staff was just average but he was helpful and seemed knowledgeable.  He is touchy-feely and tries to crack jokes whenever he can, but he made sure to answer all my questions and was serious enough about doing his job. 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	0	He acts like an high school kid, childish and hyper.  He made me feel very uncomfortable.  He thinks he's funny, but he is kind of insulting.  I would never return to him.  He needs to grow up and act his age.  I would never have believed he was actually a doctor, if I met him out of the office. 	1	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	Dr. Williams is definitely energetic and humorous, but I didn't feel it effects his thoroughness in any way.  My 15-year old son also saw him, and the humor aided my son in wanting to control his acne which was heading to scaring.  Without that fun approach, my son wouldn't have cared or even listened.  Dr. Williams didn't push expensive things on me (only told me about botox after I asked), and answered all questions quickly but thoroughly.  He is great!  The energy and humor is just his style.  He is almost 40, but looks 28...so he must be doing something right.  	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
83	-1	Horrible bedside manner!!! I would never recommend this doctor!! He was completely unprofessional, did not explain the side effect of the procedure until after he did the procedure. If I would have known the risk/outcome, I would never have let him proceed! 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
83	0	I went in to Dr. Williams for a full body check for moles and I was EXTREMELY uncomfortable with him.  I was nervous, but he was very casual and acted really young and immature, joking and laughing while he was checking me, that I felt really really uncomfortable with him, to the point that I never want to see him again.  In my opinion, he acted immature and unprofessional when I was vulerable and had to be undressed.  Probably has to do with lack of experience.  	2	4	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	I have several children going to Dr. Williams for acne problems.  We mostly see his PA who is great.  I feel like he really cares about the outcome instead of just giving my children more prescriptions. We have had great success so far.  His office is clean, professional, and up to date. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	Very knowlegable and pleasant.   I was a bit nervous and his great sense of humor helped a lot 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	Dr Williams was great.  He was very humorous.  He was in and out of the room quickly but it I didn't feel neglected at all!  My only problem with the visit was that I didn't get seen until an hour after my appt time. 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	I wouldn,t make an appointment with him again, he wasn't very helpful only cared about selling other expensive procedures like botox.  I agree with other rating he acts too young.  If I come in for botox thats fine otherwise mind your own business Dr. Williams, its offensive. 	3	4	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	He is quick, thorough and to the point all the while making you laugh. Not the doctor if you need someone to hold your hand and talk (that's a psychologist). He has a great PA and he helps the balancing act allowing the dr. more time.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Aetna
83	1	I was actually impressed with Dr. Williams.  He is the most personable, friendly doc I have been to.  I felt comfortable asking him questions and he seemed to be very knowledgeable.  I would definately refer him to anyone.  (Also, his office was very clean) 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	Dr. Williams is super excited about being a Dermatologist. He loves his work, and is very confident in himself. I like that in a doc. He also really seems to care about his patients. 	 2/7/08	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	He is friendly, but he is too touchy feely and when he talks to you he gets really close to your face.  I think hes looking for things he can make money on. He was trying to talk me into botox on my forehead, which I don't need I'm only early 40's.  He actually made me very uncomfortable, he was also very hyper like a little kid jumping on his hands in his chair.  I would only go back to his pa, but not him. 	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	Good bedside manners. Always cheerful, even at the end of the day. Although can be kind of fast in and out of the room so I forgot to ask some questions I had. Overall, would recommend Dr Williams to everyone. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	0	Dr. Webb sent me to collections for $40 for an overcharge on a $750 procedure. We have spent thousands of dollars with this Dentist over the years and for some reason he has to have dishonest attorneys collect a measly $40 and turn it into a $460 collection. They even want to haul me into the court room to find out my assets to collect from. You would think a Dentist valued a client more than $40 and understands that we still live in a society where Customers should be valued and consider that they may be right. Not only has he lost a large family as his clients and the potential for referals but now has turned $40 into something that will reflect negatively on anyone who reads this. He gets an A+ for Stupidity. 	1	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	During my visit I felt that I was treated horribly.I would NEVER recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was a complete waste of time and money.Overall I would rate this visit : AWFUL! 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
86	-1	Dr. Walters is the worst Dr. I have ever been to.  He does not listen or care about his patients. Never go to him for anything! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
86	-1	I took my baby to Dr. walters for a circumcision nightmare! He used the plasiibel method and tied the string on the tip of his penis rather than over tha plastibel. After 9 hours of continuous screaming, I called him. This was to be fourth child circumcized, so I realized this was abnormal. He basically said that it was going to be painful, and that it was normal. Instict told me it was NOT! I found out that the tip of the penis was strangulating and he was unable to urinate. He was sent by ambulance to Primary Children's Hospital where they removed the string and plastibel from his enormously swollen penis! He is now 20 months old (uncircumcised) things are still not right. We have moved from the state now, but this doctors license needs revoked! I am thankful that the damage wasn't worse, if I had listened to him, there would have been permanent nerve damage. I am not the type to file a law suit, but it should have been done! Just be aware! 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	Dr. Weiss is an excellent doctor and surgeon.  I was so pleased with him and the surgery he did on me.  If I ever need surgery again, I will definitely request his services.  I am confident in his abilities and recommend him to anyone needing surgery of any kind. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	No one can find a better, more diligent, honest, and caring surgeon ANYWHERE.  Never coerces, always explains in great depth, keeps up with all the latest, communicates back to my internist.  He is almost too good to be true.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
87	1	Dr. Weiss is a UNIQUE doctor. Logan, Utah is very fortunate to have a doctor of his expertise in such a small deomgraphic area.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
87	1	Dr. Weiss is a skillful and careful surgeon with excellent judgement who is much more concerned with patient well-being than he is about money. I would trust him with my life because I know that he would either provide me with the best care possible or refer me to someone who could provide that care. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Dr. Whiting and his staff are very patient and very helpful. I akways feel comfortable in their office and I fully trust their opinions. They are easy to talk to and I always feel they truly care about my son. I absolutely love this pediatrician. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	-1	HE WAS VERY VERY RUDE TO OTHER CLINIC STAFF. WOULDNT LISTEN TO WHAT THEY HAD TO SAY. 	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	I have used Dr. Whiting for my two sons since birth.  The staff is friendly and helpful and the office is neat and clean.  Dr. Whiting is kind and patient and answers any and all questions. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	I have seen her for four years for migraines. The first appointment was satisfying because she understands migraines better than anyone else I've paid to listen to me.She had no front office bimbos with big hair that take your blood pressure. She gives you one on one time.She told me that she learns more from patients about headaches by seeing them one on one.She also expects you to take responsibility for your condition (most doc's don't do this) so many would not feel as &quot;taken care of&quot; by her.I have referred many different clients to her.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
89	1	I'm surprised at the negative ratings.  I think she likes to completely hear what your symptons are without hearing self proscribed treatment and diagnosis. Other than that, I apprecated her attention to detail and thoroughness. I also found her to be surprisingly empathetic with regards to my migraines. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	-1	Rude and condescending.  Has the worst repoire with patients ever.  Brought my son in for a seizure disorder and when I asked her a question she told me to make a separate appointment if I wanted her to answer. She constantly types on her computer during appointments and is just not a nice woman.  She should only be allowed to do research on rats. Would not recommend her to Satan.  	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	-1	I agree with all of the above.  She might be knowledgeable but you would never know it due to her demeanor.  She is condescending and very hesitant to answer questions.  She doesn't seem to care or take any interest in her patients and how they might be feeling.  She has zero bedside-manner and truly, lacks compassion.  I would not recommend her.  A small plus is that her support staff person – Berdene – is very helpful and pleasant. 	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
89	-1	Words can't describe how bad of a provider Dr. Williams is.  I have never been cut off and spoken down to more in my life.  I realize she's trying to get to the point but people are humans, not robots.  I tried going to her a few times as I though maybe she was in a bad mood the previous attempts.  It only got worse.  I will never return.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
89	-1	I went to Dr. Williams for 8 months of frustration. At one appointment I actually cried on her desk and said I couldn't go on living that way. She ignored my mention of possible suicide. At my last appointment I said I wanted to go back on the med that had worked before but she insisted we try yet another medication and it disagreed with me (like all before it.) I quickly took myself off it and went back on the aforementioned med and I'm doing better now. Gonna look elsewhere for help with migraines.  	4	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	-1	I just visited Dr. Dorothy Williams office yesterday & am very sorry that I didn't research her first before I went. HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE experience! If there's a rating of 0 here, I would give her that. She is very rude & arrogant & didn't listen to me when I was talking; always cutting me off & made me feel like I was stupid. Whenever i asked her something she looked annoyed. Pls do yourselves a favor & dont go to her office. ABSOLUTE WASTE OF TIME, MONEY & EFFORT. I'm finding myself another doctor! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
89	-1	Had a terrible experience with this doctor.  She did not listen to what I had to say, and is very condescending.  My appointment was brief, even though she was late.  She said that we didn't have much time which was surprising to me, considering that she did not address my issue, which is still unresolved.  I felt terrible after leaving her office.   I would not recommend this doctor. 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
89	-1	What a waste of time.  Spent months running test after test.  Horrible bedside manner but decided to dismiss it assuming she knew what she was doing.  Then after all the tests, referred me to a specialist in an area completely unrelated to my symptoms.  Obviously didn't listen to a word I said.  Can't begin to describe how upset I am at the waste of time and effort spent with this &quot;doctor&quot;. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	He was great almost died ,but thanks to him and the staff after one month and a 90 lb weight loss I felt great. the view fom the bed out the windows was great. I was admitted after collasping at the flying J in Saint George ut, I am from Wi. and have never recieved the care I had in St. George, ut.  Again thank every one ....DanDalbec 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	We love Dr. Warner.  He spends time with you and is caring. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	He is the most amazing and knowledgeable health care provider I have ever been to.He is so thorough.  Words can not describe what Gary Whitley can do to improve your health. There is nobody on this planet that does what he does.  I travel all the way from Mesa AZ to Salt Lake City with my children to have him help us.  My daughter had asthma and with Gary Whitley's help she is now asthma free and didn't use any drugs or inhalers to get rid of it. Its a shame that people trust the AMA when it comes to their health.  All you need is Gary Whitley. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	Dr. Weeks is a awesome Dr. He takes the time to listen to all my concerns. He is very friendly and is sincerely concerned about all my healthcare needs. All 4 of kids now see him and they think he's totally awesome! Would recommend him to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
93	1	Excellent experience from start to finish. Had cataract surgery.  Seeing 20/20 in two days after surgery. Would highly recommend Dr. Wallin to anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
94	-1	Her main concern seemed on getting my son outta her care cause of his insurance provider. Her family counseling was laughable at best. she was rude, didnt listen to the problem and i have been cut off less in rush hour traffic. I really see no point in attending her sessions, as you will be cut short and all you will get is a &quot;know it all&quot; attitude. SHE thinks SHE knows about your family issues problems and solutions. I i could give an 1/8 a star i would 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
94	-1	Was completely rude, gave my child incorrect information. Was completely unhelpful with what we were asking for, and we ended up going to another doctor, but she still charged our insurance a ton of money for the short and unhelpful visit! She was short, and almost mean to our child.  our child asked to not have to see her again! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
94	-1	This MD is very anti-home school.  When we refused to send our child to public school to &quot;help&quot; their anti-social behavior, Sandy become unprofessionally rude.  Our child reports that Sandy told them that their problems were probably our fault.  If undermining parental authority isn't unethical in the Mental Health profession, it should be. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	Dr White is the kind of caring and dedicated medical professional that everyone hopes to have. His focus is always his patient, not his next appointment, or a lunch break, or chit chatting with someone. He seeks get to know each of his patients, the illness, possible underlying and interconnected problems, that we may not even notice. He cares for both the physical and emotional well being of his patients and doesn't just quickly prescribe something textbook before really understanding the  person's own problem. He has helped with a difficult illness, and has been personable, knowledgable and respectful, professional at all times. I recommend him with full confidence. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	0	Dr. White is very nice and gentle. 	4	1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	He is so kind, and the staff is amazing! I had several miscarriages before I had my son. He is such a compassionate person. He gave us hope. He makes you feel like you are his only patient.  I will have him as my doctor for all of my kids! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
96	1	Dr. Watabe was not my regular doctor but he ended up delivering my baby because my doctor was out of town.  I loved him!  He was so courteous and friendly and he helped me be as comfortable as I could when delivering.  He treated my husband and I, along with the hospital nurses with respect.  I would go back to him again.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
96	1	I didn't have Dr. Watabe as my OB, but he was a doctor at my OB office and happened to be the one to deliver my second baby. Everything went well, he really knew what he was doing. Dr. Watabe also informed me on what was going on so that I could be involved and make decisions for myself. Very kind and I would recommend from the positive experience I had with him.  	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	I love Doctor Watabe! I trust him completely. He just delivered my first baby via c-section. He recommended a c-section but let me decide what I wanted to do. I took his advice, and it was a good thing I did; my baby would've torn me apart, and I was thankful for his foresight. Extremely competent and very caring, I would recommend him to everyone! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	Dr. Watabe is the BEST! There is absolutely no comparison between him and my first OB. He is so caring and kind, and really listens to you. He was not even on call when I went into labor(As he had just returned from vacation the night before),and he came in to do my C-section. I don't know about you but I don't know to many doctors who would do that. I love him as a doctor. Actually the whole legacy office is GREAT. You won't find a better doctor! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	Dr. Watabe is the best doctor I have ever been to!  I'm the type of person who gets VERY nervous about seeing doctors, but not with him.  Dr. Watabe genuinely cares about his patients.  He was very informative, yet left decisions up to me and my husband during pregnancy, labor, and delivery. Dr. Watabe totally put me at ease.  Also, my husband came to every appointment with me during the pregnancy, and he thought Dr. Watabe was great too.  He always took the time to answer questions, including my husband's.  I have moved an hour away, but he's so good I'm considering going to him again when we decide to have another child...he's that good. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	Love, love, LOVE this doctor and the whole office staff. For every urgent question I've had, a nurse calls me back within 15 minutes. For every non-urgent question, I still get a call back within an hour or two. They are very knowledgeable and considerate. Dr. Watabe is great. Calm and efficient. You're in, he answers your questions, and you're out. No wasting time (in a good way). The office is nice and clean. I even loved the u/s tech. I have been to other OB's that I liked, but no one compares. AND I'm pregnant with twins, and they've been more than helpful and able to deal with any issues :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	0	I went to Dr. Watabe after TTC for 1 1/2 years. My 1st appointment he made me feel very hopeful and we talked through a game plan. First he put me on clomid before any testing(blood work would have been a start). When I wasn’t pregnant after 3 months he asked me,“What do you want to do now&#63;” My thought was,“Isn’t that why I’m paying you&#63;” So we decided to run some tests(semen analysis,HSG test.)When the results came back normal he was confused and again asked me what I wanted to do. He decided to put me on clomid for 3 more months. When I still wasn’t pregnant he gave up and sent me to a fertility specialist. I understand that he can’t help everyone get pregnant but it just seemed like he didn’t really know what he was doing. I’ve learned a lot since I’ve been to him and the more I think about it the less I’m impressed. If you decide to go to him for infertility issues make sure you are more educated than I was so that when he asks you “What do you want to do now&#63;” you have an answer. 	2	1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	Dr. Watabe is hands down amazing!!! He is easy to talk to, and after having seen other doctors who couldn't explain (or didn't care to explain) my 2 miscarriages within one year, Dr. Watabe tested me, found the solution, and here I am, 8 months pregnant!!! I would reccomend him to anyone. He never makes you feel silly for asking questions and is a genuinely kind person. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	-1	YIKES.  I am the father of a patient this guy.  Three days ago my daughter was rushed to American Fork after her water broke at 3AM, she delivered 11 hours later at 2PM. Oh yeah, this is FIVE WEEKS EARLY.  This guy never showed up.  Never called.  Still hasn't called three days later.  So Beware fathers, husbands and ladies..... having a guy give you instructions and showing up during normal work hours at his office is good. And expected of ANYONE..... but NOT to be there in an emergency situation with 11 hours notice.....NOT TO SHOW UP.....for me as my daughters father... this is UNFORGIVABLE, UNPROFESSIONAL and UNCONSCIONABLE.  AND...Here we are three days later... no interest, no calls, nothing from his office to my daughter... she had to call his office to set up another appointment.  Why would he not even call her to see how she is doing.  My new granddaughter is in great hands at Primary Children's Hospital.  But my daughter still has to deal with &quot;the guy who didn't even call.&quot; 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	I love Dr. Watabe I have had 5 pregnancys in 6 years and so I have been through a few drs that dont compare.  Dr.  Watabe still cares was the number difference we actually caught him on camera running from his office accross the street at full speed to get to the hospital to deliver my baby 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
96	1	Wasn't my doctor, but he assisted in my emergency c-section and did my follow up visits in the hospital. He is VERY nice and genuinely cared about me. If Dr. Jones wasn't also fabulous I would switch doctors! But I get them both in the same practice. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	I went to Dr. Watabe for the first time today and WOW!  What a breath of fresh air!  I had gone to a different Dr. about infertility and I can't believe the difference!  First of all the reception area was curteous, helpful, and quick.  Dr. Watabe took his time with me and listened and took notes and asked questions.  He put together a game plan and helped me understand it very well and really put my mind at ease.  He was very positive and reassuring.  I can't believe I had gone to a different Dr. , he was THAT good!  I HIGHLY recommend him!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
96	1	Dr. Watabe delivered my last baby and everything was great, I am pregnant again and will go to him for this pregnancy also.  He was always so helpful and happy to answer any of my questions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
96	1	Hes wonderful! I had a small tumor and he gave me all the information I needed, hes also very kind and easy to talk to. I highly reccomend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	So far so good.  He has been very thorough, following up for me with the oncologist he referred me to.  I have never had a better doctor and hope that I will get pregant.  when I do, he will be my first choice. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	-1	Absolutely hated him.  Glad he switched out of my dr.s office. 	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	Dr.Watabe was wonderful. He is very personable and always answered my questions thoroughly. He talked me through my delivery,letting me know what he was doing and why (which I appreciated). He was fantastic, I can't say enough good about him, he is definitely the doctor I want to have for all of my children. The staff was great as well, I really enjoyed talking to the nurses.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
96	1	I saw him for my pregnancy and he always anwsered all of my questions and took so much time with me, and never made me feel rushed. The delivery went great. What a great doctor. He is actually at Legacy OBGYN now. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	Dr. Watabe is one of the best Doctor's I've ever been to. And believe me, I've been to alot! My husband and I tried and tried for over a year to have a baby, and every other doctor ignored all of our questions/concerns and did not run one test! As soon as I went to Dr. Watabe, he did not waste any time and ran every test possible within 2 visits, had me take an Hysterosalpingogram (HSG) test, and the very next month I became pregnant!!! He is wonderful and I recommend him to everyone. He listens to everything I have to say, and his calm, reassuring personality put me at ease. He the BEST!!! He has a HIGH fertility success rate because he's very thorough. I will only go to him now. So go see him!!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	Dr Watabe never brushed off any of my pregnancy concerns or questions like my previous OB. He was very attentive and extremely knowledgable. I ended up having a c section and he was very calm and laid back about the whole thing and it helped keep us calm. I will go to him again and I strongly recommend him. 	 11/16/06		4	5	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	Dr. Watabe was a wonderful OB/GYN. He softened the anxieties that come with OB visits with his caring personality and went above and beyond his call of duty for my c-section. He helped to educate me on all options in regards to the birth of my baby, with the pros and cons to each choice, letting me make my own decisions. If I were to have another baby, I would definately choose to return to Dr. Watabe. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	Dr. Watabe is very focused on patient care and is very willing to answer questions and sit with you as long as you need. He works in a clinic with midwives and the doctors and midwives provide very complimentary care. He is also very gentle in his care. He is by far the best OB-GYN I have had and I would recommend him to anybody! He also does very well in fertility treatments and helping couples succeed. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	Dr. White and his staff are very kind and knowledgeable. Dr. White answers all my questions and I didn't feel rushed. His staff spent a long time getting a procedure approved for me and didn't seem put out about doing it. I would recommend Dr. White to my friends and family. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	0	Staff was very rude, unsympathetic, and seemed like they had a hearts made of stone.  No one there should be in any type of medical position with an uncaring attitude like that. 	1	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
98	-1	This doctor did not introduce himself or even look at me upon entering the exam room. He went immediately to the x-ray viewer and spent 5+ min. accusing me of wearing gold jewelry that ruined his x-ray - that is until he finally turned around to observe that in actuality his technician neglected to advise me to remove my zippered sweatshirt for the x-ray (so instead he began yelling at her down the hall). When I informed him that I had adult onset Type 1 diabetes, he insisted that only young kids can be diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes and that I was surely uninformed about my chronic disease. When I expressed concerns about going under general anesthesia due to potential low blood sugar complications and asked him what precautions he might take, his response was &quot;we'll book you early in the morning.&quot; (I still have no idea what was meant by this remark). Despite the unprofessional experience, I have been unapologetically harassed by his staff to pay a consultation fee!! 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	Dr. Walker is an awesome doctor.  He is very compasionate and does not rush you out the door.  He takes time to listen. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	I love Dr. Weipert! He was my pediatrician  as a child and is now my kid's Dr. I have never had more than a 10 minute wait to get in and they can always get your child in that day. The nurses are so friendly and helpful. Dr. Weipert gives amazing medical advice as well as excellent advice on behavior, development, potty training, etc... The thing I appreciate the most is that he treats every child as if they are his most special patient. He loves to talk to the kids and really listens to them. My kids are 5 and 7 and love to go to see him.  His office is very clean and brand new! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	1	Dr. Weipert has a friendly and professional staff.  He is very knowledgeable and likeable.  You can tell he loves being a pediatric doctor.  I highly recommend him.  One thing that I thought was clever was when my kids needed shots for school.  He told them they needed shots but they had a choice of the little needle that hurts a little bit or the bit needle that hurts a lot.  After my kids said they wanted the little needle, he told the nurse to use the little needle.  The kids expected a little pain but feel better because they didn't have to get the big needle.  After the shots, Dr. Weipert's staff gave the kids words of encouragement along with a lolipop, stickers, and a toy. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	Dr. Weipert has seen my son since he was born and was in the level II nursery. He has had many problems since then including Aspbergers. Dr. Weipert has been such a huge help. He is understanding and extremely knowledgable. I am very impressed and plan to take my future kids to him as well. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	He is WONDERFUL! He is efficent, but not at the expense of properly caring for his little patients! He's great.  I would recommend him to anyone! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	1	He was our son's pediatrician at the hospital when he was born.  Our son had some complications at birth, and Dr. Weipert kept us informed on what was going on every step of the way.  He would even call us when we weren't at the hospital to let us know what to expect for our son that day.  He was very kind, very knowledgable, and really cared.  I have referred several of my friends and family members to him, and they are all as happy with him as we are. 	3	3	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
