dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	 Very nice, doctor, explained every step of the procedure the first time I went in.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	commentsSpends a lot of time explaining the problem.  His injections are also very painless and quick.  Great bedside manner! Paid/Co-pay:$50	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	 He makes you very comfortable.  He is personable and knowledgeable and explains everything well.  I felt a lot better about my eyes after talking with him about my problems.  His staff is very helpful and attentive to my needs.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
8	1	commentsI would not go to anyone else for cosmetic surgery. Dr. Ralston is very professional and knowledgeable when it comes to his specialty. He removed a sun scar from my temple and there is no trace of it ever being there and no scar. He has a warm and friendly bedside manner and made me feel comfortable the entire time. He has a great reputation in this area and it is well deserved.  I was a bit worried when looking for a surgeon and he was recommended to me by a close friend. I was very happy with my choice.  The staff was friendly from the moment I walked in the door and remained so even when things became busy. If you are looking for cosmetic surgery give his office a call. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	commentsRalston did my breast augmentation and they turned out lopsided. He would not fix them without my having to pay again. I am stuck with lopsided boobs. Paid/Co-pay:$3500	4	4	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	commentsDr. Ralston is awesome!  I had a breast augmentation with him.  His staff are super attentive and very helpful.  I felt like I was in really good hands.  Dr. Ralston takes a lot of time with his patients and answers all questions.  His staff was very prompt with replying to emails.  I would go to him with anything I need in the future.  I know I've had excellent results from my surgery because I chose Dr. Ralston 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	commentsBest Dr. out there! Dr Ralston is amazing very professional. He has preformed two surgeries for me and both turned out Amazing! I'll be back to him when i need something else. i highly recommend him to all. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	commentsVery pleased with my results. I Had breast augmentation in 2005 and Lipo the 1st of Oct. I live in another state and I never had a post op appointment, I never felt like I needed one. If I had and questions, all I had to do was call, or send them a picture/email and they would respond as soon as they could. I love my results and would recommend him to everyone! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	commentsI have had 4 different surgeries over the last 8 years from Dr. Ralston and I am very pleased with the results. He is not only knowelgeable, but has a wonderful bedside manner of making you feel very comfortable. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	comments Paid/Co-pay:$3500		1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
12	0	commentsNeeds to treat local patients with amount of care he is giving to Hatians.  He obviously care but that does not come through when you see him. 	5	5	2	4	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	 Doctor was NOT patient advocate. I felt that he did not believe me. I felt like it was him vs. me. He was not helpful.  	5	5	1	3	Insurance:Workers Comp
15	1	commentsHe listened and worked with me to find the proper diagnosis. He is tapering off anxiety meds and soon I think I can me med free 	3	4	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	commentsThe front office staff was slow, and didn't seem to know what they were doing. The dr. Came in with a frown and acted bothered we were there, then turned me and my autistic son away unwilling to help treat him. I am very unsatisfied and shocked a pediatric doctor would act this way! 	2	5	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	commentsI took my 18 year old daughter in to have her wisdom teeth taken out and I was very impressed with the Dr.. She calmed her fears of the procedure. Everything went smooth. I recommend South Ogden Dental to all my family and friends. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	commentsAbove the curve in care.  Dr. Raemisch did a procedure in a new way on my CMC joint that saved me months of healing and therapy.  Two other doctors would have put me in a cast for 12 weeks with 12 weeks of therapy.  I was working pretty normally in 6 weeks. He has treated my tendonitis in office and I am back up to speed quickly again.  I am very pleased with how up to date on medical practices and best practices for his patients that Dr. Raemisch is.  He is very kind and compassionate and so smart.  My hands are problems, so I will be back to see him when they act up.  He's a great doctor. 	4	3	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
36	0	commentsNothing like a two hour wait for your 20 minutes with the good doctor. I would not recommend this doctor to anyone.... 	1	1	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	 Dr. Rasmussen is on the leading edge of othopedic technology. He is personable, devoid of ego trips and spends the time necessary to make his patients feel that he really does care.  He is a rare find! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
36	1	comments 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	commentsBest Doctor in Blanding. He was extremely helpful and cared greatly for the people of Blanding and the surrounding town. He will be greatly missed. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
38	-1	 No followup on testing could never get results.  	2	1	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	-1	commentsDr. Raymond’s arrogance and lack of professionalism resulted in our son not getting the advanced care he needed and going blind.  If a law suit would bring back sight we would have sued him. Sense that time not even a question of “how is he doing” has been offered. 	3	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	.  Very good surgeon and eye specialist 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
43	1	 I love Dr. Rappleye, he and his staff are very friendly and knowledgeable, I have always felt comfortable and welcome.  He also has a very quirky sense of humor, that I enjoy and this being my first pregnancy I really appreciate that.  I would definitely recommend him to others.   I would agree that sometimes it takes a while to see him but I take it as a good sign that so many others love him too! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$1400
43	-1	 In 2001 I told Dr. Rappleye I wanted my prolapsed uterus pulled up.  He recommended a hysterectomy instead.  I  also had a fibroid tumor in my uterus but later found out it could’ve been removed through laser surgery.  After recovering, sex did not feel near as good and still does not.  I joined hystersisters.com and talk with women that say this is why they had a supracervical laparoscopic surgery where you get to keep your cervix.  Sex without the cervix is not as good.  I then ask Dr. Rappleye why my cervix was removed and he said, “Marcia, all doctors in the U.S. remove the cervix with the uterus.”   Oh really Doctor!!! I go to  the yellow pages for a new doctor and there was a doctor advertising right there in a yellow page ad that he does the supracervical hysterectomy –it said “preserve your cervix.”  3 yrs ago I had to have my bladder put in a sling.  This is what you get when trusting your doctor instead of doing your research.     Marcia 	2	3	1	1	Insurance:CIGNA
43	0	commentsI used Dr. R for my 1st pregnancy. I saw him twice before my husband and I left the country for the majority of my pregnancy. I might have switched Dr.s had I known how bad he was going to be during the delivery. I think he is a really nice and kind man but as a doctor, he is over scheduled and the day I had my daughter, I was just a number. He poked his head in twice the entire labor and just as I reached dilation of 10 he looked at his watch irritatedly and said, &quot;Ugh, well we can deliver now but I have a surgery scheduled in 20 minutes so lets hurry.&quot; He seriously ripped her out so fast, no waiting, no patience. Earlier I had said I was afraid of the episiotomy so he just let me rip and said, &quot;Looks like you had your own episiotomy, huhuh.&quot; I had 3rd degree tearing and pain for 8 months because of that. After she was born, I didn't see him at all. VERY unimpressed, especially since I was a new mom. 	3	2	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	 Dr.Rappleye is a wonderful doctor. One of my derest friend recommended him when my insurance no longer worked for my previous OBGYN, Dr.Katheryn Walker who is also a great doctor. He's very friendly and he recently delivered my baby. He was great at the hospital and I had a great time delivering my baby boy. I do appreciate my frined's referal and I'd strongly recomend him as well. His nurse, Holly is also very thorough and nice.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	 Doctor Rappleye was VERY helpful... We loved him. The entire experience was really streamlined and facilitated by his knowledge and bedside manner. He delivered my wife, and now has delivered our first child. I intend to go back to him for all of our children if he is still practicing. He is not always punctual, but he has alot of very loyal patients, and come on, its pregnancy...  they can deliver anytime, how do you plan a day around that&#63;! 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	 Dr. Rappleye has delivered three of our four sons.  He was leaps and bounds better than our first OB and has a very funny (tactful) sense of humor.  He just delivered our twins four weeks ago and did a fantastic job in doing so.  We were going to switch insurance and he was not going to be in our network and my wife would have none of it even though we don't know if we are going to have any more children.  We would recommend him to everyone.  My aunt is a charge nurse at the new IMC (labor and delivery) and says that he is really good.  He takes the time to explain anything and hasn't been in too much of a hurry for us.  We know several other families that used him before we switched and everyone of them had nothing but good to say about him.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Wellpoint
43	1	commentsDr. Rappleye was great!  He made me feel very comfortable and always took the time to talk to me and made sure that all of my questions were answered.  I would highly recommend him to anyone! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	commentsI moved on, he was nice but I seemed like a number.  He was good at what he did but I like to feel important. The office was helpful and He took time to answer questions but always seemed in a hurry. 	4	5	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	commentsLiterally, saved my baby. Would highly recommend him to family and friends. 	3	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	 I absolutley love Dr. Rappleye he has delivered all 4 of my kids and was very helpful through every pregnancy. He has always taken great care of me and made me feel very comfortable. I refer everyone to him. And everyone thats gone to him that I know has felt the same way.  		4	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
43	1	commentsExcellent bedside manner. Extremely competent. Comfortable and fast exam. 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	commentsAt first he was good, then he decided one pregnancy for me was enough. He wouldn't discuss it any further. I was very disapointed in him. 		2	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	commentsHe was very good at what he did when he wanted to be. He made you feel very comfortable. I went to him throughout my whole preganancy and I guess I just expected him to review my whole file before my appointment so I didn't have to remind him about what was going on. Other than that all the questions I asked he gave an answer for. Paid/Co-pay:$700		4	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	 Nicole is the best medical professional I've associated with.  I had been to several other dermatologists and none seemed to really care all that much about my problem.  They would just do whatever was standard procedure and send me on my way.  Nicole actually cared about me and would go the extra mile to make sure I received the treatment I needed.  I highly recommend her, she is very thorough.  	4	3	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
53	1	 I was pleased with the visit, and the doctor.  The nurses and desk people seemed nice too.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$15
57	1	 Our family doctor referred us to Dr. Ralston when we noticed autistic-like developmental delays in our son. He recommended that we get him into our school districts early intervention program since he didn't really fit the bill for &quot;autistic&quot;. He also gave us other suggestions which we implemented. We noticed changes immediately.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
57	1	commentsDr. Ralston and his staff are wonderful. Dr. Ralston is an experience Peds Physician who cares about the children that come into his care. My wife and I had concerns that our son had autism. Dr. Ralston helped us understand how we could work with him to help his speech delay without &quot;labeling&quot; him. Our son is doing great and Dr. Ralston has been a great support. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	commentsDR.Rapp is the best doctor. I have been dealing with bipolar disorder all my life and he is the only one who dealt with me Accurately and Respectfully! Paid/Co-pay:$20	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	 Dr. Rawlings and Dr. Peterson are extremely knowledgeable and experienced in chiropractic, as well as nutrition.   They helped me so much with my back and neck pain, as well as providing supplements for my general health!  I would recommend them to anyone@  CRT is amazing! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
74	0	commentsI was a patient of Dr Rahaniotis as a child and last saw her was I was 17, about 7 years ago. As a patient I liked her. Granted I usually only saw her a few times a year for strep throat and the stomach flu. As a healthcare professional I am less than impressed. Her behind the scenes attitude leaves much to be desired, cutting you off, flipping out before help can be offered, and just being downright rude. 	3	3	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
74	-1	commentsShe was very unprofessional, condescending, and rude. She did not want to partner in my child's care and was not open to even hearing what/how our baby was doing.  Instead she used fear tactics and threats to scare us into doing it her way and to shut us (the parents) up.  She was dismissive, did not ever have time for questions.  She was very inconsistent and would change what she had told us to do from appointment to appointment. I had pre-interiewed her prior to the arrival of my child and received friend recommendations.  I would NOT under any circumstance recommend her.  She is very dangerous considering the fact she is working with newborns and post delivery moms. 	4	4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	commentsShe is a wonderful physician. She has been my childrens doctor since I had my first daughter 7 years ago. She is very kowledgable and friendly. She truly cares for her patients. 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	commentsShe has been my daughter's pediatrician since her birth.  She is an amazing doctor.  She actually caught my daughter's heart murmur at 6 months which was actually a symptom of a heart condition that could've turned fatal if not caught.  She is warm and friendly and my daughter loves her.  I highly recommend her! 	4	2	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
74	-1	commentsShe's been our Doctor for the last 3 years. This Doctor is quick to write a prescription rather then looking at the entire picture and/or medical history. I wouldn't recommend his doctor; in fact, we're looking for somebody else. 	4	5	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	commentsShe is a wonderful doctor and very, very caring.  I couldn't ask for a better doctor for my child. I feel she is the BEST!!! We love her!!!  I highly recommend her.! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	 Dr Ramirez is an amazingly skilled doctor.  Her work has been precise and on target.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
78	1	 He is a great dentist.  Very personable.  After doing major procedures in the office he calls at home to make sure everything is good.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
87	1	 I have been seeing Dr Rawlin for two years.  The muscle activation therapy has been very helpful in avoiding shoulder surgery.  	5	2	4	5	Insurance:AHC
87	-1	commentsI am having Back pain and sins i never been there he will see me in 9 days, wow what a service, next time when i feel good i will visit all doctors in my area,(Just have to see who will pay for this) so i will not be a new customer, i guess pain has no meaning to doctors ... 	4	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	commentsHe just had something about him that made him shine as a true and honest doctor. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
89	-1	commentsDr. R. Richard Rasmussen scheduled mastectomy surgery, chemotherapy and radiation when not necessary and when patient refused chemotherapy and radiation.  I would never recommend this doctor. 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	commentsMy daughter is 2 and Dr. Ramsey has been her pediatrician since birth.  His staff is amazing.  If my daughter ever needs to be seen right away they always make sure to get her in.  I never wait longer than 3 minutes in the waiting area.  Dr. Ramsey and his nurse Julie are very knowledgable. If I have questions Dr. Ramsey is always ready to ask them.  He doesn't try to rush through our well checkups.  He always takes the time to talk to my daughter and to answer questions or inform me of different things.  Sandy(receptionist) is one of the most friendly people I have ever met.  My daughter loves all of them.  I am so glad that I chose Dr. Ramsey to be my daughters doctor. He is truly the best!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	commentsDr. Reading is a great doctor. I think you would be hard pressed to find someone so caring after surgery. It was nice to see a smiling face when you are in such pain. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	commentsI have been very pleased with Dr. Rasmussen. I have had a number of basal cell skin cancers on my face which he has removed with no visible scars.  He is thorough in my skin checks, and is always polite, respectful, and pleasant. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	 I just saw Dr. Rasmussen for the first time. My office visit was great. He has a very friendly staff and is very thorough. He took care of my problem and made it a painless experience! I am also sending my mom into see him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
95	1	 Dr. Rasmussen is always very thorough when I come in to the office for my regular skin checks. When I do have a new growth that I am worried about, he gets me in the office soon and puts me at ease. The surgeries that he has done on my look great. You can't hardly tell anything was done even if you look close. All of my family sees Dr. Rasmussen and their families.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	 Too bad he's not avaialbe anymore.  I was very happy with his approach and interest in finding solutions that would work.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
97	1	 I like Dr. Rada.  He actually fully listens and tries his best to help his patients. He is respectful, never condescending. His office staff also has always been nice - I don't understand any negative comments about them.  I like that Dr. Rada is willing to try new things to help his patients.  My only complaint about him is that he just seemed to have given up on finding the answer to my problem after a number of referrals and tests did not yield an answer.  My message to Dr.  Rada:  Don't give up on a patient and don't consider a patient to be a hypochondriac just because specialists and tests have not arrived at a diagnosis!! Symptoms are real!! Keep trying!! 	5	5	5	4	Insurance:HumanaPaid/Co-pay:$15
97	1	commentsDr Rada will explain things to me in a way that I can understand.  He will give me his professional opinion and when I ask his personal opinion.  He makes sure that I understand what my options are then lets me make my own choice.  He is open to alternative options in medicine.  I would readily recommend him to all. 	1	1	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	commentsHE IS THE MOST WONDERFUL DOCTOR I HAVE EVER SEEN HE KNOWS HIS STUFF. HE TAKES TIME WITH YOU. HIS FRONT OFFICE STAFF IS AWFUL THEY ARE SO RUDE AND DONT CARE ABOUT ANYONE THEY SUCK 	1	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	commentsMy insurance, PEHP, is not listed as an option.  Dr. Rada is the best.  I'm twice his age; may he by my M.D. until I expiere! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	 THIS MAN IS UNBELIEVABLE, HE IS A FRIEND, AND TREATS ME WITH RESPECT.  I STARTED WITH HIM WHEN A DR TALKED DOWN TO ME, AND MADE ME FEEL TERRIBLE.  I HAVE MULTIPLE HEALTH PROBLEMS, AND HIS KNOWLEDGE IS FANTASTIC.  THE PEOPLE WHO COMPLAIN ABOUT THE WAITING TIME HAVE FORGOTTEN ABOUT THE TIME HE SPENT WITH THE PACIANT., AND THE ONES HE SEES BECAUSE OF EMERGENCIES.  I HAVE HAD QUITE A FEW DRS, BUT NONE MORE CARING AND GREAT IN EVERY WAY.  THE REASON HE IS SO BUSY IS THAT HIS PRACTICE HAS BEEN EXPANDED BY WORD OF MOUTH AS TO HOW GOOD HE IS.  I TRULY APPRECIATE THE WAY THAT HE IS CONCERNED ANS GOES THE EXTRA MILE.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
97	1	 If you can ignore the indifferent staff and get to Dr Rada, he is outstanding.  He is caring and treats you as a person and not just a patient.  He is one of the best I have ever been to.  	2	3	4	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$15
97	0	commentsI have had skin cancer before, and the markings are coming back on the scar where my previous skin cancer was, and Rada needs to conduct a biopsy. I have been re-scheduled 3 times. Its like he does not care about a concerned patient. I may have cancer, but he has to leave early on the days his people schedule me. 	2	1	2	4	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	 Dr. Rada was wonderful to visit with and very personable...once you got to him. I've never waited for less than an hour and the office seems to be somewhat chaotic.  	3	1	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
97	1	commentsDr. Rada is very good. He is knowledgable, considerate, takes the time to listen, and explains things so they are understood. His front office staff is a joke! They are rude, self-absorbed, slow, disrespectful, and could care less if you are waiting. We waited 30 minutes for a blood draw--saw people walk in from the outside go before us before I finally asked the person at the desk (after having to interrupt her from her personal chit-chat with another employee) why we were still waiting, to which she said, &quot;oops, just a minute,&quot; then blamed the technician, saying, &quot;she is a fill-in and doesn't know the procedure.&quot; Come to find out, the person at the desk had put my file face down on the counter instead of in the slot with the other files, and the tech hadn't seen it there. Go for the good doctor, but be prepared to have to fight the front office staff to get back to see him! Paid/Co-pay:$25	1	3	5	4	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	commentsAfter taking my son and college athlete to see two specialists for severe back pain, I took him to see Mark Rada. He spent over an hour with us, diagnosed the problem (a broken piece of bone pushing on the spinal cord), and recommended surgical treatment by a nurosurgeon. Dr. Rada turned my son's health and life around. Great doctor. 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	commentsDr Rada listens to his patients as good as any doctor now days. He is more open to homoepathic ideas than the norm and is happy to work with a patient who wants to include supplimentation in their life. Good diabetes MD. Not afraid of medicine, but not a pill happy MD either. Great balance, I am very happy with him and I am quite the picky dude. 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	 Best Doctor in the State of UT. Caring, Knows what the heck he is doing.  		4	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$15
97	1	 What a great Dr. Quick and is willing to spend the needed time to make sure you are comfortable and understand everything that is going on. Two thumbs up in my book.  		5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
97	1	 Very personable and talks to you like a normal person.  Great doctor! 		4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$15
97	1	commentsWonderful Dr. Very personable. Does not make you feel he is hurrying you through. Answers all questions. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
