dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
3	1	 I love Dr Gardner, he is the best  dentist we ever had.  Because of our insurance change, we had to get a new dentist. We whished he was still our dentist.  He always takes time to explain and make sure the work is done well. My kids love him too. He has even called us in the past after a more &quot;surgery&quot; to make sure we were ok.  Definitely the best! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
6	1	commentsI have spent much time with Dr. Gardner and I believe he is one of the smartest people alive!  Dr. Gardner truly is compassionate and a class individual! The epitome of professionalism and integrity.     One hundred Percent accurate Diagnosis, he was deeply concerned that I receive the help I needed.  Brilliant and caring, most highly recommended.  Thank you Dr. Gardner 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	commentsVery friendly staff and great service.  Really good Dentist, and gentle. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	commentsHe has done 4 angiograms on me &amp; placed 7 stents. He is very very bright &amp; is one of the best at what he does. I feel absolutely safe &amp; comfortable in his hands as he has saved my life at least twice. You can't find better! 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	commentsThis was my first visit to Dr. Ganellen after being referred to him by my regular doctor who by the way had open heart surgery by Dr. Ganellen. I went to see this doctor as I have been having palpitations for several months and they are getting worse. When I arrived I waited for 35 minutes before being called back. Then another 10 minutes in the exam room. Once Dr. Ganellen came into the exam room, he never introduced himself nor even attempted to shake my hand. He was very unfriendly and before I could explain why I was there, his assistant interrupted and he had to leave. The next thing I knew, his assistant came in and said, &quot;the doctor wants an EKG&quot;. I had it done and left to sit and wait some more. When the doctor came back I asked if he could explain the EKG to me but he never got around to it. He never listened to my heart while there and I was given a 24 hr. holter monitor but never got the results. My BP was 172/109 but he didn't seem to care. I wouldn't recommend him. 	3	2	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	comments 	5	2	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	commentsDr. Gagner is a very nice doc. She is friendly, compassionate, helpful and very professional. I recommend her. We loved having her as our family pediatrician and we are sad that we have to go to another one because of insurance change. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	 I would recommend Dr. Gagner to any family with small children.  She is attentive, caring, and compassionate.  I especially appreciate her knowledge and wonderful bedside manner with both the child and the parents.  Dr. Gagner is a top notch medical professional and she would score the highest marks from our family.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
20	1	 Best local Doctor in his field.  Takes time to know his patients and remembers all about them. His knowledge of medicine and people is unsurpassed.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
20	1	.  Excellent knowledge base and great bedside manner, he is the best internist in the valley 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	.  Excellent physician, Staff is always very efficient their jobs (fast) 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	-1	commentsIn March of 2001 I went to Dr. Thomas Garrison for a liver enzyme test, because a few week prior I was sexually assaulted at WSU. He asked me who was going to pay for it, and that he didn't perform that test in his ER even though a doctor in the same ER told me to come in for the test. Needless to say he asked me who was going to pay for the blood test and I said victims assistance and he then said &quot; Young lady it costs tax payers $ 500 for you to walk through that door and you are a waste of taxpayers money&quot; I decided that if he didn't take rape seriously and the care after a trumatic event...I didn't want him to take my blood. He treated me horribly and then had the nerve to bill me for services never rendered, which my father had to call the hospital about. He made a situation what was horrible for me, worse. If you are a victim of rape.. he is not the ER doctor to see..ask for another doctor.He should be ashamed of himself and I am even more appalled that this man is head of the ER 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	commentsI am a RN and familiar with standards of care. Felt Dr was very forceful, incorrect and out of line in initiating a forceful assessment. The findings made no sense and were incorrect. Other ER staff were very rude. Many errors occured. A terrible and shocking experience. 		3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	commentsI disagree with the negative ratings of Dr. Vikas Garg. My friend and I travel for more than 2 hours (from Pleasant Grove to Logan)just to see him. We feel that he's worth the trip because he's the best that we've found yet. We've done this trip multiple times for her neck pain. He and his staff have always been extremely helpful,knowledgable and caring. We keep returning becausee of these things, and because she receives considerable long-term relief from her pain every time. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	 I am 23 and suffered from back pain for 5 years due to an accident. Dr. Garg is the only &quot;pain management&quot; doctor in Cache Valley. I had three epidural steroid injections all of them didn't help at all. After each failed painful injection he said he would change the medication and that should help but nothing ever helped. I asked him what else we could do and he said that he couldn't help me anymore. He told me at my age I shouldn't have any pain. He won't listen to you and doesn't have a good bedside manner. It is worth it to find another doctor and travel to Salt Lake. The only thing Dr. Garg does is these injections, not &quot;pain management&quot;. There are other doctors out there that will explore many other options out there for you for pain relief. It is worth it to look outside of the valley. Don't waste your time with him.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$2000
29	-1	commentsDR Garge practices as a Pain Management specialist. His main (and only approach I am aware of) is epidural steriod injections. I spent two hours in his office with only 12-15 minutes with him and instantly his conclusion was epidural steriod injections and anti-depressant. He did not seem to be listening to anything I said, beware he appears to have his mind made up before even speaking to you! 		1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	comments 	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	 Appointment was over 30 min. late. Receptionist did not listen about billing BC/BC of Mass.so I received a bill 4 months latter for 20 minutes of his time and they still insisted they were right. Dr. couldn't even find the PSI report on the blood work. Offered not information about dealing with a hydrocele.  Was not impressed, not recommended! 	2	3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$298
40	-1	commentsPaid an insane amount of money, just for him to brush me off and tell me that my erectile problems were probably psychological. He knows little to nothing about hormones other than testosterone. Paid/Co-pay:$1600	2	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	commentsI really like Dr Gange.  Often times he is really busy and seems in a hurry , however, he will slow down and talk to me when I have concerns.  I have been seeing him for approximately 8 years.  He has kept my IC undercontrol.  I have had 2 surgeries with him and have had no complications and will be having another surgery next month for something different.  He does know his stuff, and is aware that he does.  But as long as he keeps me going I am happy. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	 This doctor did a prostatectomy on me nine years ago and I'm still suffering the consequences of his mistakes today. During the surgery he cut my colon in two places, on the size of a quarter. I ended up with a colostomy bag for a year. During the next three years I had nine procedures to correct his mistakes. Now after having a colonoscopy I find I have to have two more surgeries related to the placement of the colostomy bag. They had to use a pediatric scope to get through the restricted colon and are concerned about a blockage happening. Yes he rid me of cancer but he would not take any responsibility for the years of misery he caused due to his mistake. I would have to agree with the other comments, he is a very arrogant person who thinks he can do no wrong.  	1	2	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
40	-1	commentsDr. Gange seemed not to sure of himself and going more by what the referring doctor said.  He had me go through needless procedures, and got me worrying myself sick.  His staff was absolutely the rudest people I have ever had the mispleasure of dealing with. 	1	3	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	 He did my husband's vasectomy.  We now have a third child.  Happy to have the child now, but at the time had not planned anymore kids (obviously).  Had to have it redone a 2nd time and stupid us went back to him to redo it.  It was so uncomfortable.  This man is so arrogant.  Said it was his first time ever having to redo one.  But, I know someone else who also has a child after he did his vasectomy.  	1	3	1	2	Insurance:United Healthcare
40	1	 I cant believe all the bad comments about him. Although he asked me a lot of questions in my appointment, he didn't inform me a whole lot of what would happen, but the surgery went great and he was great to check on my in the hospital. He was also very wonderful with my family and kept in contact with my nurses while i was in the hospital after my surgery. The surgery went perfect and im looking forward to my appointments in the future. The only thing i regret is that my appointments were so quick and it was my fault i didn't ask him everything that was on my mind.  GREAT DOCTOR!!!!!! 	5	5	4	4	Insurance:United Healthcare
40	-1	 Horrible experience. Tells me I have cancer and has me watch a video that is totally unrelated to my situation. Left his office wondering if life was worth living. Got a second opinion with a careing doctor who gave me hope. Had the surgery several years ago and am happy and healthy today.  	3	4	1	1	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$20
40	-1	 His eyes lite up when he found cancer.  His only &quot;second&quot; opinion reference was to his own office.  Glad I left!  Other patients of his office I talked to had bad surgery's.  	3	5	1	2	Insurance:United Healthcare
40	-1	commentsThis staff was probably the rudest I have ever encountered.  I was not impressed with Dr. Gange either.  I would never step foot in this place again. 	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	 I feel he wouldn't listen to a thing I said. I made a real mistake having him do my surgery.  	3	3	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
40	-1	commentsDr. Gange DID NOT listen to me regarding my surgery today. I specifficaly asked for a pediatric stint after they went to take care of the kidney sone and he didn''t put one in. instead he gave me and adult stint and now I am peeing my pants and bleeding efery time. I have tried the adult stints in the past and have also had a bpedeatric stint put in. the only one i never had any problens with was the pedeatric one. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
40	0	commentsHe is a great doctor but just ask him! He is arrogant. He thinks he is god's gift to the world. Not so friendly! He knows his stuff. Paid/Co-pay:$3000		5	1	5	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	commentsNot only a great doc, but very passionate about his work. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	commentsHe is great, very quick appointments, I hate spending forever waiting, so I appreciate him not making me sit forever in the room.  He delivered my son and he was very caring.  His nurses are great and his billing department is extremely helpful and willing to work with you. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	commentsReally great, super nice, excellent bedside manner.  He delivered my last 2 kids. 	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	 Doctor Gaufin, was very helpful and understanding with my situation and helped me understand what would be in my best interest to help my situation. Most of the staff was friendly the receptionist could be a little snippy at times, at times there could be a 45 minute to an hour wait before you would see the doctor, I understand that he is very good in his perfession and alot of people need to see him, and when I did see him he was very understanding and helpful and kind.  Yes defefinetly I would recommend him to others, he is a GREAT DOCTOR!!! 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	 First went to Dr. Gaufin 10 years ago. Told me when my neck got bad enough to come back and he would fix it.  He did exactly that.  Told me I would need another in a few years, went 5 years and again I recieved possitive results.  My son had a brain cyst.  He referred him for a second opinion at the U and they confirmed exactly what Dr. Gaufin had in mind. Took my Mom into him and again he was right on.  Dr. Gaufin did my husbands corpral tunnel surgery. Although that is a minor surgery for Dr. Gaufin he treated him the same as he did my son. Very detailed and through.  Matt Badger is just as good in his follow ups.  I would not hestitate to refer anyone to Dr. Gaufin or Matt Badger.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:HealthFirst
60	1	 Dr. Gaufin is such an intelligent, kind, helpful, skilled surgeon!  He really explained everything about my surgery and quieted all my fears.  I am so grateful for all the time he took with me.  I did a lot of research about him before my appointment so I knew that he had fabulous credentials and is staying current on all his medical knowledge.  Everyone I asked gave him a great recommendation.  He is such a kind, caring doctor.  He told me that I would feel better after my surgery and I was so happy that I had no pain deep in my back only the incision pain.  I couldn't believe that the pain was gone!!  I was so relieved and I am so glad I had the surgery done.  My family is very grateful too.  If I had known that I would feel this good six months later I would have had the surgery sooner.  I really appreciate all that Dr. Gaufin and his staff did for me.  He is fantastic!!  If you are having back pain and need surgery please do yourself a favor and go visit Dr.  Gaufin!!  He is awesome! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	-1	commentsSurgeon made up his mind before talking even meeting with me.  He suggested I get a 2nd opinion @ &quot;The U&quot; even though I told him my insurance doesn't cover it. He dictated the liabilities in front of me &amp; said, &quot;it could take up to 5-6 years to feel better.&quot; He definitely wasn't a personable guy, didn't answer &#63;'s, etc. I Left feeling pretty discouraged, not having any other options, and/or any referrals. I will not refer ANYONE to his practice!! 	4	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	commentsDr. Gaufin is wonderful! He was my doctor when I was diagnosed with a small brain tumor. He was very helpful in letting me know all my options, talking about my worries and concerns, and giving me the out look for my future. He was very caring and did a great job on the surgery. Something that I love about Dr. Gaufin is that at the end of each of your appontments, while you sit there, he will tape record what  you talked about and your plan of action and they they type it up and send it to you so you always know and can remember what you learned and talked about without you have to take notes while being emotionally strained about your health! He cares about everyone he sees and will take all the time you need to answer your questions! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	 Dr. Gaufin and Matt Badger were absolutely wonderful. I was at the point of not being able to walk and they scheduled the surgery quickly and did such a great job. I now have no lumbar pain and feel great. And they are so friendly and interested in their patients.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:HIP
61	1	 Dr. Chris - couldn't say his last name :) - is a great guy!  He was very funny too, helping me relax, and did a wonderful job on the anesthesia.  Thanks Dr.  G! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	-1	commentsnot very good 		2	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	 I seldom go to the doctor, and when I have I hate the sterile and impersonal feel. Dr Gay is the first that I have felt comfortable with.  He is helpful, engaging, and friendly.   I highly recommend him 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
64	1	 Generally don't go to the Dr (Perhaps 5 times in 10 years).  3 of the times has been with this Dr.  He is very friendly, and engaging; it feels as if he wants to help.  Strongly recommended.  	5	5	5	4	Insurance:Aetna
64	1	 Love this doctor! Appt is exactly the time they state, no waiting.  very knowledgeable and very friendly. Does not feel like going to the doctor.  Your time is just as important as theirs.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:HumanaPaid/Co-pay:$20
64	1	comments 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
69	-1	 Didn't like this guy at all.  While delivering our child, he made jokes about sex and various medical procedures.  Awful, awful bedside manners.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Molina
69	0	commentsfirst experience as a new expecting Mom: I had a false alarm and he got called to the hospital at night.  He was rude, and seemed bothered to do his job.  SEcond experiece: super fast and easy delivery for him.  However he took for ever to get to the hospital and I thought he was not going to make it. I even asked the nurse if the doctor was going to show up. 	3	2	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
69	-1	commentsI, like many others, had a bad experience with Dr. Gamette. I will not ever allow him to deliver my children.  I found him to have poor bedside manner and old fashioned, out dated methods. I have two other friends that also had similar, negative experiences with him. 	3	3	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	commentsI had one of my prenatal appointments with him. He was very nice and funny. My only negative remark was that he got out the dopler to hear the baby's hb and used it for two seconds. As any pregnant woman knows, you just love to go to these appointments just to hear the hb. But after my husband asked &quot;is that it&#63; Can we hear it again&#63;&quot; He was actually really nice about it and went on to tell us funny things about babies heartbeats. Really liked him. 	3	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	commentsWe really enjoyed our appt with Dr. Gamette. He worked hard to make me feel at ease and answer all of my questions. He explained everything he did and gave me some good advice for staying healthy. I didn't feel rushed or like he was anything other than friendly and interested in my pregnancy. Paid/Co-pay:$182	5	2	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
69	0	commentsDr. Gammette is knowledgeable but seems to be unaware of the comfort of the woman he is dealing with. I highly recommend finding another doctor. He has been absentminded, rude and inappropriate. 	3	2	1	5	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	 dr gamette, was awsome he is very fun person, and helped with my c-section, he came to visit me serveral times in the hospital (he wasnt my normal doctor) he speaks his mind. and he has a fun humor.  	3	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
69	1	commentsI love Dr Gamette, he delivered my son and was very knowledgeable. I felt totally safe even though i had a very difficult labor. He has excellent bedside manner. I feel that he has had enough experience he could handle anything. I highly recommend!! 	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	commentsI Loved Dr Gammette, I felt he was very knowledgeable and had great bedside manner. 	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
69	-1	 Avoid Dr. Gamette. He is rude, unethical, and pompous.  	3	1	1	3	Insurance:CIGNA
72	1	 Very knowledgeable. Takes as much time with you as you need to explain you problem. Makes several suggestions in ways to help. Doesn't leave any stone unturned.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	 Dr Gardner is the best. He did my nose surgery and I wouldn't go anywhere else if I needed facial surgery.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
77	1	commentsDr. Gardner is great! He performed brain surgery on me and removed a tumor. I had surgery less than 2 days after he found out about my tumor. He really cares about you. I went on vacation for a week and he called me after I got back and the first thing he asked was how my trip went. I did not have a referral when I went to him, but I'm glad I did because he's great! I do have to wait a bit in the waiting room for my appointments, but usually Dr. Gardner is in surgery and gets to me as soon as he can. 	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	commentsHe did an excellent job on my surgery which has provided great relief of my pain.  He took his time to do the surgery right.  My anatomy was a bit different requiring an adjustment in his approach.  I was also surprised how easy the recovery was. 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	commentsI could not ask for a better doc the Doc. Paul Gardner not only did he do my mother shunt surgery, he was always willing to answer question and return phone calls. He is not a doc trying to fill you up on useless medication or want to see you back every two weeks just to see what else he can do. Dr. Paul Gardner is one of the best if you ask me. I would refer anyone to him. He doesn't think your a number, he knows you as a person. He is a really down to earth, knowledgeable person. His office staff slack a little Knowledge in that department, but i really don't know if its really up to him. Since there are like three other doc in the same place. I give Doc. Paul Gardner a 10! I want to say thanks to him, for helping my mother. Thanks Dr.! Paid/Co-pay:$50000	2	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	 Very nice doctor and very educated , Done my sons brain surgery and he is doing great. Finally found a great doctor that treats us good and knows what hes doing. Took my son in a hurry and believed what we told him. We appreciate him greatly.  God bless him 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
77	1	 Dr. Gardner was nice enough when I finally got in his office almost two hours after my appointment.  The office staff insulate him from the phone, and they also lie about where he is.  They said he had an emergency, but when I asked him about it he didn't know anything about any emergency. They also lost all my paperwork.  	1	1	3	4	Insurance:Medicare
79	-1	comments 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
79	-1	comments 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	commentsVery helpful and friendly.  He knows his stuff and if he doesn't he will find it out for you.  He is straight to the point - which I like. He spends time with you, thus, the punctuality for the next appt may suffer a wee bit, but he probably spends the time with every patient as well. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	 Just wanted to let everyone that may read this that Dr. Gardner is absolutely the best, most honest, most compassionate, and most current physician i have ever met.  His demeanor is often very subdued and straight with you, but i appreciate this when it comes to my health.  I referred all my family members to him.  My brother that had cancer... well, he saved his life over a dozen times when other doctors had given up on him.  While he wasn't &quot;perfect&quot; in every decision (who is&#63;&#63;), he never quits on you.  I saw this especially with my brother's care, who was on his deathbed many times.  Koodos to this great doctor.  He never gives up and searches until he finds a solution that works for your health.  He'll hardly mention religion, but it's nice to have a physician that expertly uses science, but also deeply trusts in God.  Thank you Dr. Gardner for your excellent quality care.  Love the new, beautiful office too, and the fact that you are right next door to a hosptital... even better.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$45
81	-1	 Thought he was quick to judge and actually accused me of Doctor shopping, anyone knowing me knows that is not true..would not recommend him to my worst enemy. Not someone to see of you have a chronic illness, I feel like he couldnt get rid of me quick enough.  	1	2	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	commentsDr. Kevin Gardner is the Finest Family Practice Physician I have ever had. He is knowlegeable, Compassionate,and responsive to his patient's needs. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
81	0	 Dr. Gardner was very arrogant.  He threw meds at me and charged me for a check up consisting of him asking me if my meds were working or not(5 minute visit  that costed $106) 	2	1	3	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	 I got sick when I was 14 years old. I am now 20. Dr. Gardner diagnosed me with Lupus a few years ago and is the only doctor that would actually help me. I went to countless doctors and specialist to figure out why I was so sick. every single one of them told me that basically I'm making it up for attention. After a year of disappointment and loosing hope of getting better we tried going to Dr. Gardner after one visit he said sounds like you might have lupus. I spent many days in his doctor's office basically getting test ran making sure that that's what I had, which it was. He doesn't just give you meds and sends you out the door like most. His staff is great, every time I came in they would make a sign that said &quot;Angie's room&quot; and hang it about the door for me. Dr. Gardner has a great sense of humor and always makes you feel comfortable. I am so thankful for him and there is no other doctor I would go to.  I highly suggest him!! :) 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
81	1	commentsDr. G has been my doc for about 5 years he is an amazing dr. he cares about me and my family he has always helped me, took his time and never threw meds at me to get me to leave. He also figured out what was wrong with my sister when she got sick with Lupus no other dr. even looked at her enought to know. He is the best doctor i have ever been too and his staff has always been great!!!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
81	-1	commentsThere was only one lady at the front that at least played the part of a great receptionist. That was it. And, because I had so many things wrong with me, they actually gave me a notice to find a new doctor. His nurse was rude & lazy-gone now, but I have a much better doc now and things are finally getting done. I agree with the other commenter-STAY AWAY- He'll stab ya in the back! 	1	1	2	1	Insurance:Unknown
81	-1	commentsHe spent no longer than 3 minutes with me, charged me the cost of an extensive visit, he was rude, had no interest in anything I had to say about physical problems. Just wanted to get rid of me. Office staff equally as rude ab/nd unfriendly. One of the worst physicians I have ever encountered. Stay away from him. Paid/Co-pay:$18500		2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	commentsMediCruiser is absolutely the best clinic I have ever been to.  The physicians are excellent and the staff is wonderful. They really believe in Care, not just Cure! Paid/Co-pay:$85	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	 Dr. Garr is personable, gentle, and very knowledgable.  He takes the time to do a real diagnosis and he uses the latest technology.  I had a crown in a single visit and it's the best experience I've had with major dental work.  His staff are cheerful, gentle, and accurate with their work.  His Hygienist is gentle and thorough.  I liked the TV's on the ceiling and the effort they go to make it a comfortable experience.  I would definitly recommend this office.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
84	1	 Although he was very thorough about checking every little thing, he wanted to fill stuff that had no business filling. I went to another Dentist a few months later and there was no problem with the teeth that Dr. Garr thought I should fix.  I felt as if I was paying extra for the stupid TV that he has in the ceiling that you really cant watch cause his arm is in the way.  	2	4	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$200
84	1	 I love Dr. Garr! He is so helpful and actually listens to my concerns and really cares what I think regarding my oral health. His office staff is amazing and make me feel so welcome. The office is bright, clean and up to date. Dr.  Garr is very easy on the eyes, too:) 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	commentsDr. Gardiner is a great doctor. He is very knowledgeable and helpful. He takes the time to thoroughly answer any question my wife and have had concerning our baby. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	 Dr. Gardiner is exceptionally kind and knowledgable. He is generous with his time, respectful of differing opinions, and willing to work with parents. He is an excellent doctor in every way.  	4	3	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
86	1	 It's easy to get in for appointments, the staff is great, and Dr Gardiner is fantastic with the kids.   I'd recommend him to anyone! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	commentsArt is a great doctor and one of the nicest people.  He really takes his time to do his evaluation.  I cannot say enough good stuff about this doctor and would recommend him to everyone. 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	 Dr. Gardiner is wonderful! He is always helpful and he treats our kids like they are his own! You never feel like he's rushing you or just prescribing your kids something to &quot;see&quot; if that works. He knows what he is doing and actually knows what is going on with your kid. His nurses are amazing as well! Friendly and knowledgeable! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
86	1	commentsI love this doctor. He is very caring and treats his patients as if they were his own. Very supportive. He goes out of his way to find out what is wrong if he is not sure. Very nice and approachable. I wish there was more drs. like him ! ! ! I was very sad when my daughter was to old to go to him anymore 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	commentsAn excellent physician, Dr. Garg has performed 3 colonoscopies on me over recent years.  He is efficient and thorough, finding even the minutest problem.  Each time was 100% PAINLESS. Once I arrived, I had to wait a little for my procedure, but that's only because he takes the time with each patient to get it exactly right. I was glad to wait. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
88	0	commentsHe seemed overwhelmed w/my situation.  Lots of questions, just no solutions. 	4	4	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
88	0	 I went into Dr Garg because of stomach problems I was having. The only thing he kept on saying was that it was IBS which in fact he was wrong. I had been taking some medication for some auto immune diseases and most of them were causing my symptoms. I woke up during my Endoscopy and felt them stretching my esphagus. I won't be going back to him.  	5	4	3	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	 Dr. Garg did a colonoscopy on my wife. Most painful experience of her life. Advised us that she could not be put to sleep for procedure, which I have subsequently learned not to be true. Refused additional medication for pain when my wife asked. Other than that, he was very polite and professional. I would see him for follow up care, just not again for that procedure.  	3	2	3	4	Insurance:Workers Comp
91	1	 I thought Dr. Garg was a great pediatrician. She was always respectful and appropriate with my children! She is very down-to-earth and thorough. She knows what to watch for and what to do when a problem arises. She was able to recognize a cognitive problem with my child and helped us with resources and referrals that he needed.  She was also quick getting sick kids in and had a great staff that was just as good with Mom as with the kids! 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
91	0	commentsHas no respect for patient modesty.  Apparently thinks since a patient is young he has or doesn't deserve to have his modesty respected.  The nurses have even less respect for patients modesty and dignity.  Will never go back. 	2	3	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
91	-1	commentsDr. Garg provides perfunctory answers to parents' questions and does not comment on why she prescribes the treatments she does.  I found her approach to be a little too aggressive in situations where less invasive options were acceptable or even preferable, such as steroid cream for eczema, and hormones for mild labial adhesion.  She also has a very negative view of out-of-hospital births. 	2	3	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	commentsI had the most positive experience with a dr.  during one of the worst days of my life. Thank you, dr. Gainer. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	commentsVery helpful, knowledgeable, and spent a considerable amount of time discussing my concerns. Office staff was also very helpful and prompt. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
95	-1	commentsThis doctor has the worst bedside manner and shows no emotion in what she does. I would suggest finding another doctor who is emotionally invested in his/her patients. 	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	commentsExcellent eye doctor, he is very nice and he knows his stuff. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	 Love her and office staff.  Incredibly knowlegeable and kind. Very skillful.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
99	0	commentsFollow up left much to be desired.  No call back upon request 	4	2	1	4	Insurance:Unknown
