dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
4	1	 Very knowledgeable and very courteous about my conditions.  He was able to help dramatically when others could not.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$15
6	1	 Dr. Dal Canto is somewhat friendly, very knowledgeable, and a great surgeon! He did a de-compression on my L3/L4, he was referred to me by my family particioner, he was very thorough, asks questions and listens, he has good bed side manner. I have had 2 de-compression surgeries, he performed the 2nd surgery and it was much better that the first as far as pain relief.  I would recommend him to anyone! 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
8	1	commentsDr Davis is very knowledgeable, helpful and listens, Office staff and Nurse are awesome as well!!  I am very happy and gratful that I went there and was treated!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
14	0	commentsgot blood work done and he left.. that was it i had to call him later to see what he wanted me to do.. he did call me right back tho. 	5	5	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	 This doctor bedside manners were very poor and rude. He show no regards for his patient by suggesting long term over the counter drugs and when questioned he got irrated and for his patient with no insurance he show no regards  for their financial needs by prescribing medication that are almost $100 instead of generic for $4 which was later change when the pharmacy contacted the doctors office.  	1	1	2	2	Insurance:HumanaPaid/Co-pay:$90
16	1	commentsThis Dr is now retired...you need to update this site, thank you! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	 Dr. Dabling is really nice. She takes her time with you and explains things pretty thoroughly. Unfortunately, the staff at her office are not very competent. I had (what appeared to be) a receptionist with no medical background call me to give me the results of a very important biopsy. She knew nothing of my situation and could not answer any questions. It was quite disappointing, as I was anxious to discuss my results. She may have been a nurse, but obviously not one who was qualified to make that call. On my very first visit, the nurse that took my medical history did so in a back area with other patients/staff there and I felt uncomfortable talking about my private medical conditions. I think they should conduct those interviews in a private room. If you see Dr. Dabling, don't expect the staff to be to professional, but she herself is very nice.  	1	3	5	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	0	commentsI went in for a physical and was told that Dr. Dabling doesn't see her patients for &quot;routine&quot; work. This didn't make me too happy, but I went in anyway. The nurse I saw was nice and helpful, but I was disappointed that she wasn't very thorough. I know I have a vitamin D deficiency, so I asked specifically for a test. The nurse was confused as to why I would want a blood test; Other doctors I've been to insist on doing a full blood panel, which is how I found out about the deficiency and that's what I was expecting from Dabling's office as well. I just got the feeling that this office (Utah Valley Obstetrics and Gynecology) will diagnose more than they try to find and prevent problems you may be unaware of. 	4	5	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	commentsI really like Heather. She is everything that everyone else has said. I have felt comfortable and taken care of at each appointment with her. She answers all of my questions without rushing me through. She is knowledgeable but very personable and sweet. I haven't ever felt intimidated either, which I have felt before with other doctors. I also agree with the previous comments about the front desk receptionists. They are not very friendly at all. The ultrasound technician in the office was not very friendly either and rushed me through my ultrasound with few comments. If it weren't for Heather and her nurses, I would go somewhere else. 	3	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	 Dr. Dabling is the best! I had a few scares early on in my pregnancy and she was very calming and always made me feel like everything would be ok. She never makes you feel stupid for asking questions and she makes sure you understand everything in detail. Unlike some doctors she never rushes when she's with you. Throughout my pregnancy and delivery I always felt that she had my best interest in mind.  I would recommend her 100%! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	 So glad I found this office! They are great, they are almost always on time and a few times a bit early :) The front desk staff is very nice and I have had nothing but great experiences with Dr Dabling. I feel comfortable and at ease and I never feel rushed. I do however agree with the below comment about the Ultrasound tech. Highly recommend this office and Dr Dabling.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	commentsDr. Dabling is so awesome!! I'm really glad I found her! She is a very sweet person and very knowledgable. She will take as much time with you as you need, even if you're a worry wart like me and have millions of questions!! She has helped me out with some issues in the past year and is now helping me with my first pregnancy, and there is NO ONE else I would rather go to!! I highly highly recommend her :) 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	commentsThe receptionists are kind of cold and rude, they definitely don't make you feel welcome.      Dr. dabling and her nurse however, are WONDERFUL!  If you are pregnant for the 1st time,she's Perfect for you! She explains everything in great detail, she listens carefully and takes time with you. You never feel rushed. She's even taught me things that I didn't know, even though I have had several children already. The appointment does tend to run a bit longer then what you might be used to, but it's only because she isn't rushing your questions and concerns. She is very knowledgable.    I Did Not Care for the ultra sound technician. She was nice, but didn't give me any information other than, looks like your doctors date is about right. Your this far along. Here's your picture, how would you like to pay&#63; I was in there literally 7 minutes!  I was Very disappointed. She has nothing to do with dr. Dabbling great service though.. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	 I saw Dr. Dabling during her first week practicing after her residency.  I saw her for my first pregnancy, which was ectopic.   She fit me into her schedule for multiple appointments.  She was very kind and explained everything in depth.  She was very sympathetic about the entire situation.  I loved working with her and would recommend her to anyone.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
18	-1	commentsWife went in 2 weeks ago for back pain, and was referred to hospital for MRI. 2 weeks later, my wife is stil in pain, and no call from Dahle, so she finally calls Dahle, to find out that she has a protruding, enlarged disc with a small tear, and that she needs to see a spinal specialist... My wife asks them to refill a pain prescription and they said they would give her a note. 2 1/2 hours later, 10 minutes before they close, my wife calls back and finds out that Dahle denied her request, cause she needs to see a specialist! So she has to suffer in pain for who knows how long, before she can see a specialist. Very poor service. Obviously Dahle doesn't care, or she wouldn't have to call them after 2 weeks to get a result, and the pain med deal is probably the stupidest thing I've ever heard... Specialists can take a month or more to get in, I should know, I have kidney cysts, and my appt. with a nephrologist is 2 months out. Am currently looking for a new family provider. 	4	3	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	commentsDr. (and I use that title with much discomfort) Davies is not a psychologist you want to use if interested in a competent /professional evaluation or clinical services.  He seems to be more of hired gun for attorneys’ seeking biased or predictive results.      He tends to base his conclusions on selected information – he will perform psych testing, and then separate a couple responses from the battery as examples of his perspective and conclusion.  He bases his clinical outcomes on a limited knowledge of the literature, rather choosing to refer to outdated and limited references and resources.      He seems to ignore the wide body of other information available.   Quite amazing this man still has his license.      Do not use this man for any professional services.  If you are involve with lawyers and opposing counsel wants to use Matt Davies.  DO NOT AGREE! Paid/Co-pay:$10000	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	commentsThis man is dangerous not to mention rude.   He actually provided examples of how &quot;he&quot; raised his children and what &quot;his&quot; values were instead of being unbiased.  This was a custody evaluation. Basing an outcome on his personal values is highly unprofessional.     Do not use him.   He did not call references on either side of the evaluation.   Do not use him if at all possible.   This is the general feeling of everyone I spoke with concerning him over several years.     This is 3 other couples.    Very male biased.   I can not say one positive thing about him. Paid/Co-pay:$3000	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	commentsMisdiagnosed,not thorough,very one sided, and refused to give referral. 	2	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	commentsThis doctor does custody evaluations. If you have an opportunity to choose an evaluator, dont pick this guy. He does not perform a thorough evaluation. He does not investigate or do a fair and independent evaluation. Dr. Davies does what ever other court appointed wants him to do even though he is not being paid by the court. He is part of a crooked system. Paid/Co-pay:$1500	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	commentsDue to this Dr. I had to move from Logan because I had multiple E.R. visits where my heart stopped, and he said right out loud he would not start my heart again next time it stopped, so it did stop again, and the nurse restarted it. After moving, I learned I had multiple organ failure and diabetes. My blood sugar was going too high, then too low. My adrenals and thyroid were also not working well. He did not even test my blood glucose in the many years of E.R. visits!! Due to him I lost my husband, children, country (moved to Canada) home, everything. This was when he worked at the Logan E.R. He treats everyone in serious pain as if they are criminals, instead of people in serious pain. 	5	1	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	commentseXCELLENT SERVICE, BEST er DOCTOR IN TOWN 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	commentsI was stunned to read the reviews on here.  They sure don't sound like the Dr Davis that I know.  She has been extremely helpful and caring every since I've gone to see her.  I'm not sure that I've ever had a doctor spend so much time with me. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	 I've had her for several years.  gets behind becausee she takes time to listen.  I like her.  My daughter goes there too.  	3	3	5	4	Insurance:Aetna
29	-1	commentsSaw Dr. Davis for hypertension. She seemed more interested in typing on her laptop then talking directly to me. Very unfriendly and cold. She did her quick exam and then told me she couldn't help me. What a waste of my time and money. Paid/Co-pay:$2000		3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
29	0	.  They always run late, but she was good and did all the test to determine what was wrong with me and found a major problem 		1	3	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$15
41	1	commentsI found Dr. Davis to be very knowledgeable, kind, a good listener.  He did a complete exam with x-rays and recommended a series of treatments.  After just a few visits I could really feel a difference. Now I see him only when I need to and he never tries to sell more services.  He really takes care of his patients.  I get the sense being in his office that his patients really love  and respect him. Paid/Co-pay:$200	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	commentsgentle!!great!! have gone to Dr. Dansie for years 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	commentsHe was great.  The only doctor who could fix my mouth without surgery.  Extremely patient with my difficult problem.  Willing to do whatever it took to make me happy. Gave me a discount and only one fee up front.  He and his staff took good care of me.  Extremely pleased and loved the office.  My young kids even went with me to appointments.  There is a really fun play room in the office.  Highly recommend Dr. Dana! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	 This highly professional orthodontist sets the standard in patient care and results. If your child needs to have orthodontic work done - by all means - please consult his office. Everything about his dental office say's Professionalism! He is the absolute BEST in the business. His highly-trained friendly staff is a pleasure to work with.  Visit them and see! 		5	5	5	Insurance:Delta DentalPaid/Co-pay:$280000
48	1	.  Amazing if she had a practice she would be the doctor I would be going to 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
48	1	 Kind, caring, compassionate- she actually takes the time to talk to you. She's not condescending and doesn't try to rush you out the door. She's very skilled and knowledgeable, definitely the best OB care I've gotten out here in Tooele.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	 Awesome! Best experience ever.  I've seen 11 different doctors throughout my 3 pregnancies and she was by far the best! She has great compassion, skill, and communicates well! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	commentsShe was the best with my two young daughters both of which saw her before they were 18.  She can explain and talk to the very young women in terms they understand. Her bedside manner made a first time/frightening experience for them a positive experience and they will go back regularly. Thank you, thank you, thank you,,, she very well may have saved them.  My appreciation is the greatest. 	3	3	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	commentsI have seen Dr Dall for over 8 years now, he listens, he knows when to change things up and what to try next. I have a Horrible Lower back which he has done a great job keeping me out of surgery, he is very knowledgeable and respectful, listens well and makes very good recommendations. Great Doctor. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	commentsVery caring did an excellent job. Very personable. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	 The best dentist that I have seen in my 26 years of adult life. He is professional, prompt, makes me feel like a person instead of a number on the patient roster, has a great attitude, and I will not see any other dentist in Utah.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
58	1	commentsDr. Dansie is, hands down, the best dentist i have ever had. I had had numerous root canals, fillings, and cleaning through him, he is always considerate, friendly, and prompt. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	commentsThe above amount is for 4 fillings in three teeth.  Dr. Dansie is pleasant to spend time with.  He is considerate of patient needs.  After many years under his care, I find his work to be efficient and effective. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	 Takes his time with patients and is very knowledgeable.  He has worked in both Physical Rehabilitation, Spinal Cord Injury and Pain Medicine.  He is quadrupled board certified in 4 specialties including PM&R;, Electrodiagnostic Medicine, Spinal Cord Injury and Pain Medicine.  He is thorough and seems to care.  I can't say enough good things.  I feel much better.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
62	1	 She's my PCP and my OB and she is AWESOME! She always makes you feel comfortable, answers all of your questions, explains procedures before she performs them, gives you options for care, gives you plenty of face time, she knows her stuff. The office staff aren't too helpful sometimes, but she makes up for it.  	3	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	 I went to her for my premarital exam which was kind of scary for me but she was way nice and comforting. Not nearly the nightmare everyone made it out to be. She was way good at explaining options and letting me choose. She was a resident when I went in May, not sure if she's still there.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	 Dr. Dahl is friendly. Fixed my problem.  staff was courteous. I would recommend him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Humana
66	1	commentsDr was very nice and knowledgeable. The foot surgery went very well Paid/Co-pay:$200	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
66	0	comments1) unable to get medical records sent to new doctor. 2)needed adjustment to orthopedics but office didn't have needed glue so I was asked to come back . Made another appt but upon return office still had no glue. Returned for third appt and someone sent out for glue. Office wanted three copays for each visit.    3) got boot to wear on left foot and unfortunately wound up needing boot on right foot the day after got boot off other foot.asked office stared if I could use the same boot but doctors wife put me on hold and came back and told me I didn't aright footed boot but at next dr visit dr said boots are all the same except sometimes the buckle. Why had office sent me to get another boot when only diffence is side the boot closes on. Also was told prescription for second boot called in to medical supply but had to wait for several hours at supply place while they. Called several times for ascription that had not already been called in.  4) fd reception put credit info in her purse 	1	3	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	commentsI was very pleased with my experience at the office of Dr. Dastrup.  The staff was friendly and efficient.  Dr. Dastrup was gentle and patient.  Loved my experience with the office. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	commentsneil is a great dentist....and his staff is the best!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	commentsGreat staff, super nice Dentist. He's great. Down to earth make's you feel comfortable. 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	 Dr. Dal Canto and his entire staff were kind, caring and took their time with me... both on the phone and in the office. I traveled from out of state for my surgery, and so had several phone conversations with both the doctor and his assistant, Cheron. I was most impressed and very pleased with their patience and thoroughness in explaining what I needed to know to prepare for surgery. The hospital staff was equally kind and caring. The entire experience was wonderful! I'm recovering quite rapidly, I've had absolutely NO PAIN, and I would highly recommend Dr. Dal Canto to anyone requiring an Oculoplastic Surgeon.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
81	1	 Dr. Dal Canto has done a wonderful job repairing my eyebrows and eyelids. In the beginning, he very carefully examined me to determine my conditions, then he very thoroughly explained the procedures and the options. The surgery was done very profesionally and the followup care was great. I am very pleased with the work he has done and I recommend him very highly.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:AARP
81	1	commentsDr. Dal Canto was very professional.  I trust him and always felt I was in good hands.  He operated on my eye and you would never know it because of how well it healed.  He's a miracle worker and I highly recommend him.  His staff is also very capable and nice. Paid/Co-pay:$1800	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	 Very happy with results. Thank You!!!!  Dr. Dal Canto explained everything and was very skilled in doing the procedure.  I am confident that I had the best.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
86	1	 Dr. Dane only saw me in the hospital in an emergency situation. But he was very thorough in the history and answered all of our questions before the quintuple bypass. Great young surgeon.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:HIP
91	1	commentsthe Jedi knight of Emergency Medicine. Unflapable 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	 Both my husband and I have had Dr. Davis do Cataract surgery on both eyes.  We both have 20/20 vision now.  We would strongly urge anyone to get help from him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	commentsWent here for my LASIK surgery, they made the whole process understood to me, made sure I was comfortable with it.  There was one concern with my eyes possibly being unreceptive to the surgery.  They let me know the risks and understand what caused them before putting the decision in my hands.  Really, an excellent staff, all around. Paid/Co-pay:$3500	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	commentsI had PRK corrective eye surgery done by Dr. Davis. My eyes are very important and I wanted someone very competent to be correcting my vision. Dr. Davis was fantastic. He was concerned with my interests and not his. I have had a number of visits with Dr. Davis and only one visit was a longer waiting time, otherwise, I had hardly any wait time (less than 15 minutes). Dr. Davis is very knowledgeable, kind, and excellent at what he does. Would recommend to anyone. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
