dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
20	1	 Anne is an amazing neonatologist. She is one of the best doctors I have ever worked with. She cares about your child and you, and she never rushes you.   Amazing doctor!!!!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
21	1	 Dr. Joyce is wonderful. However, I had my first appointment in Ascutney and the nurse or medical assistant that asked me questions was completely rude, did not make eye contact, and never put on a smile on her face. I wish I got her name because she definitely should not be working in the health care field. Aside from feeling rushed, Dr. Joyce was professional and kind as always.  She helps to put me at ease and I feel very comfortable talking to her about anything! 	3	5	3	4	Insurance:Harvard-PilgimPaid/Co-pay:$15
21	1	 Family doctor for over twenty years and through two very serious health conditions. Doctor is not afraid to refer patients to other doctors when it is neccessary, yet stays involved and coordinates with other doctors as needed. Staff knows patients personally and are very warm, helpful and confidential. Doctor and staff are always professional and never seem rushed or unwilling to listen. The staff members have been with the doctor since she started her practice.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
21	1	commentsI absolutely love Doctor Joyce. I have only been going to her for a couple years, and it was totally worth the change! She helps put me at ease, and I am no longer nervous about going to the Doctor! Thank you Doctor Joyce for all that you do :) Love, a 20 year old female patient!! 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	 Excellent doctor!I hope she NEVER decides to retire.My family would be lost without her.I have been a patient of Marys for 12yrs and she delievered both of my girls. she takes excellent care of my girls,me and my husband!We are so lucky to have Mary as our family PCP!ever so sincerly,Karen,Bill,Alexis,Lauren 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	 Dr. Jauch did a great job with my surgery.  I found him to be very punctual, answered any questions I had, did a fine job...very thorough, and his followup was great.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
26	1	 Dr. Jepson is an expert psychologist. He's helped me deal with PSTD, childhood sexual abuse, severe depression and more! He has taught me a lot about mindfulness. He knows how to treat depression from pain, is well rounded and excellent in his field. He will help you with a crisis period in your life and be there for you! He will help you make a safety plan for your life. He's always on time and very professional!  His knowledge in pain psychology is tremendous and he can help treat any emotional, mental diagnosis. I would highly recommend you call him and get the help you need. he works at IHMS in Colchester and they are amazing physical therapists. You can have a team of professionals help you reach good mental &amp; physical health. He's worked with my many Doctors and Specialists with my chronic diseases and I have an amazing team.   He's the best psychologists you can trust his professionalism!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	-1	 A rush to diagnose led to unnecessary surgery in my case. She was certain I had appendicitis even though it had been removed twenty years before. She assured me they often left part of it in those days and that was inflamed now. When she was proven wrong, she sort of vanished and another physician (a highly competent one) took over.  		2	1	1	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:$600
35	-1	 I developed infections at 2 biopsy sites. I had to call 3 times to find out the results after a staff told me she didn't 'think' it was cancer. Then I asked the results be faxed to a new dermatologist and they faxed a different patients results. So many patient and privacy violations I can't even count. The complete disregard for the care and privacy of a patient is a complete disgrace. I am shocked by the complete disregard for the care of a patient.  I'm a Registered Nurse and am shocked such a doctor is allowed to treat patients 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:MVP Health
35	0	commentspoor sterile conditions caused a two day stay in teh hospital. 	1	2	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	commentsVery intelligent and insightful. She struck me as unusual among doctors because a) she seemed to actually enjoy her job, and b) she actually used her brain, rather than just mindlessly running tests and going through the motions. Although she is a specialist, she was better able to look at the big picture and than many GPs I have seen. She figured out a problem that 2 internists and 2 other specialists had not been able to diagnose. 		2	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
48	-1	comments 	1	1	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
50	0	commentsshould be called Dr. Ouch not much consideration for patient pain 	3	5	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	commentsSpent quality time and amazing knowledge.   Involves parents in dx process. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	comments 	5	4	5	4	Insurance:Unknown
63	-1	.   	3	2	1	2	Insurance:Workers Comp
68	1	commentsFabulous and really cares about his patients. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
71	-1	comments 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
71	-1	.   	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	commentsDr. Jimmo is very considerate of people, respects their opinions, explains things in layman's terms, is a kind and caring person and an excellent surgeon. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
