dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Dr. Plante is skillful and attentive.  He's active at the UVM College of Medicine and keeps up to date on new research.  Wait times are similar to other FAHC offices.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Best eye exam ever, doctor was friendly and courteous. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	I can't say enough good about Dr.Perez. She helped me after a doctor operated and left me with Chronic pain. Betsy did two operations to help relieve the pain and I still see her now after 7 years for my care from what the first doctor did to me. She has a WONDERFUL bed side manor and is down to earth and VERY outgoing. Your never rushed in her office and she even gave me her home phone number after my surgery incase I needed anything. You don't find many doctors like that anymore in this world.  She is A plus in my books! Betsy Perez rocks 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
4	1	Could not be happier with the care provided by Dr. Pelletier, Sadie, and the rest of the staff. Kind, personable, and knowlegeable.  We've had a great first year with our baby in their care! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	Great doctor who I feel really trusts my parental judgement. Very knowledgeable and willing to seek further if needed. Not too conservative not too naturopathic. Great overall practice if you need to see another DR. Nursing staff is the best. I continue to travel an hour each way to use this practice, passing many pediatric offices along the way.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	-1	. would not listen to you, dismissed important questions or put them off 		2	2	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
6	1	Dr.Prunty is gentle and full of knowledge.She looks at each patient as an individual and validates all feelings and symptoms. She always follows up on her patients and keeps close watch on what she prescribes to make sure the medication is working to take care of your symptoms. She is always on time with her appointments and takes her time when she is with you. Her staff is friendly and helpful and always returns phone calls within a timely manner. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Donna was able to correctly diagnose my health issue in less then 1 minute after I was mis-diagnosed by an MD. I highly recomend her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	BEST most caring doctor I have ever been to. She helped me solve my problems with excema and depression! GO TO HER 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	I found him to be very competent. He has excellant follow up. He also made rounds on weekends to see his patients and ask questions on how you were feeling. It made me feel better that he would spend a few minutes visiting about what I did and general conversation. I have nothing but praise for what I consider a very good physican. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	0	I was very disappointed with Dr Paulus. For my physical exam, he charged me $20 even though I took my policy and showed him that the physical was supposed to be free. He still charged me and then sent me a bill for an extra $30. Fortunately my insurance company kept on him, and I just received a check from the doctor. He also pressured me to buy his vitamin supplements, even though my readings came back normal, although on the lower side of normal. His prices were higher than I could have bought on the Internet. I just hate the feeling of being pressured by a doctor. I have never had anything like that happen before. I would not recommend Dr Paulus.  	3	4	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Extremely knowledgeble. Really takes the time to understand your problem. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	. He's awesome 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	0	Doctor, you are very well thought of in my family... my step dad was your patient.He transferred his medical care out of W.N.Y Urology for confidential reasons. Orchard Park is a small town. 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
12	0	Not impressed. He used a water pick to clean my teeth, which felt like a drill and didn't do that great a job of cleaning them. I felt several rough places afterward (which I never had with my previous dentist). You definitely wouldn't want to use him if you have sensitive gums, since he's pretty rough. He's friendly, but rather rough around the edges in his bedside manner as well. 	4	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	This Doctor makes you feel comfortable and is one of the most knowledgeable M.D.'S I've ever seen. He is on time, and gives you someone to contact if you need to reach him. He gives you answers to your questions and fills you in on anything you can or may expect about your treatment. He has a wonderful staff that is as helpful as he is. I would reccomend him for any patient that needs help in Onocolgy with any type of cancer. He is exceptionally knowlegeable about Testicular Cancer and the treatments for it. Also you will feel like you are in the caring and loving hands of someone that won't lie to you or let you down .  Thanks George! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
14	1	Superb Dr.!  Absolutely one of the best.  Has been my primary for 2.5 years and is very helpful, cordial, and has a vast knowledge level.  I'm 46 yrs and have had several providers, being military.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
14	-1	Horrifyingly atrocious level of patient care.  Took a 2-week vacation and then didn't contact me to let me know lab results.  Incorrectly billed for services.  Will never use this MD again.  	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	-1	This doctor's office sent me a duplicate bill 3 months in a row.  I called their office upon receipt of the first bill; this was a duplicate charge. My insurance company and I had a conference call with the billing personnel to no avail. I received a second and third bill; the last indicating I was now in for collection. My insurance company and I have been in contact with them each  time.  Word of warning: they have a poor follow up on their billing. Hopefully this will warn others to carefully check all medical bills against inurance payments.  The above ratings deal specifically with his billing staff not the doctor.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
16	1	I had high risk pregnancies that I know would not of turned out right without his medical care.  Very respectable and knowledgeable.  I am very happy that I was referred to him from a doctor that could not handle the high risk pregnancy. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Wonderful staff that is helpful, polite and prompt. Dr. Pinto is a fabulous clinician! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	I've been seeing Dr. Pinto for 10 years, and she is fantastic. She has an excellent bedside manner and seems to genuinely care about her patients. She's also very cheerful and has a way of putting people at ease. When I first started going to her, I noticed that she seemed much more efficient with a drill than other dentists - she gets that part done very quickly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
18	1	DOCTOR AS WELL AS OFFICE STAFF, NURSES ETC ARE ALL EXCELLENT. DOCTOR IS UP ON ALL THE LATEST. CAN NOT SAY ENOUGH ABOUT THIS WONDERFUL DOCTOR AND HIS STAFF.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
19	-1	If a patient asks to have their child checked out for what they think is wrong, there should be no question. I have had 3 times with him where he would not cooperate with my sick child-thinking it was in my head when she was sick. Dislike.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
19	-1	Ultimately diagnosed with a sixth cranial nerve palsy by another doctor.  Dr. Pattison wanted to give me Valium and send me home.  	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
19	1	Treats our whole family. Have found him to be compassionate, knowledgeable and empathetic in many situations. Responds to questions in a timely matter.  	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	0	If you hear hoofbeats and always think horses, sometimes you might get run over by a heard of buffalo. Its bad news for the patient when the diagnosis is off the cuff based on averages, not on examination or test reults. 	2	4	4	1 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Not much personality but knowledgeable and thorough. Her assistants are pleasant and also knowledgeable. Very efficient. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Highly professional, with a smile. Top of the art equipment. Very knowledgeable and thourgh ready to help a patient anytime. The Dr. and staff are all great, to bad there aren't more like them. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	I found this md rude and arrogant. He refused to listen to what I, the patient, reported. Assuming his own conclusions. I also heard him  discussing a patients medical condition in the waiting room for all to hear. Privacy&#63; And he was just as rude and demeaning with this patient as he was with me. No matter what his knowledge or education a good doctor listens to their patient. Potash is too full of himself to do this. I would never recommend this doctor to anyone, much less someone I cared about 	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	This dr. is not knowledgeable!!  Had a horrible experience with him.  Find another GI!  Dr.  Potash was rude and talked down to me when I asked questions and didn't know the answer to my questions!  Go elsewhere! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	-1	I had met with him once to talk about the colonoscopy procedure.  I let him know that I had a phobia to needles. (I knew that I would need an IV for the procedure). I was very upset when he questioned the seriousness of my phobia. He made a dismissive comment to me.  I knew I would not be comfortable with this doctor.  	4	4	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	This guy is great. Knows his stuff, smart as a whip. Excellent on follow-up. I went to see him for a colonoscopy. In the prep meeting, he grilled me about my anemia, challenging my answers to his questions. I didn't perceive it as insulting in any way. I could see that he was sifting through different possible causes and their implications. He's not artificially warm, but he's clearly competent. I get a kick out of the guy. Don't be scared by others' reviews - at the end of the day, you want someone who knows what they're doing. Potash does.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
21	1	I am a nurse in the ICU where Dr. Potash practices, and also happen to be married to one of his patients who has Crohn's disease. I'm disappointed to read so many unfavorable reviews.. I agree that Dr. Potash has a very ..uh, challenging demeanor. That is, he doesn't appreciate BS, including being late for appointments, not taking prescribed medication, etc. I will say, though, that he goes above and beyond for his patients. Dr. Potash is extremely knowledgeable and continues to learn and keep up on advancements in his field. He regularly consults with other experts in gastroenterology regarding treatments, medications, and plans of care. He may come off as being rude, but listen- the guy knows what he's doing. I send my wife to see him, and I trust that she is well-taken care of. Give me an a-hole that knows what he's doing over someone who will fluff over the rough stuff any day. I would give him 6 stars if I could, and I am very critical. He's an A+ doc. 	 9/8/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	I wouldn't walk away from this Dr. RUN for your life!  He's the one that doesn't remember what he has said from day to day.  He's creepym very creepy.  	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	I read the other comments and was so surprised.  Dr. Potash got me in to see him quickly due to concerning lab tests.  He ordered more tests to determine the problem that he suspected and was correct.  He referred me to Boston and called some people he knew there, getting me in quicker than I normally would have been able to.  After the procedure I had, he personally called my husband's cell phone to touch base.  Every time he says he will call me with results, he calls very quickly.  He has taken time to listen to both my husband and I and I am very grateful that he is my GI Dr.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	-1	This doctor nearly killed me by puncturing my abdomen during a routine endoscopy. His staff is great though. 	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	This  doctor is psychotic. I walked in his office 9 minutes past my appointment and he confronted me on that and you could tell he was pissed. He is rude talks down to you. After my colonoscopy he told me that everything was fine. two weeks later i get a call from the hospital in Keene(Dartmouth Hitchcock) that he had set up for me to go in and do a procedure where i was to swallow a camera. (He never set this up with me!)Few months later i bring this up with my primary care physician and asked him about doing the procedured. He called Potash , and he was told that he didn't remember doing that and i should call him(Obviously never did. Other people have had similar experiences.  Why is this man allowed to practice!!!I wouldn't bring my dog to him 	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	-1	Never every again will I ever see or use this GI.Rude,demeaning,poor attitude to a patient that is sick.if you ask questions he tells you why are you asking him&#63; Like how dare you even question him!After 1st time seeing this Dr. never went back,went to a different GI in another state that a friend told me about in NH.It was like night & day with the 2 Doctors. Please do not use this GI for any reason at all.  Find someone else! 	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
21	-1	This doctor is inconsistent in what he says, rude and nasty. When my husband was in the hospital with complications from chemotherapy and had fluid in his abdomen, Dr. Potash agreed with oncologist that fluid needed to be drained, then a day later called me at home saying that that would do no good, but he'd do it if we wanted. When I questioned him about this contradiction, he yelled at me, implied I was stupid and didn't understand. Also, my husband told me when Dr. P. saw him in his room in the hospital at this time, when he was very, very ill, Dr. P. was mean and nasty and told him he probably &quot;wouldn't make it&quot;, contrary to what the other docs were saying. Immediately after this (and by the way, he did drain the fluid from my husband's abdomen, and never told other docs it wasn't necessary;  he, in fact, recommended it) we both switched to another competent and kind gastroenterologist in another town. This doctor is cruel and sadistic.  Stay away from him! 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
21	-1	I would never recommend this GI.When you're so sick & didn't know you had a disease at 1st besides what you are feeling physically,& mentally your not thinking straight,because you are malnourished,& ill,he makes you feel you are stupid,not-educated,treats you like your a kid in grammer school meeting with the principle.Scolds you,has even said &quot;it's all in your head&quot; when the disease was dignosed correctly though barium test & colonoscopy's.He has missed on a couple of occasions that the disease was prevalant again. Painful colonoscopys & rectal exam's he doesn't care!When you have him as a Dr. he has a God symdrome like attitude,which I call him a Jeckle & Hyde personality. Find someone else like I did,dealt w/him for to long before I found a new DR. that is so much better,more caring,more knowledgeable.  I would never go back to this GI if he was the only GI left on earth! Period!! 	1	4	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
21	-1	I've never felt so uncomfortable with any doctor in my life. His manner is very inappropriate,  flirtatious and demeaning as well as terribly arrogant. By the time I left his office, I felt violated. I wanted to go home and take a bath.  I've since spoken to other patients of his who had exactly the same reaction to him. he's a very creepy guy. He was of no help whatsoever, by the way.  	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
