dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
10	0	 I found Dr. Rinaldi somewhat arrogant and always short on time...taking phone calls in the middle of an examination, for instance. He insisted the pain was coming from one spot on my foot, although it was coming from another; he was not to be convinced. The surgery failed. In fact, the whole condition of my foot deteriorated to where today the original problem remains and is compounded by the word he did, I believe. Insisting everything was fine, he gave that up finally. His telephone comment was simply, &quot;We'll just operate again.&quot; That was it....No thanks.  	4	4	2	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	 Wonderful MD. I brought my elderly Mom here &amp; he was patient &amp; kind. He did not try to get her into surgery but tried very conservative measures first even though she has wonderful insurance coverage.  Impressed 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
10	1	 Dr. Rinaldi is the best podiatrist that I've ever gone to.  I have feet issues.  Many feet issues; and I've seen several different podiatrists -now, I wouldn't go to anyone else besides Dr. Rinaldi regarding my feet.  I was thrilled with his service when he practiced in CT then, when I discovered that he moved his practice to Vermont, where I've been living since 1990, I was overjoyed and continue to entrust my feet to Dr. Rinaldi.  I've been feeling so good, I've started running and will be asking for Dr. Rinaldi's professional advice.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	-1	commentsI have first class insurance and this visit was billed at top rates. Dr Rinaldi hurried, brusque, I'd say bordering on rude. A waste of time and not ultimately helpful at all. Paid/Co-pay:$100	3	5	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	commentsThe Sports Medicine Clinic in Sharon Vermont is, no doubt, a first class facility. The staff seems competent but decidedly interested in re-directing patients back to the home based hospital nearby and scheduling as many tests as possible, regardless of any relevance to Podiatry, Orthopedics or indeed &quot;Sports Medicine&quot;. The clinic itself is a wonder. The X-Ray machine alone, taking up a good size room to itself, will resolve details way beyond the skill of the Doctor to interpret. The prima donna, Dr. Rinaldi (who will ask you to call him Bob) is actually impatient, rushed and a bad listener. He, and the clinic, are not good providers but perfect examples of the American medical crisis. Immense amounts of resources flow to the health care industry, pharmaceuticals, insurance companies at everyone else's expense. Even if you're an athlete, try not to be seduced by the name &quot;Sports Medicine&quot; and find  clinic or doctor not oriented towards pure profit. 	2	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	commentsVery knowledgeable, helpful and easy to talk to. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	 Excellent care, outcome, support, operation on corrective foot surgery.  		5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
13	0	 if your in pain and need pain meds not the doc for you.  more worried about contracts and keeping the name of evergreen (non-narcotic) 	5	2	1	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	commentsSuperior service, compassionate and very knowledgeable! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	 Dr. Laura Ramirez is an amazing chiropractor and I would highly recommend her to anyone in the area.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:$30
16	1	commentsI have been a massage therapist for over 25 years. Dr. Ramirez is the finest chiropractor I have ever known. Her knowledge, support, technique and treatment values are superlative. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	commentsGreat experience, great clinic. From the minute you walk in you know that you are welcome. Kept us up to date about wait times. Didn't feel rushed even though the clinic was busy. Happy that we have such a place to seek care. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
41	-1	commentsSought treatment for a clear cut case of the flu. My roommate was just getting over the flu when I cam down with the same symptoms. The doctor refused to give me tamiflu because I did not have a fever. I had been taking Ibuprofen all day to keep my fever down, but had cough, vomiting and all other symptoms. I sought treatment within the 48 hour time frame.  Noticed the sign in the office gave a list of flu symptoms with an * by fever stating that not all patients have a fever. Very disappointed in the care. Standard of care not what I would expect. 	5	5	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	 Dr Ramundo is awesome. She makes you feel as if you are very important to her and your care is all that matters. Her knowledge, bedside manner and approach to patient care is excellent. I would reccomend her to anyone who needs her services.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
67	1	 Dr. Ramundo and the entire staff of the Comprehensive Care Clinic are outstanding.  She saw me on a day when my regular doc was unavailable.  She was caring and attentive.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	comments 	2	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	commentsBest doctor alive. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
73	-1	commentsDr. Was insensitive to women's issues.  Did not feel comfortable. 	4	4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	 Marc was easy to talk to and really worked hard to help me find my better self.  I would advise him to anyone i know who is trying to work through tough issues in their life.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
96	1	 I have been going to this practice for many years, and last visit was for a physical.  The staff is well trained, reviews history and medications, and they now got a computer record so Dr reiss can look up drugs and find answers for my questions on the internet.  (He found me a doctor for my son at college.) He always gives me good advice and is up on recommendations for prostate cancer screening (my father had prostate cancer).  This practice has always seemed to be really high quality.  Sometimes they get behind because they are busy, but I don't mind waiting my turn.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
96	1	 Got in same day I called for sore throat.   Staff are very helpful and know what they are doing 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:$25
