dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	She is an amazingly caring, thoughtful and invested doctor I have seen.  She is terrific with children.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	Dr Orton is a great pediatrician! She runs her own practice and so really has the time to spend talking to you and making sure you understand what is going on.  My kids love her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	Dr. Orton has always been extremely helpful and I trust her completely with my daughters care.  We never wait more than 5 minutes to get in and she always answers my questions (which I tend to have a lot of since my daughter was born premature!) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	We love Dr Judy. Her mom, who is her receptionist, can be a piece of work though. If you can get over this, Orton is truly the best md in Bennington. Very happy with her and her care of my kids.  		4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	Dr. Orton has always been very helpful, prompt, acurate with her advice, and has been wonderful to have in town 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	0	My infant son broke out in hives all over his body. I called her on Wednesday but because this was her &quot;day to do rounds at the hospital&quot;. I was instructed to monitor him and call tomorrow if the hives did not go away. I called the next day, because of course the hives did not go away (by then my son was miserable). I got an appointment around lunch time. It turns out he had a SEVERE allergic reaction to the medication she perscribed for an ear infection! I am now looking for a doctor that has other practitioners in the office, so in the case of an emergency (hives/allergic reaction in a baby!!) he can be seen sooner. Thinking back now, I should have brought him to the ER , so at least he could have been diagnosed earlier and given relieving medication sooner! I was very unhappy about that situation.  Also when I brought him in the secretary said &quot;he doesn't look so bad&quot; even thought he was completely covered and hives and couldn't crawl because he was in such pain!! 		2	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	-1	After two visits to  Dr. Olson's Office I realized I was purposefully being made to feel uncomfortable due to a chronic medical condition.  Dr. Olson became very abrasive in his tone, asked me very personal questions unrelated to his &quot;risk&quot; due to my condition, and provided a &quot;rushed&quot; atmosphere of care on his part entirely.  The staff at Dr. Olson's was actually quite the opposite. They were helpful, kind, made me feel comfortable, and seemed genuinely concerned.  Because of this it was very easy to notice and &quot;feel&quot; the striking contrast when Dr. Olson entered the room.  He was very invasive with personal questioning that was totally unnecessary. I go to the dentist to receive the best care available and be treated like any other patient with no judgements.  Don't expect that at Dr. Olson's Dentistry in Rutland, Vermont.  It isn't hard to realize when one is being discriminated against when you've had other experiences that are totally opposite to Dr. Olson's attitude and demeanor.  	5	3	2	2 	Insurance:Medicare
