dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
4	0	commentsHe is a very nice man. I would go back to him if he had his own business. The witches that own and run the place are unbearable. 	1	3	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	commentsI have been seeing this Dr. for many years and I am very happy with his services and kindness is treating his patients. He is very thorough and an outstanding example for his profession. Debbie Morelli 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	 Excellant job.  great staff, no waiting upon arrival 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:N/A
66	1	 Dr. Alexander is a wonderful Ophthalmologist, who is very knowledgeable, professional and compassionate. She conducts a very thorough medical exam at each visit, and answers all questions. Lisa, listens to her patients and makes sure you leave the office with all of your questions answered. I would recommend Lisa to anyone who is looking for an eye care doctor or to someone who is looking to switch. She is very laid back and very fun to talk to. She practices in Middlebury and at Fletcher Allen in the Ophthalmology Clinic.http://www.eyemdvt. com 	3	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
70	1	 This was my first time with the new dentist there.  I came in with pain on my tooth and I was seen the same day I called and didn't have to wait at all in the waiting room either.  Dr. Advani was very nice and funny.  I hadn't been to see the dentists in years, but made another appointment to return for a full check up.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta DentalPaid/Co-pay:N/A
84	-1	 IF YOUR LOOKING FOR A GOOD ORTHOPEDIC SURGEON.... THIS IS NOT THE DOCTOR!!!!! 	2	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
91	0	 This Dr did tests, and then sent results to patient without having them come in for an appointment to explain them. Has never called for a followup visit.  	3	3	3	2	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
97	1	 Excellent doctor!  She is brilliant and goes above and beyond to care for paitents.  She is very knowledgeable regarding current research and studies.  I think she has a photographic memory, and shows such diligence in not only remembering my medical history but planning a course for future therapies.  If you are foutunite enough to be in her care, your treatment is in exceptional hands.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
97	1	 Great Doctor! Very pesonable, understanding and helpful.  would recommend her to anyone...  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
