dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
3	1	commentsDr. Barrett is always available and is very friendly and helpful. 	5	4	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	comments 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	commentsDr. Baad is a very compassionate doctor and goes above and beyond for his patients.  He listens to me and responds appropriately with recommendations.  He's really funny too! 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	commentsDr. Baad has an incredible besside manner, always listens to all my concerns and is quite up to date on health issues. 	4	4	5	4	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	 This doctor was the only doctor in 5 years to help me. I have severe back, leg, and neck pain. I also have severe back spasms. The shots he gave eased the pain enough to function. I still have pain, but I can get out of bed now. The people that complain about him are only looking for medications. I don't want meds; I want help, and he did help me.  	4	4	4	4	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-CalPaid/Co-pay:$3
16	-1	commentsThis doctor is very rude and arrogant, I have been told by my family doctor that I have not been the only one as of lately to complain about Mr. Balaklaw's service, I had seen him twice both times waiting at least 3 hrs, for only him to patronize me and act as if nothing was wrong with me, He absolutely needs to be investigated for fraudulent surgeries and if hes indeed able to do the work himself, anyways I cannot say enough BAD about this man, hes not a Doctor, hes just another stereotypical eastern KY Doctor that has went to a foreign country and got his license within 6 months and moved back to the states to set up a practice, hes a JOKE DONT SEE HIM&lt; DONT WASTE YOUR TIME WHY SEE A DOCTOR FOR HEALTH ADVICE WHEN THEY ARE OVERWEIGHT AND IN POOR HEALTH CONDITION THEMSELVES&lt; THATS LIKE ASKING A 500LB DIETICIAN FOR ADVICE ON HOW TO LOSE WEIGHT&lt;WAKE UP PEOPLE! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	 This is a wonderful doctor! He is extremely helpful, polite and genuinely cares about his patients. I have a lot of bulging and herniated discs, and he referred me to a neurosurgeon to be evaluated. He does NOT perform surgeries, he does however gives shots in an affected area. I am on meds, and take drug tests as is deemed by his office. I do not abuse the meds he gives me, therefore I have nothing to fear with blood tests! If you are in need of a pain management physician, you cannot go wrong with Dr. Balaklaw.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
16	0	commentsJust a comment**NO ONE would endure 4 surgeries to the spine JUST to obtain drugs! People who dont struggle with back pain dont understand what we have to go through. I'd give back all my pain meds, my disability checks just to have my life back again! 	3	3	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	commentsGood doctor...the people below just went to him to abuse drugs 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	 I think this man should be investagated.he saw me one time and i had to go to the emerency room one day because. of this pain.I have to live with this chronic pain the rest of my life. I`v had three neck operations and one back operation,with numerus nerve blocks. he told me that they was nothing he could do for me any more. I think this man should be investedgated by the medical board.  	5	5	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
18	1	 I have seen Molly for about 5 years now....She is the best...  	5	5	5	4	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:$20
18	-1	commentsdid not listen to parent's comments and observations when treating my 8 yr old.  Seemed very uncaring and unwilling to assist a scared child in order to get correct diagnosis.  I left being told to go to ER later if condition worsened without any indication as to what was wrong with my child.  I WILL NOT SEE HER AGAIN!!!!!! 	5	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	 Shockingly unprofessional, I refuse to see her when I need an appointment.  I wait for another health care prof to see me.  	3	4	2	2	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:$25
18	1	commentsMolly is the most wonderful Dr. I have ever seen! 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	 Friendly, knowledgeable, and patient staff.  Dr. Beehler is wonderful and the area is fortunate to have his services.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
34	1	 Kept telling her I had a lump in Breast and she said I was too anxious and that it was a cyst.  By the time friends convinced me to go over her head and  get a biopsy the BREAST Cancer had spread to my bones. There is just NO excuse for this.  I was raised that you do what your doctor says and you should respect them.  I have no respect for this doctor, she cost me part of my life and loss of quality of life.  	3	3	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
44	1	commentsWonderful Therapist, she listens well and offer solid advice. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
52	-1	commentsDoes not return calls to patient or nursing homes when called.  Poor attitude.  Lack of fund of knowledge of medical issues. 	2	1	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	commentsI have been going to this doctor for about 20 years, and he is great, good listener and problem-solver.  The receptionists and nurses are really nice and caring.  I have never had a bad experience with these folks. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
52	0	commentsVisit was covered by 'other' med insurance company. Seems to rely on beside manner a great deal. Has mis-diagnosed condition and ordered inappropriate meds. Transfers decisions to his nurse for what 'seems' to be 'simple and common place' symptoms when described by phone. (RESULTS: Ambulance trip and many days in hospital. Typically tends to UNDER ESTIMATE reported illness or symptoms, and poor followup on referals 	4	4	4	2	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	commentsAmazing high tech office, they seem very efficient and got me in that day.  Very friendly staff.   The other reviewers must have a bone to pick, because this is one of the best offices i have ever been in. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
52	-1	commentsExtremely rude and unhelpful. Would never visit again. He has very limited knowledge. Paid/Co-pay:$700	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
52	-1	 Refuses to return phone calls.  Anything more serious than a hangail could result in a fatality.  	3	3	3	1	Insurance:Medicare
52	-1	commentsLorne Babb knows how to blab. He cannot even communicate with patients properly. He will not give clear medical advice. But instead wants to talk about &quot;regulations&quot;. Regulations and rules are made by lawyers and not doctors. If he is taking direction from lawyers, he is little pet of those more on lawyers. He is very intimidating and threatning. Total fraud. Lost a lot of money and time because of him. The nurse Ann-Marie at Cold Hollow clinic (which is very cold and indeed hollow) cannot even give vaccinations properly. She will hit the needle so hard that it will go through the bone.. don't know if she has a license to proctice. If Lorne Babb accepts money and is not prepared to talk to his patients, then he is unethical in his dealings. He should not be allowed to practice as a doctor.. Also, he expects patients to pay him money under the table, just because he as sign off authorityon certain forms.. Paid/Co-pay:$1500	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	 Dr Baker is great but he is rarely ever available. Therefore, you have to see his staff and his receptionist is condescending. You do not feel that anyone there cares about you except Dr Baker. His PA really does all the work and seems very unhappy. Because of his combative receptionist I will no longer use him. *Also, if you are 10 mins late for your appt you may be asked to reschedule. If you have any grievences the staff will mock you. If they make a mistake they will not apologize they will fight with you instead. You must know all their rules and not ask any questions or you will get talked down to like you are stupid. The worst place I've ever been to! I went there for years and had many horrible experiences! It's a shame Dr Baker surrounds himself with such uncaring representatives. His PA cares but seems emotional and moody and you will have to see him most of the time. He always appears to be judging your mental state...  Its a strange place! 	1	3	5	5	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$25
55	1	comments 	4	1	4	3	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	 I found Dr.  Barney to be very knowledgeable in her field, prompt, good diagnostician 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
81	-1	comments 	3	5	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	commentsExcellent experience with this doctor. Not what you would expect from a doctor working at Walmart. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	 Best orthodontist we have EVER seen. Most of his patients are all returning patients for generations. Staff is professional and caring. Dr. B. cares for all of his patients and is easy to reach after hours if need be.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	 Kay is an excellent psychologist!  I saw her through a divorce, death, and many other life changing events.  She was incredibly helpful.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	1	 Wonderful and compassionate doctor who works with you as a teammate.  Highly recommended.  	4	3	5	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$275
