dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Doctor was very educated on my issues and took x-rays that showed my exact problem. It was amazing that he found things that have never been told to me before. I was shocked how much time he spent with me reviewing my x-rays and detailing the process. I have been struggling with neck and arm pain for years and never thought to seek a Chiropractor until my MD suggested I give it a try. I have gone 3 times now and feel better than I have in 20 years. The environment is very friendly and clean. They make you feel a part of a family and they really care about your health.  I have referred 5 people so far and will continue to do so!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	I am very happy w/ Dr. Ann..I was going from one dr. to another and no one knew what was wrong w. my back..Dr. ann said it was my hip, and since my hip replacement I am much much better. I find her to be extremely knowledgeable, friendly and compassionate..She is now helping me w. the pain via injection for my SI joint.. she is right on target! LOL I havent seen this much professionalism in a very long time! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	-1	This was the most demeaming and negative experience I have ever had with a doctor. She didn't help me and could care less. She sent me on my way saying she couldn't help after a failed cortizone shot, with ointment. I am still in terrible pain and I wouldn't tell my worst enemy to see her. She is cocky and uncaring.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
3	-1	I hurt my shoulder. Volansky tested rotator cuff,said there was nothing wrong with my shoulder. I insisted, pointed to my shoulder blade. Volansky said that was the scapula, not part of my shoulder. Huh&#63; Sent for nerve conduction test, positive for CTS. In a phone call, I told of intense pain and swelling in my hand and shoulder pain. Volansky referred me to an OT, ended our conversation with, &quot;We won't need to see each other again for this issue.&quot; Six weeks of Hand therapist soaking insurance company &amp; me for two thousand but didn't address shoulder pain or hand swelling/pain. On line research said prednisone used to treat carpal tunnel. I take Hydrocortisone for pituitary insufficiency, so self-medicated for CTS. Pain/swelling gone in two days. Had Volansky monitored my case, a $10 prednisone scrip would have saved a month of agony, &amp; thousands. Volansky won't listen, focuses on laptop &amp; condescends alternative practitioners--who correctly treated me for Thoracic Outlet Syndrome.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	-1	she treats you like your problem is in your head, always reading from computer, and talks down to you, and you arent allowed to question her, do as she says even if she is wrong, or you are accused of argueing with her,especially when she doesnt know whats wrong and trying to cover it up 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
4	0	 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	misdiagnosed my illness...told me &quot;we only treat infections and broken bones here...&quot;. although he graduated from Rutgers... 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	This doctor shouldn't even be in practice! she has given me a life time of chronic pain along with others. She is a pusher to have operations just to make money and does a sloppy job. The day she did mine, she was so sick that three of us asked to reschedule and she said no she was okay to do it. She makes it sound like the operation is easy and a quick 15-20 min.procedure. It is WAY more then what she leads you to believe! She isn't a caring person at all and doesn't help you at all when she messes up. I found out she has messed up on others too and ships them off to physical theraphy like she did to me. But there is no hope with it and your left in a life time of chronic pain. She changed my life forever.I had a very good life before and she changed all of it with her death needles.  She wrecked my life and now I can only hope I can help others to stay away from this ****! 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:HealthPartners
