dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Dr. Emerson is the kind of Dr I wish everyone could have. He has a bit of the old time country doctor about him. He is very quick to respond to a call, and inspires trust and confidence. I cannot say enough good things about him. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	By far the best doctor in the area, have nothing but the best to say about Dr. Egbert and have referred many of my family to him as well.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
2	1	Dr Egbert is very knowledgeable, gives great medical care. He has the best bedside manners and is an attentive listener.Our family has been very pleased with him. Wish there were more caring Dr's out there like him.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
3	1	Dr. Eltabakh is competent and professional.  He is compassionate and takes time to answer questions.  His genuine concern comes through in a posiive manner 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	This Dr. is wonderful. He took his time with me and was very knowledgeable. He listened to all of my concerns and answered all of my questions in great detail. I did not have to wait in the exam room very long at all, he was in there within five minutes. He seems to have all state of the art equipment and the office was very clean.  His nurse is fantastic.  She has a wonderful warm personality.   I was very happy with my visit and I am very happy to have found a good doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	Very knowledgeable, listens to patient.  I was impressed. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	. Easy to talk to 	3	3	3	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
6	1	Dr Edwards is a specialisst in the treatment of MS and is an advocate for his patients. He is concerned, up to date on drug trials and all possible new treatments. He will discuss with you why he thinks a particular treatment is to your benefit and tries to give his patients whatever treatment he thinks will benefit them the most. I also like the fact that Dr Edwards is a member of the NewYork State Consortium on MS. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Your list does not include my insurance, I am insured. I am a tremendous fan of Dr. Edwards. He is the best around. I appreciate his patience, his knowledge, and his willingness to really listen to a person. In my opinion he is MUCH better than the neurologist on the third floor of the same building. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	He misdiagnosed me and gave me intraveinous steriods which caused avascular necrosis in my joints. I also came down with diabetes, fatty liver and alot of weight gain. I was in terrible pain and he told me that it was because I was depressed when it was from what the steroids did to me. I wouldn't want my worst enemy to go to him. Thank you for this site.  	5	4	3	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	Has been treating my MS since 1982. Has been exceptional in explaining the disease, the treatments, side effects of medication, upcoming new treatments, etc. In my experience, there is no finer Neurologist. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	I have been seeing Dr Edwards for 4 years now and ill admit to not being the easiest patient! ;)) He has been caring and always open to information I may find or read about. There is nothing worse then a Dr that is closed to listen to their patient in my book. He has taken great care to not only address my brain and neuro issues (arnold chiari and geniculate neuralgia) but pays attention to my emotional well being as well. Kudos to Dr Edwards, hope your albany office is a great success too! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Dr. E. is very professional.  He gives real advice, listens without judgment, and is extremely knowledgeable about the latest in medications.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
7	0	I felt that he was quite professional in demeanor, but I did not feel his approach to therapy was flexible or up to date. 		4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	not very friendly 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	This Dr. is one of the most caring Dr. I have ever had.We have been seeing him for almost 20yrs.He is sincere,compassionate,caring.If he does not have an answer to a question he will find out or refer you to someone who knows. He has been there for our whole family though everything any of us has been though.He truely cares about his patients,listens to you,has a great personality.Gives you ther time you need to be heard.Never demeans you ever,even with the slightest weird question you might have to ask. always follows though.I will be sad someday when he will retire & hope it won't be for a long long time,because I don't know if we'd ever find a unique & so caring Dr. as he is to us. We find hom to not just act like Doctor like but also as a friend because he shows that he really cares about you. he's a one in a million human being and just happens to be a Doctor with his name. God Bless you Dr.Tom.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
10	1	Dr. Eckhaus was very nice and informative.  He got along with my toddler and baby beautifully.  I could tell that he really likes his job and enjoys helping little ones. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	He basically has very little knowledge of alternative treatments and covers this lack by arrogance.   He does not know what he is doing! 	3	1	2	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
10	-1	Jeremiah has a reputation around the community for not listening to patients therefore misdiagnosing and mistreating. He is marketing himself as open to alternative medicine and quite the opposite was proven to me after seeing Jeremiah Eckhaus several times. As a patient I never felt heard and I know many who have had the same experience. Unfortunate. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Careful listener; informed; encourages me to think through conerns and responses.  One of the best MD's I've had! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Great Doc! I've seen him several times as a consultant and now he's my promary care physician. He takes his time, listens to what I have to say and has a manner. After years of being over prescribed medication to the point that I could hardly function, this guy has found the right combo for me. I feel better than ever.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
10	0	Only saw him once, but when I came in with flu symptoms, he jumped the gun big time by prescribing unnecessary antibiotics and rushed me out of his office. I've had mostly good experiences at the Montpelier practice, so I would suggest new patients ask for someone else. 	5	3	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	I was very put off by this doctor he did not listen and was very judgmental. Not even an attempt was made to figure out what was really wrong, and as it happens there really was something wrong. I routinely spend 2-3 hours in the office waiting when I have an appointment.  	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
10	-1	After being blown off by Jeremiah Eckhaus every appointment and my child misdiagnosed (and OVER PRESCRIBED steroids)we left the practice and are so thankful we did. One of his nurses actually stabbed me in the hand with a needle after giving my child a shot. Very sloppy and not what I want from health care.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	He is the best doctor I've had in a while. He takes the time and listens to me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
10	-1	Doctor judges patients by their covers - profiles them based on appearance.  Does not allow time or take care to really hear them. When they bring up pain, dismisses them as drug seekers. Misdiagnoses critical diseases as minor ailments and prescribes OTC drugs.  Bad medicine.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
11	-1	She needs a new bedside manner!  Also, her reality that certain things do not cause pain is completely wrong.  All over the Internet it states that ovarian cysts and twisted cysts and tubes cause extreme pain but in her world if you complain of extreme pain you must be a drug user.... I never even filled the pain meds she gave. Me because I needed to be able to drive during the day.  She really needs a reality check! 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	-1	Not very helpfull, dismisses the hard cases. 	5	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
