dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	My mom, husband and myself have been a patient of Dr. Xia since 2007. She is a great dentist. Her hygienist is quick with the teeth cleaning but thorough- exactly what we need. Prior to seeing her I went to many different dentists- all that stated I had 10-15 fillings needed. I had never prior ever had a cavity (even as a youth)- of course, I thought this was strange. I went to see her. She said, she only thought one needed to actually be filled. She said some dentists believe in drilling the good tooth away to get to the bad. This was not her philosophy. It has been 5 years now and no trouble. I am so thankful i fount a great, honest dentist. Personally, I am surprised by any negative reviews. There is no wait time, the office manager does a great job, and Dr. Xia is great. When I needed the filling I was afraid even of novokaine  and she explained the entire process to me- instead of just blowing me off like a lot of Drs would.  For me an my entire family she has been the best dentist 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
1	-1	I had my regular teeth cleaning appointment with Dr. Xia.  It took only the staff 20 minutes for the cleaning and the job was aweful.  I went to another dentist 2 months later, the new doctor was surprised that I had my teeth clean two months ago, becuase a lot of teeth were not cleaned by Dr. Xia's office.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	-1	I don't know why my comment and rating on this doctor got deleted. I will keep posting it until my voice and truth got revealed. The doctor is awful. She charged me over $8,000 cash after my insurance company coverage, yes more than eight thousand dollars for teeth planting. After I had my teeth planting, I told her that the fake teeth were not in the right positions. Her answer was there will not ever being right position. I thought that will be the end of my nightmare with Dr. Xia. No, not yet, less than 12 months, my fake tooth was broken. So I went back to her. She was accusing me that I did not pay attention what I ate and she wanted to charge me again for teeth planting. I am in the process of filing lawsuit against her. I have all the evidence and payment I paid her. I wish I can post my bills on this website and pictures of my teeth. Please let the truth gets heard.  	 1/5/10	1	5	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	She was great! I was very nervous about my kids being scared. She explained everything to them. She showed them everything before putting it into their mouths.  Their front room had a tv which they will turn to kid shows when you walk in with your kids. They also have a large fish tank with almost all the fish from Finding Nemo. The office is very clean. They have lots of high tech stuff that I've never seen before. At the end, my one daughter said that we should come back everyday. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	I finally found Dr. Xia as the best dentist that I would highly recommend to you all. All my family members have been seeing her for the past two years including my six years and three years old. She has done my little one's three teeth fillings all at once without tearing or screaming. Besides her superb dental skills and special care, she is very accommodating for all different kinds of patients' needs. Her greatest sense of humor and beautiful brand-new office settings will bring you a very special dental visit experience. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	She is very nice and knowledgeable and explains clearly the diagnosis and treatment in lay person's terms. She treated my gum disease with obvious improvement. Her clinic is well equipped and spotless clean. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	A visit to Dr. Xia always a pleasure! The staff is incredibly cordial, the office is decorated beautifully and Dr.  Xia explains all patient care thoroughly! Terrific 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
