dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	0	I tried to secure an appointment to meet Dr. Fender as a prospective new patient.  The front desk person told me &quot;we don't do that&quot; and tried to schedule me for a 20 min patient visit which I would be charged for with a copay.  Front desk person told me if I didn't like it, I could call back during patient call-in hours to speak directly to the doctor. 	1	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Dr. Fender has been my primary care provider for seven years and has been properly aggressive in providing preventive care for my aging body. He has referred me to specialists when necessary and he has followed up on the results of those visits. His availability for 8am patient call-ins has been invaluable in avoiding unnecessary visits and scheduling necessary ones.  His manner is professional and business-like and he treats me as an adult.  In summary, he is exactly what I expect from my primary care physician.  	 7/21/09	4	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	Very knowlegable,  Follows up with me on tests and exams.  Been seeing him for over 15 years.  Excellent doctor.  	4	3	4	5 	Insurance:Medicare
1	-1	This doctor fired ME after nearly 20 years, by form letter, without a call, after I complained because he had me come in for a fasting blood test, was not at the office,left no orders and staff refused a test. Does not listen; talks over you; very arrogant. It's obvious he hates his job and appears to hate his patients. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
1	-1	Very poor service, he will literally tell you that others are waiting if you tell him you have more than one issue, he send me away and told me to make another appointment. While he was talking to me every time I visited him, I had the feeling that he was talking down to me every time. He didn really listen to the issue I was having and always seemed like he didn't want to be there. Horrible listening skills, wrong antibiotics, horrible experience, STAY AWAY FROM THIS DOCTOR!!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Dr. Figler is one of the best doctor's I have been to. His nurses and receptionists are supper. They will call your insurance multiple times to make sure you get the right coverage. They will fit your glasses for you multiple times, they are jolly, helpful and nice. The Dr. himself is VERY helpful. He takes time with you. He will explain your prescription and will talk to you at great length about what you need to know. He even comes out and instructs the receptionist about how to handle the insurance so that you have to pay less. If you were contacts, all of your fittings are free after you pay for the 1st one.  This is the best eye doctor I have ever had and I highly recommend him! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Great eye doctor!  Dr. Figler really is thorough and takes his time. He spotted a retina problem with my husband 7 years ago and we've been going to him ever since. He answers all questions and works with patients to make sure contacts and glasses fit and are comfortable.  He's very knowledgeable about our VSP insurance too and helps us to use the benefits wisely.  Everyone in our family wears contacts and glasses so we need a good, caring eye doctor-and Dr. Figler really is one! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Dr. Aaron Figler is the best doctor I've ever had.  He is very patient, meticulous, and caring.  He spent a good deal of time with me and answered all my questions.  I've always been worried about things I might be doing that could worsen my already poor eyesight.  Dr. Figler answered every question I had about this.  He also tells you why he's going to prescribe something or why he's going to check for something.  He is very open about the science that he practices and that is something I can certainly appreciate!!  I made the mistake (several years ago) of going to a different optometrist back when I was away at college.  The difference between these two is light and day.  Dr. Figler will spend a lot of time examining your eyes and making sure your eyes are healthy--the other optometrist had rushed me and had me out in 10 minutes.  Go to Dr. Figler if you're concerned about your ocular health.  Words can not explain how great an optometrist Dr.  Figler is! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Have been going to Dr. Figler for years. Some doctors just test your vision but Dr. Figler discusses eye health/issues and makes suggestions on how to prevent or help these possible problems. His staff, especially Ivy, are very accommodating and extremely pleasant to deal with. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	I've been seeing Dr. Figler years now for my annual eye exams and to purchase classes. I've had no problems with he, his staff or any of my visits. He has Saturday appointments which is a plus!! I just moved to Southern Maryland from Northern Virginia and still plans to see him. 	 11/26/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Great surgeon! Professional, knowledgeable, and great bedside manor. I would highly recommend his services. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Iam very satisfied.  I had a great experience 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	-1	 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Dr. Fiedler has been my doctor since 1976. He operated on me for ovarian cancer in 1979.  I am STILL here thanks to Dr. Fiedler!! Even after moving to Delaware I still return to him in Virginia for my annual check up.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	I've been a patient for over 20 years, one miscarriage, four live births. I wouldn't go to anyone else! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Ive been a patient of his for 17yrs and just had a tubal ligation done with no complications. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Very kind and patient - listens well. My minor surgery was fine.  		3	4	5 	Insurance:Aetna
4	-1	Left me bleeding internally after hysterectomy. Didn't find for three months.  		3	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
5	-1	Went to her for 10 years, but when I had trouble conceiving after one year she was very unhelpful. Told me to &quot;stop crying&quot; and it would happen. Would not offer any additiOnal testing because I am only 27. Found out 6months later I had blocked tubes by an re, a test she could have easily done. She is a fine doctor unless you need something. And she is just plain rude. 	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	admin staff is rude and while Dr. Fernandez is a capaple doctor - I did not feel like she had any emotional involvement with me or my pregnancy.  Maybe a better doctor for older women who are not having children any longer. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	We felt like a number... she did not explain anything clearly... and was rushing to get us in and out of the clinic.  	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
6	0	Dr. Feldman and Cheryl are fantastic. I had to stop going because the wait is too long and their is just no reason for it. I agree that he spends a lot of time with patients but that means he should schedule less of them.  Numbers generally rule all business so if you dont mind waiting two hours, he is great 	5	1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	I've been seeing Dr. Feldman for many years.  He has always been very thorough, compassionate and attentive.  Admittedly, I do have to wait a long time, but, it's worth the wait because he spends a lot of time with his patients and with me.  I just schedule my appointments knowing this and take a book to read.  His office manager, Cheryl, is very caring and attentive as well.  	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
6	1	Dr. Feldman is extremely thorough!  Tends to order more 'tests' than are necessary. The Doctor is never on time, because he spends so much time with each patient; therefore, he is consistently and constanty overbooked. Waiting over an hour+ is not uncommon. Furniture and cosmetics, in both the waiting room and patient room areas, are in desperate need of repair and updating. 	4	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Dr. Felman is a very good doctor, and I would like to continue to see him, but I really wish that the wait was not long.  I don't know if it is due to scheduling problems or what, but I've been there for 3 to 4 hours for an appointment, which includes waiting room time and waiting in exam room time.  However, he does spend a significant amount of time with the patients, and I like that.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
6	1	I LIKE DR. FELDMAN, HOWEVER, I WORK AND SCHEDULE MY APPT'S. AROUND MY WORK SCHEDULE.  I HAVE NEVER BEEN TO HIS OFFICE WITHOUT WAITING A MINIMUM OF LESS THAN AN HOUR AFTER MY APPT. TIME BEFORE SEEING HIM.  IT DOES CONCERN ME THAT HIS WAITING AREA IS NEVER VERY CLEAN, AND HIS EXAMINING ROOMS ARE, TO SAY THE LEAST, QUITE DIRTY.  TRASH ALWAYS OVERFLOWING FROM WASTE BASKET (BANDAGES ETC.) WOODWORK LOOKS AS IF IT HAS NEVER BEEN CLEANED, FLOORS LITTERED WITH BANDAGES AND OTHER WASTE MATERIALS AND THE FLOORS NEVER LOOKED VACUUMED.  THE DUST IS VERY THICK IN EVERY AREA OF THE ROOMS.  SO IF YOU CAN OVERLOOK ALL THAT, HE IS GREAT.  	4	1	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	Dr Feldman saw my elderly father. Dad had dementia which made him hard to deal with, but Dr Feldma & staff were gr8 to him. The dr sees many elderly patients. Dr Feldman was extremely thorough, kind & patient as he tried to save Dad from the neglect and incompetence he had suffered from another. Dr Feldman went the extra mile for Dad & seemed to really care. His practice is busy & the Dr is usually very late. That's because he won't turn anyone away. Practicing medicine seems a genuine passion with him & one for which he is very gifted. He is community minded. His walls r strewn with accolades. I would have dearly loved taking Dad to many more appts, but sadly he passed away. But, not before or without the heroic, educated, compassionate & certainly competent efforts of Dr Feldman to save his life. Had Dad been seeing him sooner, I know he would still be alive. Dr Feldman exhibits a rare passion for medicine. If you want a GR8 Dr, see him.  If you want a fancy waitroom & lattes, don't 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
6	1	Dr. Feldman is a very caring and thorough doctor. He goes the extra mile for his patients. His kindness knows no limits.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Great doctor. Takes time to listen to you! You can ask as many questions as you want and she will reply. She even comes to the reception desk to talk to further if you need that. One issue though, I was very sick last year and she couldnt diagonalize what was wrong with me. But, I went to 2 other docs and even they couldnt figure out. So I can really blame Dr. Farough for that. But otherwise, great dr., I highly recommend.  	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Aetna
8	0	I have been taking my children to Farrell Pediatrics (also known as South riding Pediatrics)in South Riding for over two years now. South Riding is a community in desperate need of another Pediatricians office. The community has grown so large so fast that the quality of service at this location is no better than taking your child to an overcrowded overwhelmed emergency room. You are just another number/co-pay here. This practice has fallen apart before my very eyes and I have decided that I would rather take my children to my Family Practice Dr than to continue to subject my children to the sub-par treatment you will receive from this office. A couple of the Physicians are great (Dr Ben and Dr Lynn) but very overwhelmed and virtually impossible to get an appointment with. Take my advice and find a different place to take your children (if you truly care about the treatment they will receive). I for one prefer personalized care and do not want my children being just a number.  	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	-1	when you are trying to make an appt, they never have any spot open and they tell you to call back later...  :( 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
8	-1	I have been with Dr. Farrell in Reston since 1997.  Since then he became much bigger and opened another location. His practice now is very dissapointing and the staff is nothing but rude. Their customer service is the worst! It's too bad because Dr. Farrell was highly recommanded and I thought he was an excellent doctor. I'm sure he doesnt realize how far his practice has gone down hill.  On a sale from 1-10 its now a 1 comapred to the 10 he was in 1997! 	1	2	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	-1	Agree with all the other negative comments.  All the docs are really nice, unfortunately I wasn't looking for a new best friend.  They left my son's reflux untreated for 4 mos and b/c of it he now has a GI Ped, Ped Dietician and an Allergist.  He wasn't gaining wgt at all; they said it was &quot;just the way he was&quot; but no, it wasn't, it was b/c he was allergic to dairy!  Glad we switched!  And the triage nurse is awful.  	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	-1	This now a substandard practice, which is unfortunate because when Dr. Farrell's father ran it, it was great. It has now become nothing more than a business where you and your children are treated as customers as opposed to patients. The &quot;triage&quot; done by the nurse (not the doctor) is nothing short of a joke. And if you discuss the issues with the doctors they will simply refer you to the office manager. It felt like the doctors have no desire to take responsibility for THEIR practice, and in turn treatment and patients (or as they see you - customers) suffer. Whose practice is it - the doctor's or the office manager's&#63; The doctors seem unwilling to take any responsibility for what is going on, and I think that is why it is a revolving door for docs - anybody who is skilled and dedicated will be unlikely to stay. I used to love them, now I left, but they just don't seem to listen to the concerns of patients. I guess that is what they pay an office manager for.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
8	0	Dr. Farrell is fine, but the office staff at South Riding Pediatrics is incompetent. My daughther had her scheduled appt to receive her 9-month old shots, and when we arrived they claimed the appt was cancelled...even though they had call 2-days prior to confirm the appt. I even explained how I had taken off work & taken her out of daycare to come to the appt, and all they said was &quot;sorry, some how your appt was deleted and we don't have any openings untill Nov. (was over 2months away).  Bottom line: the office staff sucks! 	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Aetna
8	-1	I was extremely unhappy at South Riding Peds.  There, you are treated like a child by the staff having to be put through &quot;triage&quot; in order to have your child seen by a doctor.  The turn around in physicians is constant and you are a number, not a person.  They even charge if you call after hours to speak with the Dr, On Call. I am so happy I left that practice and am now with a pediatrician who will see my children when I, THEIR MOTHER feel it is necessary! Don't say I didn't warn you! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Dr. Farrell is an excellent doctor, as are all the doctors in his practice. He is knowledgeable about all of the latest medical information. He is patient and makes sure he answers all questions. I have found everyone at Farrell Pediatrics to be professional and skilled. When I once complained about getting the runaround on a prescription refill (file was at his other office), he responded personally and effectively, and the problem was solved.  The best! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	I LOVE MY DOCTOR . HE HELPS ME WITH ALL MY NEEDS AND IS VERY KNOWLEDGABLE 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	Dr.fee sent me out with depression meds and after we had a argurment he dismiss me from his case file. I taped our conversation with him hollering at me being very rude and nasty to me.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
10	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	This is the worst office I have ever visited. The Dr is ok and she does know her stuff but her staff is horrible. They greet their pt with &quot;$25&quot; which is the co-pay. I was so surprised because I work at a Dr office and I would never treat a patient like that. Their phone system is also a big no go. All I wanted to do is schedule an appt and I had to leave a message every time. The DR does not seem to care about it neither because I mentioned it to her and compalianed and she said if i did not like it, its better for me to look for a new DR. My mouth droped. 	1	3	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	She and staff are very friendly. Yes wait times are sometimes long, but I would wait all day to see her. I trust her and her ability to take care of me and my needs.  The wait is worth the service!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	-1	I have to say that this is the worst doctor I have ever dealt with. In all the times I have been to the office I have seen her a total of twice. She has her nurse practitioner filling in for her and that woman is rude, not in complete awareness of what's going on and irrelevent. The up front staff is nice, this review is in no way reflective of them. I have to change OB/GYN's now because I am terrified of this woman delivering my child because she seems to never have the correct information on me. I have been sent to high risk specialists and she never has the charts available and never tells the nurse what's going on so they ask me duplicate questions and act like I am not telling the truth when they neglected to get the proper notification. I would run, and run fast, from this organization. Too many patients, not enough one on one with doc and the wait times to get to the back are atrocious. I was referred to this place and wish I had not listened. Very, very disappointed. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Hands down, Dr Filla is the best OB/GYN I have ever had in twenty years and I recommend her warmly. She is not only extremely knowledgeable, but is also the kindest and most compassionate you could possibly find. She truly cares about her patients' well being. She always listens to my questions and takes the time to answer; she never brushes off my worries and always follows up promptly whatever the concern. When my routine exams called for further testing, she always put my health first and that in itself speaks a ton--compared with other OB/GYNs I had in the past. When I had serious problems early on and throughout my pregnancy, she went the extra mile (both medically and humanly) to make sure the baby and I stayed healthy, and we did! I will always be grateful to her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
14	1	. friendly staff and very quick and efficient~! would definately recommend! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
14	1	My husband and I are both seen by Dr Feldman (my husband has seen many chiropractors around the country over the years and says Dr. Feldman is the best (listens to patients, willing to try different treatments or procedures, keeps up on the latest therapies, etc). We highly recommend Dr. Feldman.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Excellent chriopractor!  Extremely knowledgeable and helpful.  Excellent office staff.  Very efficient..never makes you wait.  Highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	great dr.always helpful..staff very nice and prof. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	Rush rush rush.  Made a diagnoses without asking for my symptoms. 	5	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	South Riding Pediatrics is too overwhelmed to properly care &amp; diagnose patients, which is very dangerous!! My son was misdiagnosed at least 3 times by Dr. Ferrell &amp; he appears to be to arrogant to listen to the parents of his patients. And I'm talking some serious misdiagnoses that have let my child suffering from topical steroid dependency &amp; covered in a biazzare skin rash from head to toe which will take months to recover from.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
17	-1	I was his patient back in 2010 and was diagnosed with LOW GRADE cervical dysplasia.I agree with the others--he can be very insensitive.What did it for me was when I got scheduled for a procedure and nobody informed me that  my procedure got moved an hour early.Actually,I was already in the hospital 2 hours before my supposed scheduled minor surgery but did not know about the change when I got a phone call asking where am I and that THE doctor is upset because I did not show up on time.To make it worse,when I tried to explain to him what happened he gave me an apathetic expression and said, &quot;Get undressed!&quot; then walked out.After that day,I decided to fire him.YES..we can fire our doctors!BTW,he considered HYSTERECTOMY on a woman of child bearing age (me) with a LOW GRADE cervical dysplasia.What he did not know was I am a doctor as well. 	 5/2/12	3	2	1	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	I was unhappy with Dr. Filipescu as my OBGYN. uring my pregnancy, he strongly advocated that I either have a c-section or an induction 1 week before my due date. There were no medical reasons for either, but he believes that, in his words, &quot;there's nothing natural about natural births&quot; because they wreak havoc on the mother. He mocked any questions I asked about delivery. Example: after taking a Lamaze class I asked whether it could help to walk around the hospital room after labor started and he said &quot;did you take a lamaze class&#63; People who take classes always ask dumb questions&quot; His daughter also has a condescending style. Both seemed like they hadn't opened a medical book in 20 yrs,since much of what they said contradicted the current medical lit/other doctors. A couple positive things: he conducted an amnio for me w/o any problems, and he was complimented by other docs for how well he circumcised my son.  So if you did want a c-section, I get the impression he would do it skillfully 	 9/4/10	3	4	2	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	-1	I saw Dr. Filipescu for the my third pregnancy.  First was a c-section, second a VBAC.  I wanted to try for a VBAC again if my health and my baby's health allowed; Dr. F was agreeable - until I got to about week 30.  Then he pressed hard to schedule a c-section.  He told me that babies are - by definition - better off outside the womb than in after week 36.  When I asked if my or my baby's health suggested specifically that she needed an early delivery he said no.  He repeated that as a rule ALL babies are better off outside than in after week 36.  He also told me my final ultrasound results were &quot;very worrying&quot; because my baby was measuring at the 10th percentile (I'm a slight 5 footer), and then revealed he hadn't actually looked at the ultrasound. In fact according to the report my baby had all very positive indicators, she was just small. That was the final straw. I switched OBs at 37 wks. I had a successful VBAC. 	 11/13/09	2	4	2	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr. Filipescu is a great doctor.  Very kind and reassuring.  He is soft spoken and actually listens to you.  The other doctor in the practice is great also, Dr. DiPaolo.  You can trust them both with your health care.  	 8/13/09	4	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Dr. Filipescu has been my gynecologist since I hit puberty. He is confidential and completely trustworthy. I don't feel uncomfortable with him, and I feel like I can tell him about my life. His office is in Arlington and is easy to get to. He and his staff are kind, helpful, and knowledgeable about their field. I can trust him to give me the best advice for what action to take regarding my health and birth control choices.  	 7/25/09	5	3	5	Insurance:Aetna
17	1	Dr. Filipescu has been my doctor for 25 yrs. I prefer doctors who are teachers. I find them up-to-date and professional. He qualifies in both categories - his office staff also. He has performed 2 rather complicated surgeries on me. My husband waited nervously during the surgeries. As soon as the procedures were over, the dr. answered his questions and assurred him I was ok. The hospital staff told me that I had the best surgeon and the one they would choose for themselves. They were very respectful of him and deferred to him in all matters. My daughter is his patient also.  She feels the same way.  He is extremely professional and caring. He is attentive to questions and allows as much time as needed for them. I cannot express enough my respect for this man, this doctor. He laughs and says he is surrounded by women at home and in the office. He is justified to be in an enviable class by himself.  	 7/23/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Coventry
17	0	I had my first baby with Dr Filipescu and then a miscarriage with him.  He is the eperience but nothing else.  Here were some my big issues: does not take the time to explain, presurrizes to opt for inducing labor (3 friends)or a C-section (me), staff (other than the nurse) is the worst and the doctor needs to be blamed for this as he is the one hires this staff. My first pregnancy was really very good so I did not worry about some of these things.  But the second time was an eye opener. He did not even order a pregnancy test for me and just declared I was pregnant since my test at home came back positive.  He does not do regular visual ultrasounds just the checks the heart beat.  But once the miscarriage happened it got really bad - they could not schedule a D&E; and their front desk person asked me to just stay home and let it all pass as people used to in the olden days. They were so insensitive - it was a nightware. There are many other good doctors with good teams-GO TO ANOTHER.  	 6/17/09	1	3	2	Insurance:Aetna
17	1	Dr.Filipescu is the best!I would not have my 3 healthy kids but for his suberb knowledge.I had a daughter in 05,another in 06 and a son in 07.Each time,Dr. P (my nickname for him,he's such a softy once you get to know him)had to perform myeomectomies,with my first pregnancy, one of the fibroids was as big as a cantalope.He said on top of me with taking care of myself including my weight,my first daughter was born after my blood pressure shot up and he had to make a call whether to deliver or not.Also, he holds you a certain way and lightly scratches your back when getting the epidural,during my 3rd pregnancy the lady couldn't put the needle in and I told her to wait until Dr. P came in the room, but she insisted.  As soon as he came in an held me, she got it right and noted,yeah I guess we should have waited for him.He is the absolute best! I'm a lawyer,very straight shooter.You and baby will come through perfectly healthy with him.I live in MD,work in DC,delivered in VA b/c of Dr.  P! 	 5/8/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
17	1	Wish I could give a ringing endorsement.I've been going to Dr. F. for over 20 yrs. Prior to him I went a few yrs. to a female GYN who had a better bedside manner, but had a malpractice suit against her. I went to Doc F. on recommendation from a dr. my mom worked for. A few yrs. later he did mention I was becoming fat (based only on the scale) and I told him that I had been near anorexic when I first saw him. He shut up about being &quot;fat&quot; since then. (I've been 140-ish lbs. at 5'7&quot;)He's def. old school, but he doesn't rush me when I have qstns, exams aren't painful for me, and he's complimentary on my taking care of myself. I do like wine on occasion. He doesn't agree. Oh well. As long as he doesn't lecture me. Guess I'm too lazy to change doctors. I have new insurance &quot;Guardian&quot;. If he doesn't take it, I'll seek a new doc. Bottom line, I don't recommend him to a new patient.I'm used to him. Also, haven't had problems w/staff. They've always been friendly and competent in my opinion.  	 2/9/09	5	4	3	Insurance:Aetna
17	-1	He almost seriously jeopardized my unborn child's health. I had severe pain when I was 5 months pregnant and I was also vomiting. So I went to the ER and by chance he was there and even before having all the ultrasound and blood test results he told me and my husband that there were only two options and they both required surgery (twisted ovaries or appendicitis) and it was up to me to wait until the next morning and see or proceed sooner. He gave me IV antibiotics and I decided to spend the night in the hospital. The next morning I was fine and left the hospital with no explanation of what had happened. Last but not least, in one of the previous checkups he told me that my vaginal lips were very large and that he could remove them. I find it very unprofessional to tell this to a pregnant woman. Luckily I had to move before my labor, but I've always wanted to report him to the Medical Society.  	 1/19/09	4	3	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Dr Filipescu is a very good doctor!! If you are looking for someone to always smile and tell you how good you are looking ( referring to someone who was saying that Dr F told her she is &quot;fat &quot; ), then you can choose another Dr. If you look for a good care , corect and straight opinions than go for it !! Dr F. took the best decision when I needed surgery regarding my cervix precancerous cells. He proceeded the surgery and now, after 2 yrs, I am perfectly fine, so yes, I will and still recomending him !!!! 	 8/28/08	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
17	-1	I was horrified at my experience with Dr. Filipescu. My three children were delivered by two wonderful doctors in other states, so I came to his office with great previous experiences.  I have a chronic, but managed, disease, fibromyalgia, and take medication for it that keeps it under control.  First he mocked the disease, saying it did not exist, then he mocked the medication I take for it, then he mocked me for &quot;falling for&quot; believing that I had it.  I felt angry, humiliated, and just stunned that a doctor would mock a patient with a painful ... and very real ... disorder.  His entire attitude was rude and dismissive and I couldn't wait to get out of there.  	 8/21/08	1	3	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	-1	Dr Filipescu has no bedside manner. He is very short with answers and does not do a good job of answering questions or listening.  I recently went to see him for a problem and was told that I may be having a miscarriage.  There was no sense of urgency even though I was distraught and in pain.  I am still in pain and waiting for my blood work results to come back.  The receptionist in the office is horrible.  She is RUDE, for no apparent reason.  	1	5	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	1	Dr. Filipescu was fantastic - I have since moved but am considering going back to VA just to have my second child under his care.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
17	1	I stayed with Dr. Filipescu for most of my 3rd pregnancy. But became concerned when he pushed strongly for me to induce or have a c-section as early as 37 weeks.  There was no medical reason for me to have my baby early.  It seemed to be driven by a philosophical stance that all babies are in grave danger and intervention should be the first resort.  I'm inquisitive and asked questions (but still we didn't spend more than 30 minutes talking together over the last 3 weeks of my choosing him as a doctor).  He was clearly often irritated and insulting about my questioning him about why he was giving me the advice he was giving.  Ultimately I decided that although I trusted him in a medical crisis, I didn't want to work with him during what has been a safe and healthy pregnancy as his approach is to treat me as if I'm reckless if I don't deliver the baby early.  	4	3	3	4 	Insurance:GHI
17	1	I highly recommend Dr. Filipescu. Eventhough some people may judge him to be &quot;insensitive&quot;, he's very caring and knows what he's doing. He's a very good doctor! The stuff are very friendly also. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	I have been using Dr. Filipescu for years -- at least since the early 2ks.  He is gruff, but not uncaring and will open up about himself.  He has strong opinions but will engage happily and discuss.  I never feel uncomfortable with him and trust him.  He found a lump in my breast and was aggressive in checking it out (turned out to be nothing).  He is supportive in my choice to be childless -- he doesn't agree, but supports it and helps me make educated decisions regarding this choice.  The staff can be rude especially over the phone -- e.g. several years ago, when I needed IMMEDIATE treatment for a yeast infection after a long weekend of agony.  But Dr. DiPaulo (Dr. F was out of town) did fit me in and take care of it.  I find Dr. F is not judgmental and will listen to my choices -- but he's rail thin and always pushes to have you lose weight -- &quot;big salads&quot;.  He does notice when my weight is down tho and I think he is motivated by my overall health.  I RECOMMEND his to my friends.  	2	3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	0	I will start with the good: The nurse, Sandra, is a sweetheart. Now, here's the bad: the billing &quot;specialist&quot;, Janice, is horrible. Was told I had to find a new doctor in my 32nd week of pregnancy because the practice suddenly did not accept my insurance, and that I would have to pay out-of-pocket and be retro-billed for previous visits. Turns out SHE WAS WRONG. Still, her error caused major stress and worrying. Definitely not what a first-time mom in her third trimester needs! Also, watch out for hidden charges. I was charged $25, without any advanced notice, for the doctor to fill out about 3-4 boxes on my maternity leave document.  	2	4	2	3 	Insurance:Tricare
17	-1	I think 'stern' is too nice for Dr. Filipescu.  He is insensitive to women's health and needs. No doctor should tell a pregnant woman in her most sensitive state that she is 'fat' EVERY single time he sees her....that is what I experienced.  It sounds like I was not the only recipient.  Dr. F is old school and needs to update his medical knowledge.  His response to my complains about not being to breath due to allergies was to stuff something in my nose-all day even during work. If you want a doctor who respects you and listens to you and actually tries to help you with real medical solutions during your pregnancy, this is definitely NOT the doctor for you.  I agree with one reviewer, run as fast as you can to another practice...there are plenty of good ones out there.  I am so glad I left mid pregancy and found caring, professional doctors somewhere else.  This office also had a very high turnover rate. Seems the staff don't want to stay either...ergo the unprofessional staff remains.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
17	1	As the other postings stated he is not warm and fuzzy, so if that is what you need, look else where. However he knows his stuff, so to speak.  He delievered my son in 2004. However, I choose a different practice to deliver my daughter in 2007. I found the receptionist Janice in Dr. Filipescues office to be extremly rude, mouthy and unhelpful. A week before my delivery of my 1st child she found it neccesary to tell me a horror story about how common it is for babies to die during delivery and the various ways they could die. Which this obviously sent me into a panic and I was upset and freaked out for days. I don't know if she is still there, but if she is, expect her to be annoyed to help you and do her job.  	2	5	3	5 	Insurance:Aetna
17	1	i liked dr. F, he is &quot;to the point&quot;. i no longer see him, b/c i no longer live in the area, but the 3 times i went there due to my pregnancy, he was straight forward and did not waste my time. the staff was also friendly. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	Dr. Filepescu is rude, degrading, opinionated to the point of insult, and a bad doctor too. His tone is uncaring and terse, opinions are personal and not medical and insensitive to people as human beings. I would not recommend him to anyone for anything...RUN, don't walk out of his office. He needs serious sensitivity training.  	2	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Dr. Filipescu is not only my OBGYN for the past 8 years - he was also my chemistry professor at George Washington University. He's a superb professor and a par excellence doctor as well. A bit old fashion and can come across as austere. Once you get pass the initial shock, he is quite a teddy bear.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
17	-1	I highly discourage using Dr. Filipescu as an obstetrician. He provided little guidance other than stern, brief statements like &quot;Don't get fat&quot;. He never provided test results unless explicitly requested, and did not explain why he ordered certain tests. I found myself having to do web searches for answers rather than asking Dr. Filipescu. I ended up switching doctors halfway through my pregnancy.  		3	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
17	1	Dr. Filipescu performed a miracle on me with minimal invasive procedures. I had a hyterectomy and a uterine tuck totally vaginally and my uterus had to be cut in 5 sections to remove all the fibroids. I never had pain through the entire surgery or afterwards and to this day I consider him my miracle worker.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
17	1	Dr. Filipescu is a wonderful Doctor who without his help, we wouldn't have our 2 beautiful kids!! His medical knowledge (needing some fertility help) and patience all contributed to our 2 amazing births. Because of him we are a happy family of four and if we decide to make it five, I will definitely come back to Dr. Filipescu.  I would recommend him to anyone looking for a great Doctor! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	1	I was relocated from Atlanta to DC in Nov. 2003. I had my first daughter at Northside Hospital, Atlanta. The Atlanta doctor was okay. I did not have a good experience with the aftercare at the Hospital. I was pregnant in Nov. 2005. Did not know any OB/GYN in this area. I decided to search through several websites and found this doctor. I did a lot of research on Dr. Filipescu and found his background was very impressive. I decided to give it a try. I was a little hesistant at first. As I came to his office regularly, I started liking him. He is NO NONSENSE type of doctor. But my gold was that I need an EXCELLENT doctor that I can trust to deliver my baby. In any event, I was so pleased with his service. Recently, I had a hemorrhoidectomy and was performed by Dr. Filipescu. I was extremely nervous about this surgery, because I had heard it was very painful. He was there early then the scheduled time and was holding my hand the entire time. I would NOT trust any other GYN. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr. Filipescu is genuinely cares about his patients. Whether he is able to effectively express this or not is up for debate. He tells it like it is -- no fuss, no sugar-coating. He's not comfortable with crying, and there is no point in arguing with him, but in the past 5 years, I have never considered switching.  I feel like I am in great hands with him (and his wonderful office staff!) 		4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	0	Dr. Filipescu was... odd. The first thing he said to me was that I should have my fillings removed or I would be poisoned. (not the most comfortable way to say hello) He made me feel very uncomfortable throughout the exam. I would not recommend going to his office, which is extremely out of date.  		3	3	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
17	-1	Dr. Filipescu is not an easy doctor to speak with. He speaks very argumentatively. I agree with the aforementioned statement that the exam was very painful (to say the least). It appeared he had very little, if any, patience for his patients. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	I certainly don't recommend gong to Dr.Filipescu. Aside from his unfriendly, stern, and &quot;no it all&quot; attitude, he grossly misdiagnosed me. As a result of his carelessness, I have paid much more to treat my problem, not to mention the pain and agony I have faced. Not a doctor that should be in practice! 		2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	I recommend Dr. Filipescu, not his daughter ---HIM. If you are looking for someone who will spoil and baby you, he's not the one.. He's been my doctor for several years now and I wouldn't change him for anyone else. He is brief, but provides details if he feels it's important for you to know.. so far, he's answered every question I've had.  		4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	-1	I did not like Filipescu. He is not friendly and will not listen to his patients. I received a 30 minute lecture about how my glass of wine a week will kill me. Find a different doctor.  		3	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
17	1	I prefer Dr. Filipescu over the touchy-feely-in-your-business female doctors I have had. I've been going to him for several years. Very knowledgable, will answer your questions, and is quicker with the worst of the exam than other doctors. I have never thought of him as austere, but have been relieved that he's not overly chatty. I recommend him to friends and to anyone reading this. His daughter, I do not recommend as she is a little pushy, but overall, I feel well cared for as a patient of his/theirs. He is in a father/daughter practice. 		4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Filipescu for about 9 years. He delivered my daughter in 1997 and my son in 2005. He is very thorough. My husband and I would not trust anyone else with the delivery of our children.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
17	1	He is a good doctor. He is not warm and fuzzy so I do not recommend him if you need that but he is a good doctor. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr. Filipescu is a good dr. It is true that he is very austere, that takes some getting used to. In terms of substantive knowledge, I rate him very highly. If you're looking for someone to smile and hold your hand, he is not for you.  		5	3	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	0	Dr. Filepescu is extremely medically proficient, but does not have much bedside manner.  		3	1	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	0	I did not enjoy my visit with Dr. Filipescu. He was unable to make me feel comfortable and my annual exam was rather painful (which it has not been in the past) Dr. Filipescu is rather aloof and dry.  		5	1	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
18	-1	I also think that he was making up false problems just to earn money. I didn't go back after the first appointment. My teeth are fine. If I really did have the cavity that he said I did a couple years ago, it went away. 	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	I agree 100% with the review right below.  The dentist is bery suspicious and I feel that everything he is saying is to make money.  You may or may not have anything wrong with you teeth.  He also makes you feel very uncomfortable, kinda like a typical salesman approach.  I do not recommend this doctor.  Can not trust him.  	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Aetna
18	-1	I went there because of tooth pain. X-ray was done and he recommended  root extraction and a crown. When I asked him to show me the X-ray to look at my root, it did not seem like the root was inflamed. He agreed with me but argued that I should get it done before the pain would get bigger. That made NO sense! Why extracting a root that is healthy&#63;&#63; I waited and a week later the pain was gone and nothing was wrong with my root. That was on Dec. 08. Then another visit: I thought I had cavities on a tooth where I already had a filling. He looked and said that the tooth was split. I was shocked and asked him to show me in the mirror with a light, what he was seeing. He looked again and said &quot;Oh, it looks like that only the filling is split&quot;. WHAT! This Doctor is very suspicious and I feel like he is trying to do treatments to make money!! I think a third of the ratings come from his office staff (which is around mid 20's).  A BIG NO NO NO! 	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
18	1	Excellent doctor. He takes the time to explain the procedure and the options. He refers what is best for you and if he thinks is not necessary he would not recommend it. LOOOOVVVVVVEEEEE this doctor. His office and staff are excellent.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
18	1	Everyone at this office was extremely helpful and friendly. Dr. Favis is amazing! He makes us feel like we are family. The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful with all the questions reqarding my issues putting me at complete ease. The front desk was very informative with insurance information and really worked with me and my insurance to make sure i was getting the best benefits. You're crazy not to go to Dr.  Favis! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
18	1	Dr. Favis and his entire staff are not only experts on the subject matter, but also have great bedside manner, are SO empathetic to nervous patients, proved excellent care in a comfortable way/atmosphere.  They do a great job of establishing rapport and making you feel at ease, while providing excellent dental care!  I've recommended him to everyone I see, and anyone I know that's visited them couldn't be more thankful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
18	1	I had my first dental appointment here on 5/5/08. Dr. Favis is very friendly. He's knowledgable and did a quick check up/cleaning of my teeth. I'm happy with the appointment results I had and made an appointment for my next 6 month check up with him again. So far, I don't have any complaints with this practice. I'm confident his ability to keep my teeth healthy is great.  	 5/6/08	5	4	5	Insurance:Aetna
18	1	Dr. Favis is great and so is his staff! I moved to the DMV area not too long ago, and the idea of finding new doctors were painful but the 4 hr. drive back and forth to Jerset didn't make much sense. After reading the comments on RateMDs.com i chose to make an appt with Dr. Favis and it was one of the best decision i have made. The office enviorment was comfortable. The office staff was professional. I didn't have a long wait time. Needless to say, I am happy! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Dr. Favis is a joy of a dentist. He took the time to build trust with me and explained anything that I didnt understand. He didnt try to sell me any procedures. He is a cool guy in general, even though he may talk a little too much. This isnt a bad thing, but it could make you late in getting back to work.  :-) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
18	1	Dr. Favis and his staff are fantastic. They go the extra mile when there is a dental emergency and follow up to make sure everything is going well. Even when he moved his office further from my home & his office doesn't take my insurance coverage, I still continue to see him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Very friendly and goes out of his way to make you comfortable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
18	1	As one who hasn't had the best healthcare experiences, I totally agree with all the positive comments of Dr. Favis. I chose him based on these ratings. But I was still nervous as I know from personal experience, that you can't always believe everything you read on a ratings board. These positive ratings were totally accurate. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Dr. Favis and his STAFF were very kind and helpful. He takes the time to explain everything to you, and gives you your options and let's you choose which course you want to take. He does a thorough job, and cares about his patients. I would definitely recommend Dr. Favis to everyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Dr.Favis is the BEST! He actually cares & takes time to talk with you & explain everything clearly. He has a great sense of humor & makes you feel comfortable.  Love the waterlase for fillings! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
18	1	i thing he is a great doctor he very ture and fair he will tell you what is best for you and then let you decide.each time i go i feel good about what he has done for me. yes he is good.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
18	-1	had work done, but ran into problems over a few weekends which required attention. when i made calls to his out of office #, i didn't get a reply till usually late sunday night. 	 1/30/07		1	2	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Dr. Favis is the first dentist I actually look forward to visiting. He has an incredible chairside manner, and is truly trustworthy.  He has saved me many aches and pains (mental as well as tooth-related! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
18	1	Super guy! Makes going to the dentist fun. Also great staff and very organized and responsive. 		5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	First off, Dr. Favis is a super nice guy. He explains everything and incorporates your thoughts into decisions about your care. He is up to date on all the latest technology and methods and has been practicing long enough to know what works. I have had at least five different dentists, and Dr. Favis is by far the best. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	very caring, genuine and patient dentist. he and his staff make you feel respected and he does great work on all dental problems. he truly cares about his patients and will work with you on your dental needs.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
19	1	Dr. Fergusson has set my boy Luke in the right direction and attended to his health issues that stemmed from another problem that was recognized by the doctor as she became familiar with my boy. We hold you in highest regards.  John N.   Thank you so much ! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	Dr. Fergusson and her staff are great and my family has been patients for years. She is professional at all times and has become our trusted advisor. I don't understand the negative comments posted here in another review. Dr.  Fergusson is a GREAT doctor and I highly recommend her! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	-1	I am very unhappy with Dr. Fergusson.  I shouldn't have gone back after the last time I left in tears because she was condescending and unhelpful.  Today was the same, but in addition, I was the first appointment and still had to wait an hour with my child while she talked on the phone, and she didn't even acknowledge that she had kept us waiting.  Her quick check of my child left me feeling like it was not an adequate enough assessment to really know if he if he doing ok for his age or if there are any red flags as far as his health.  He was tired from the wait, and she was unwilling to check everything that I was concerned about because he was crying.  The last time we were there she also acted like she did not have the time for us.  She called me a &quot;worry wart&quot; for having questions about his habits and development, which I feel was incredibly inappropriate.  When I take half a day off work to see her, I expect her time and respect.  I won't waste my time or emotions there again. 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
19	0	The waiting time is long, 45 minutes (I judge by several appointments and in the middle of the week) and the staff are terrible. 	3	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Very nice, friendly, caring doctor. My son has been her patient for 3 years and we have always been very happy with their practice.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
19	1	My two kids have been seeing Dr. Fergusson for about five years, and we just like her.  She usually runs behind schedule, so be prepared to wait.  Her staff is not as friendly as they should be, and appear to be inpatient often.  Despite that, I would still recommend Dr. Fergusson.  	1	2	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
19	1	Love Dr. Fergusson. She is very patient and kind. She genuinely cares. When my infant daughter had a really bad UTI she called on a Sunday to see how she was doing. I recommend her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	She is a great doctor with kids. Very patient and helpful. I have been taking my son eversince he was born and he likes her too. She is understanding and doesn't rush you. She is very informative and doesn't suggest giving unnecessary medications to children.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
19	1	She is very friendly and patient. She doesn't rush you out of the door. Appointment are well kept on time. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	As someone who HATES going to the doctor's office, Dr. Filak is the only exception as he is incredibly competent and compassionate and I am so very lucky to have him as my GP. He has never made me feel like I was imposing on his time - quite the contrary - he addresses every concern and, although it may mean waiting from time to time as he is very thorough, you can rest assured you are getting the best quality care possible! Dr. Filak is so knowledgable about the latest medical developments, I have stopped going to an endochronologist as they have never provided any better guidance than Dr. Filak has and endochronology is not even his speciality!  Aside from being incredibly pleasant to work with, Dr.  Filak is very patient, listens without rushing, and provides sound and competent advice that has never steered me wrong! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
20	1	. Very helpful 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	0	Thought he was great at first but then he did not follow up on tests he ordered for me and MRI records were lost through his office. Has no bedside manner and does not seem to want to delve deep to find out what is really wrong. Just hands you your diagnosis and doesn't want more questions asked. Not very impressed. 	3	5	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Very knowledgable and gives the impression that you are in good hands. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Great staff. Very helpful, knowledgeable, and affordable prices. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Dr. F is a wonderful psychologist! I have issues with weight and depression and we have worked to resolve so many emotional aspects. She is the best therapist I've ever been to. I found Dr. F. after trying two other therapists that didn't have time to schedule new patients. The value I get out of our sessions keeps me grounded and focused. Treatment is the best gift I've been able to give my self! I can honestly say that Dr. F has saved my life and enriched the quality of my life with her approach to our sessions.  Dr. F will give you all the tools to peel back the layers of unhealthy behaviors and steer you toward the path to self discovery and honesty. 	 5/26/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	I had a great experience with Dr. Fellenberg. I have a long history of anxiety and depression, and she proved to be very knowledgeable, warm and compassionate in her approach. I particularly liked her integration of mind-body techniques into the therapy session. She was always punctual, organized and had great memory. I was glad that she didn't take notes during the session, as I would have found that quite distracting. I think she made her notes after my visits.  I never had a billing issues and got statements sent to me promptly.  I would highly recommend her, if you are looking for a warm, caring, and easy to relate to therapist. She was such an asset in my journey to well-being. 	 5/25/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	Dr. Fellenberg was the worst therapist I've ever had. She never took any notes, it took her a couple of months to remember my husband's name and get details straight. Our sessions never seemed to have any focus or goal. Total waste of time and money. Also, when I had to travel etc., I would tell her verbally that I would be out of town. One time she charged me for a missed session even though I DID tell her in advance that I would be out of town. And she charged the WHOLE amount. I called her and asked her about this and reminded her that I told her and she said she would refund me. Two months later and I'm still waiting on my check. I doubt I will ever see the refund, it's her word against mine. Bottom line, she just seemed very glib about therapy but quick to collect her money. I wouldn't waste my time on her if you're looking for a caring therapist. 	3	5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	I found in my visit that he kept asking the same question &amp; forgetting he had asked it. Then when he gave me the prescriptions, I checked them &amp; he had left out 2 prescriptions&#63; I felt he was very forgetful &amp; I was having to keep track of what he was doing&#63;&#63;&#63; He was nice.  I did not appreciate the attitude at the receptionist desk. I have seen him numerous times &amp; I feel he is a nice person but just not for me.  	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Aetna
24	1	Down to earth.  Very knowledgeable.  I would recommend him to all my friends.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
24	1	Very intelligent AND caring AND humorous - It is rare to find ALL THREE traits in ONE doctor, but Dr. Ferrar is all three things!  His knowledge is as good as a beginning specialist, in most of the major specialty areas, so I seldom feel the need to go see a specialist, since I can just ask HIM and be confident that his answer is correct. His kind-heartedness has gotten me through several sad times. If I ever move to a different city, I wish I could take HIM with me (as my doctor).  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
24	1	Dr. Ferrar is the shiznit. I dont know of anyone more knowledgeable than him. He is always willing to teach if you are willing to learn. Well mannered and will always talk to you as if you are a peer. great man, great doc. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	. Great doctor!  She explains everything and spends time getting to know the patient and understand sysmptoms 	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
25	1	Dr. Field is very caring and professional. She takes the time to explain things to you as well as to get to know you, a trait I don't find in many doctors today. She is very thorough and does not stop until she is satisfied with her diagnosis and resulting treatment. She is firm but no overbearing--the iron fist in the velvet glove.  One of the best doctors I have ever had.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
26	1	I had doctor Fandino since my daughter was a baby and have to say that he is honest, and very personable.  He remembers my son's  nick name from the first day.  He spends lots of time answering questions.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
27	1	great no problems he's kind respectfull 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	I just happend to find this page and it made me smile.  My sons were patients of Dr. Felice's father when he was a pediatrician in Brooklyn.  It seems that his son has continued the tradition.  Our Dr. Felice was the most caring loving and giving doctor I have ever met.  He worked tirelessly til all hours of the night.  Never once was he unavailable.  The Felice family are lovely people who always sacrificed the time of the their husband/father for the sake of his patients.  Sounds like his son is a chip off the old block.  His father would be very very proud.  I had to write this comment because they still feel like family to all of us who were honored to know them. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	The negative comment posted is NOT AT ALL reflective of Dr. Felice.  I have been going to Dr. Felice for over 8 years as having been treated for breast cancer. He was highly recommended to me and I know I could not have found someone better to manage my treatment and recover.  He was compassionate during my scariest moments.  He immediately had a plan for how he was going to treat my cancer and attacked it aggressively and successfully. As busy as he is, when you see him, you feel like he is totally focused on you and that you are his only patient at that point in time when you know you are not. He made my husband feel secure and confident. His office staff is amazing. You know they are because so many of them are still there. They are extremely positive and professional. The chemo nurses are the awesome, the person managing your meds are on top of everything! When you are a patient of Dr. Felice, the only thing you need to worry about is getting well! A.  Rogers 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
29	-1	This guy is horrible. He is lazy and doesn't care. After my mom's cancer spread I asked her to move in to Va so I could help take care of her. Her Oncologist referred us to this guy. He came in to the appointment looking annoyed like &quot;what do you expect me to do for you&#63;&quot; He would be chewing food from his lunch and anytime we asked a question he would say &quot;I don't know, I have to review your file&quot;. After the third appointment and he hadn't reviewed the file, we were extremely annoyed. He obviously didn't care. Horrible bedside manner. If he's that tired and hungry, maybe he should retire, eat and sleep all day. I'm sure he's made good money off of practicing bad medicine. Please find a better Oncologist and read each review, not just the overall score. This guy sucks. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Dr. Felice is one of the most caring doctors I have ever had. I was diagnosed almost 10 years ago and I am still doing well with his help and expertise. After hearing his recommendations, Dr. Felice allows his patients to make up their own minds, without condemnation, and will work with them as a team. He is open to complementary medicine methods, as long as they are up front with him, so he can help guide them as to the best time, and best way to use them. He is the one doctor I actually look forward to seeing, even though it's only once a year now. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Dr. Felice is without doubt the best doctor in his field. His bedside manner is outstanding and he makes you feel as if you are the most important person he is treating. I will recommend him to friends, family and business associates. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	a wonderful, caring, warm human being who happens to have saved my life twice now. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Dr. Felice is a wonderful, caring physician who followed in nhis father's footsteps. Dr. Felice treats each person as his most important patient, spends as much time as necessary, is very sympathetic to the individual and the best doctor I've ever had. Dr. Felice treats his patients as human beings and not illnesses. He is board certified in Internal Medicine, Hematology and Oncology. I am proud to recommend him without hesitation. Unfortunately, I had to move from the area and have yet to find a physician who is half the man he is and miss him very much. If I ever have another serious illness, I'll go right back to Virginia for his expertise. I would travel a thousand miles to take advantage of his his superior knowledge of medicine. This doc is one in a million. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	great service, cares about patients. spends time talking to family 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	This woman does a fantastic job.  She is extremely knowledgeable and is genuinely interested in making you feel better.  She helped me after years of suffering when no one else could and I am a new person thanks to her.  Her secretery is delightfull and extrememly helpfull.  I highly recommend this office and have sent others here. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	I have used Dr. Farrell for over 15 years.  She is wonderful!  Besides doing a terrific job, she doesn't schedule you for unnecessary appointments. I only see her when I have a problem.  When she has fixed the problem we are done. Sometimes it is several years between appointments.  Other Chiropractors I spoke with wanted to set me up on a regular &quot;tune-up&quot; schedule which I see as an annuity for them and mostly a waste of time and money for me. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Very pleased with Dr. Farrell.  She is tops in everything--kind, compassionate, knowledgeable, friendly, empathetic.  She always knows where the problem is and how to fix it. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Dr Debra made a huge difference in the quality of my life after conventional medicine gave up on me.  I had chronic pain in my shoulder that is now gone.  She's thorough, professional, conservative in her approach and the most knowledgeable chiropractor Ive ever been to.  She connects at a caring, personal level with her patients.  I now live 3,000 miles away and make a point to visit her for an adjustment when Im in town. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Went to Dr. F after numerous conventional docs said they couldn't do anything for me. She felt down my spine and asked &quot;Is this where it hurts&#63;&quot; It was, and she's been right on ever since. She's genuine, helpful, flexible, empathetic...  and all-around fantastic! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	-1	Dr. Fiero appeared very bored. Did not seem interested in symptoms or patient history. Found another doctor.  	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Anthem
33	-1	. Although not the purpose of the visit he provided advice about my daughter without seeing her against her pediatrician of many years 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
33	0	The medical professionals that are affiliated with Fredericksburg Primary Care are trustworthy and knowledgeable.  My issue is with the unprofessionalism that my family and I have had to endure over the years.  Each office visit was very unpleasant and they repeatedly gave out personal information to unknown persons. I have since filed a complaint to the Health and Human Services.  If you are a patient that has also come across this very serious issue, I hope that you do the same.  	1	3	3	3 	Insurance:Anthem
33	0	My wife went to this office to have blood work done for school when she returned to get the results and a tetnis shot the NP informed her the lab work wasn't ready and they don't offer the shots she needed.  She had already paid her 30 dollar copay and the nurse told her she should ask for a refund from billing.  When she called the next day the manager Patty told her &quot;you are not getting a refund end of discussion&quot;  my wife tried to explain the nurse told her she should and that she really didn't receive what she came for even though she called prior to her appointment.  The manager was so mean to my wife that she called me in tears and said it was the worst experience she has ever had in the U.S.  I plan on persuing this further just due to the nasty unprofessional bullying of patti.  	1	4	1	4 	Insurance:Anthem
33	1	Wow! I just saw Dr. Ferguson for the first time. My wait was a little long but he was worth waiting for. The staff were very curtious and he made me feel like I was his only patient. I will be bringing my whole family back to see him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
33	1	Dr. Ferguson is extremely knowledgeable and helpful.  He never makes you think that he is in a hurry to get rid of you.  He takes his time to find out all your concerns and addresses them.  He has a great bedside manner.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	Dr. Ferguson is a good doctor who takes his time and never rushes the patient.  This does tend to make him get behind schedule, but I would rather wait for him than someone who treats patients like they are part of a production line.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
34	1	Very knowledgable and professional.  The staff at her physical therapy office is also friendly and helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
35	1	Good doctor.  He can seem to be in a hurry but will answer questions.  The administrative staff at his practice is a problem however:  the simple act of having records sent to another Dr. took far too much time, energy and follow-up or it didn't get done.  	2	5	4	5 	Insurance:Aetna
35	1	He might seem a little blunt at times but he's a caring physician. 	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	he saw me in the hospital because he was on call for the group that saw me. he thinks he's a know it all. him and i clashed. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	I called this doctor several times to make an appointment when I felt like I was having a crisis. No one ever called me back and I went to another doctor. Very inconsiderate and unprofessional. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	She is very knowledgable and helpful, not only to my son, but the family as well.She is excellent with prescribing medication, conservitively which is a plus with me!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Dr. Fedyszen immediately puts the patient at ease and does not make a patient feel like his problem is crazy.  She listens, is empathetic and holds her patients accountable to do what is discussed and to comply with all medication visits etc.  She is very approachable and has kept my family mentally healthy for years.  I highly recommend her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	My son has been going to Anne for 2 years now and she has done so much for him. He is being treated for depression and bipolar and she does a great job communicating with both him and me. She really listens to my concerns regarding his medicines and how they affect his emotions, actions, etc. She seems to care about what he has to say also (he just turned 8). There are some things I ask her that she may not be familiar with, but she always tells me where to go for the information I need. My calls are returned in a timely manner and I've found her to be a very pleasant, caring individual.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
36	1	Anne is technically a very good doctor. Very professional and knows the drugs well. I was being treated for depression and ADHD. she does a good job with medication maintenance. She falls a little short because she is so distant from patients. Also, when i ran into trouble with substance abuse, she was unable to help me at all and told me to use another doctor since she had no knowledge in that area. I feel like she should be versed in this area if she's trying to treat depression. good doctor for getting you back on your feet and effectively managing medications.  		5	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	Anne has been taking care of me for around 6 years and i'm very pleased with her. she has done a commendable job keeping my depression in check with medicine and behavioral counseling. very professional and she'll get you feeling better.  		5	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	0	. ive noticed he isnt the most honest person when ask about mercury in the shots he said no but upon research the oposite was reavealed and he is always in disbelive when we he sees how smart my kids are as if there poisons arent working and even encouraged us not to potty train my child who is tellin us when she goes beacause she 1 not what i exspect from a doctor 	3	3	2	3 	Insurance:Medicare
37	1	I am so happy to have found Dr. Feldman when we first moved down here. He is a wonderful doctor! Very supportive of our parenting but also very, very good with the kids. I've never met a pediatrician who was so patient and caring. He let's the kids handle his instruments and explain what he's going to do (listen to the heart, look in the ears, etc.) before he does it. It's a lot lesst scary for them and they actually look forward to going to the Dr.'s. My kids are only 2 & 3 but he treats them like they're people, talks to them not down at them. I also like that he doesn't over prescribe antibiotics, so if he gives them medicine I know that they REALLY need it.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
37	1	I always found Dr. Feldman to be wonderful with my children 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Dr. William Feldman is an ecxellent Dr. He has been my son's pediatrician for eight years, he goes above and beyond to get to the root of a problem if he does not know the answer. He has an excellent bedside manner, and follows up with specialist and patients in a timely manner, if he ever retires I have no idea what I will do he is an amazing Dr. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	I found Dr. Feldman to be controlling and extremely unsupportive of our parenting choices including our child's birth, afterbirth care, and feeding. He put a lot of pressure on me to give my child formula even though we were breastfeeding. We have since switched pediatricians and our parenting choices are now respected as they should be. 		5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	I cannot say anything more than SHE IS THE BEST! Dr. Farahmand really does treat each patient as if it's her only. I don't trust anyone else but her.  I am blessed to have her as my Doctor. You will not be disappointed if you make an appointment. She will treat you like you wish to be treated...Her main concern! LOVE LOVE LOVE her! She is SO knowledgeable and experienced. Trust her hands down! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Dr. Farahmand goes out of her way to make your visit, billing, and follow up convenient. She is easy to talk to and takes the time to listen (outside of the examination room) I am so glad to have found her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	The best doctor my daughters and I have ever visited.Knowledgable,compasionate and most experienced.The only Harvard trained and Harvard faculty OBGYN in the area.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
38	1	I love Dr. Farahmand. She spends an INCREDIBLE amount of time with me every time I visit. She makes sure you are getting the best care possible. She emails me constantly to check up on my status and if I have any other issues non-related to Endocronology/OB GYN - she answers my questions the best she can and/or directs me to who (what doctor) I should see. I want to become pregnant and she is the only one I feel can get me on the right track in doing so.  But her main priority ALWAYS is being healthy.. and she will be the first person waiting for you at the finish line when that happens! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
38	1	Dr. Farahmand is THE BEST OB/GYN specialist I've ever consulted with. She is extremely knowledgeable about her field  its obvious what one can learn from 25 years of practicing at Harvard Affiliated Brigham & Womens Hospital! I had some serious complications with my pregnancy. Dr. Farahmand was very thorough in explaining to me, in laymans terms, what was going on with my conditions and what treatment options she would recommend. She spent a lot of time with her patients  a rarity in todays managed care environment  I have always been able to reach her by phone or by email during evenings and weekends.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	So happy I went and saw Dr. Feld, I think the bad reviews were about an old doctor that used to be with that practice as well as another one intown but is no longer practicing.  Make sure you see Dr.  Feld he is the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
39	-1	As a new patient never actually saw the Doctor.  The front desk did not understand insurance procedures, refused to speak with the insurance company and demanded I pay for the visit up front and deal with their lack of insurance knowledge later.  They were Soooo! rude, I left without seeing the Doctor.  After reading these reviews wish I had done so before making appointment.  Just went by insurance company roster. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
39	-1	DR DIFFICULT. Never have had such unpleasant and unprofessional behavior from a so called professional in my life,until this guy. All the warnings are true about him. Stay away from this arrogant combative and disrespectful guy. Not only was his behavior unacceptable, but he then wouldn't release my medical records to my new doc and I had to have my insurance co. plus my PCP contact him reminding him to release them. Can we say immature&#63;  Not to mention, I had to file a grievance about him, and apparently I am not the only one of his EX patients to do so. Everyone is entitled to their own opinion, but its odd to find a plethora of past patients to question his reputation. My entire experience can be summed up in 4 words-COLLOSAL WASTE OF TIME.  	 6/2/11	3	2	1	Insurance:Tricare
39	1	Best foot doctor in the east coast! Treated me and my 5 year old and myself professionally, efficiently, and without pushing surgery..eventhough he does lots of surgery. Staff was very nice as well which is always a plus for me.  	 5/29/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	-1	This doctor is rude, condescending, and truly cares little about his patients.  He treats you as if you were an imbecile and only he has a brain.  There is zero coordination between his offices, you can't even transfer records or appointments within his organization!  The epitome of the arrogant, ego-centric doctor.  He treated us like we were chattel and demanded we rate him as &quot;above average&quot; before we left his office.  He pretended to answer questions, but only in a combative manner, pointing out imagined slights and accusing us of not holding our end of the bargain.  Unacceptable behavior from a supposed professional. 	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
39	-1	This guy like to hear himself talk but god forbid you ask him a question I believe he & his his RUDE staff takes advantage of the elderly. Please beware his practice is a ripoff to medicard & all ins companies & will soon be under investigation!! Stay far away you will never be able to have your medical records once his practice is closed!~! 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Dr. Feld is the most caring Doctor I have ever had. He has help me in more than 5 Occations with outstanding results. I would recommend him to anyone with foot problems.  Sincerely,Tania 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	made me feel comfortable and the treatment was excellent. I highly recommend him, since he is knowledgable about my diabetes and he gave my neighbor bunion surgery with great results.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	0	I keep getting billed b/c their office cannot figure out what is going on.  They also double book the hygenists, so I had to wait an extra hour to be seen or come back a different day.  WTF&#63;  Now my insurance is saying they won't pay because the dentist's office isn't filing the correct paper work.  	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Delta Dental
40	1	The best experience I ever had visiting a dentist, very knowledgeable Dr and fantastic staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
41	1	He books up quick, expect to wait 3-4 months for a well child appointment. However, twice I've called in with a more urgent issue and we've been able to see Dr. Farber first thing in the morning the following day. He's very responsive and attentive to following up with my questions and conerns. He does a quick but complete head to toe exam (one of the best I've seen...and I used to work as a nurse before I became a mom). He seems to be a good common sense doc. He is supportive of breastfeeding. He's a good match for my family's pediatric needs.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
41	1	Dr. Farber is absolutely the best!  He has been right about all of my son's health issues, which was very important for a &quot;worrying&quot; type of mom.  He is very thorough, pleasant and incredibly knowledgeble in all aspects of pediatrics and I recommend him highly.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
41	1	 	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	. very,poor treatment,he will come on to your wife,has been reported to the office of pro ,standards in florida,be very carfull, 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:AARP
42	-1	. arrogant not helpful with elderly patients and short long wait time would not recommend to friend or family members 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	I am his patient and a physician and trust him completely. Very Concerned thorough and willing to get outside expert opinions to augment your care. A sign of a caring confident and competent physician.  I would not hesitate to recommend a family member to him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Very helpful and concerned about his patients.  Works very well with children.  I have referred friends to him several times.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	0	Arrogant.  Not a thorough history taker. Does not look at total person. 	4	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	He has answered my questions and so far has been very helpful. 	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	Did not make significant effort to find out what the problem was.  He did order an ultrasound, but of the wrong part of the body.  	5	4	2	1 	Insurance:Anthem
44	1	Dr. Fasano did a great job!! Very gentle, very caring.  She charged me exactly what my insurance company told her to charge me. My Crown fits perfectly and I am a grinder, but it is still there years later.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
44	-1	Was charged too much for a typical dental cleaning. I could not believe they wanted to charge for cleaning sections of my teeth. Too expensive! 	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Very knowledgeable -- listened to my thoughts, ordered tests as needed and followed up promptly. I recommend Dr. Fariss as the best in the Valley.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
45	-1	NOT GOOD AT ALL, DOES NOT GIVE HOOT ABOUT HIS PATIENS. 	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	WOW! I had absolutely no expectations walking into Dr. Fariss's office today. I've been completely dismissed by doctor's for months now. Dr. Fariss listened to me and was very prompt in getting the right tests for me. I feel very confident with the health care he'll be providing me! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Excellent physician, recommend highly 		2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	Very late on appts., makes patient feel ignorant, treatments outdated according to the rest of the worlds opinions. 		1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	WAS NOT UP TO DATE WITH THE NEWEST MEDICATION FOR OSTEOPORSIS. ALSO WAITED FOR 1.5 HOUR TO SEE HIM. THOUGHT HIS PERSONALITY TO BE UNKIND.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:HealthPartners
46	1	I have used Dr. Feore for the birth of my children and on going female needs.   He is an extremely knowledgeable doctor 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
46	1	 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	The best doctor yet! Wish I were closer so my son could see all doctors in Fairfax. Totally gave hope n understanding when my son's health was in question. Recommend Dr. Fields to any pediatric lung patient.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
47	1	Great great doctor!  Needs to work on punctuality but is worth the wait.  Goes out of his way to find out what is going on even if it means finding you another specialist.  Listens to your concerns and is helpful and aware of the stress put on a parent with a chronically ill child.   A+++++++++ 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	He's very caring and listened to my problems.  He didn't rush me and was friendly to my request.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
48	1	Good bedside manner, polite, knowledgable, compassionate, networks with other doctors well, listens well, good diagnostician.  	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	-1	I had a pain in my tooth.first he had hard time to figure out which teeth.he fixed other teeth and send me home, pain cont, i went back and he said i need a crown. he put the crown but pain cont. i went to other dentist and he fix my tooth in one setting.Funny thing is pain was coming from different tooth .he put the crown on other tooth. any way crown fall with in 2 month and now i am calling him to give me my 4000 $ back.worst doctor and dentist in my life 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
49	0	.  	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	-1	I went to this guy over a year ago. I go there, find out that one of my molars need to be removed, because it was impacted. In the process of removing the molar, I felt it. Asked for more pain killers and he acted like it was my fault for having pain. Gave me little to no aftercare instructions, refused to prescribe me antibiotics and *surprise* I developed an infection. I went back to get antibiotics and he had the nerve TO BLAME *ME* FOR GETTING AN INFECTION! I'll never go there again.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
50	1	 	1	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	I loved him!  He is a great doctor!  If I didn't live so far away from him I would still be a patient of his.  He takes his time w/ you, listens to your symptoms. Is a good teacher (he use to train interns in his office, don't know if he still does) He really cares about his patients. He comes across as what I think of as an old fashioned country doctor.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
50	1	This doctor moved to Chantilly working with Chantilly Specialists LTD at Parke Long Ct. Virginia. Dr. Fasano is one of the best doctors I have ever went to. If he cant find out whats wrong with you, he will get you to the place that can. Diagnosed an undiagosed problem I have had for over 5 years. My only mistake is I didnt find this doctor sooner. Worth every penny, actually went to a doctor and did not mind paying the fee due to having my medical problem diagnosed. -Priceless 		4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	Terrible about being on time but that's becuuse he talks to every patient and is really interested in what is going on. 		1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	-1	I saw her to get a primary care doc. She was irritable and rolled her eyes when I asked a question.  She rushed me and I had to wait a half hour to get in. She was rude and didnt answer my questions about medication interactions with what she wanted to prescribe. I have never been to a doctor that was that mean. I was shocked at her demeanor. 	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
51	-1	Very disappointed with her individual treatment. Said she was going to give an annual prostrate exam at my next visit. Six months later she gave a very rough rectal exam that left me with hemroidal discomfort months aftwards. Presence of hemroids was in my medical records. Rough exam may have created new hemroids. Furthermore, exam was unnecessarily (clear fecal smear test in last six months) and I did not receive an annual prostrate exam. Created a false sense of urgency about seeing a private dermatologist to examine a mole in the small of my back (which I could not see) after a virtual consultation with a VA dermatologist two months earlier, who could have looked at the mole at the same time. Seems to be a fearful personality, and her manner with me has been stilted during three visits. At the front, desk, after my last visit heard her complain that the computer kicked her out of my medical records before she had finish updating them. 		5	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
52	-1	The worst Doctor and Staff I have ever encountered. Very rude and disrespectful. All of them think you owe them. It seems that patients come last, money comes first for that circus. Oh, and be careful of how much they charge you and your insurance. And be prepared to wait a long time to be seen by the doctor.  	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:Medicare
52	1	After several very bad experiences with two GI doctors who were unbelievably incompetent and/or negligent, I was thrilled to find Dr. Fazel. He's kind, a good listener, and extremely knowledgeable. His staff was friendly and helpful--a rarity in doctors' offices these days. He correctly predicted that the diagnosis I had received was wrong even before he performed the confirmatory procedure.  A+ 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
52	1	Staff collected our co-pay twice and never sent it back.  The nurse who put me out in the surgery room, almost killed me with the insertion of the I.V. and caused my blood pressure to skyrocket. I have had many needles because of my history with cancer, so I was never afraid before this.  However, the doctor has my utmost trust in his abilities. He treated my husband and me with the utmost of care and diligence.  Extremely good bedside manners and I felt very safe with his knowledge and skill.  	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
53	1	This doctor is amazing! He is extremely friendly, knowledgable and makes you feel at ease. He can always make you smile and he seems to always be in good mood. I would recommend him to anyone. You'll be glad to have him as your doctor and you'll hate it if you ever have to move from the area, you'll never find one like him! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	The most amazing thing about Dr. Fauzia is that she is committed to being there for you on your delivery day, no matter what.  I have never seen another doctor make this commitment to her patients.  She is very thorough, rather than just taking 10 minutes with you to measure your belly and quickly check your baby's heart beat, she monitors your baby's heart beat for several minutes and also does an ultrasound (herself) each visit to make sure nothing is missed.  If you want just on-time, quick visits, then she is not the doctor for you.  If you want extra attention for yourself and your baby, she should be your top choice.  My baby's weight was a little bit of a concern and I was having premature contractions, so at one point she asked me to call her daily on her cell phone to check in, and had me coming in 2-3 times per week, just to make sure my baby was safe and healthy.  	 7/11/12	5	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	Dr. Fauzia is one of the best doctors I have ever encountered. Most doctors wont even look you in the eye when they speak to you, and all they want to do is get you in and out of their office as soon as possible but this doctor is different than most. Dr. Fauzia was extremely kind; took her time to explain my lab results and answer all my questions. She even gave me her # and told me to call her anytime. No doctor has ever treated me with such kindness and respect. If you want a doctor who really really cares for her patients, you will go to Dr. Fauzia.  I thank God that I found her! 	 3/22/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
54	1	I have been Dr Fauzia's patient since 5 years.From my experience I would say she is THE BEST doctor in town. After a few bad experiences with other doctors I found Dr Fauzia and she has always taken really good care of me.The way she talks is extremely polite and I fail to understand that she spoke to you in a hateful manner.My friends have visited her too and they were all treated respectfully and on scheduled time.She is the only doctor who gives her number for emergencies.As for privacy she always closes the door. You said it yourself that there is no other staff because her husband works with her.No one is allowed in the area where she is doing the examinations.She has always been very kind to all her patients.If you had so many complaints I would suggest you call her and tell her because she doesn't mind criticism because she feels that makes one a better person if they correct it.It would be very nice of you if you didn't write all the wrong and insulting things about her.Thankyou 	 3/20/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
54	-1	She was the worst doctor I have ever encountered.  I was in absolute tears after my visits.   She treated me hatefully and when I transferred my care to another doctor called me several times and interfered with the transfer of my records. She has no staff in her clinic.  I had to wait 3 hours to be seen on my first visit.   The only other person there other than her is her husband who answers the phone.  She leaves the door open while she does pelvic exams and does not provide anything to cover yourself with leaving your body exposed.  She saves the paper towels that she drys her hands with on top of her computer in a stack to wash the floors with.  She does not draw blood or perform tests in her office.  In the bathroom there are tooth brush holders that all her patients use to place the sticks they are to pee on before being seen...gross! I can't tell you enough not to go there! She was rude and insulting. I was most upset.  Please do not go there I cannot warn you enough!!! 	 2/21/12	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	My wife has been seeing Dr. Fauzia for six month now, this is our first child. We are VERY happy with her, she is very professional and calm person. My wife feels very comfortable with her. She gave us her cell phone in case we should have any question any time, how many doctor you know would do that&#63; We love the office atmosphere it is calm and relaxing. Dr. Fauzia works late hours and weekends, that is a plus for me as I have to go with my wife to every visit since she does not drive, because we always see here at 7pm or on Saturday, saving me from having to take a day off every time we go. The high light for me person every time we go is seeing and talking to Dr. Fauzia   's Husband who runs the front of the office. What a delightful person to deal with, he is very knowledgeable person, he always give me advice and hand me the lab reports and explain everything to me, sometimes I feel that he is actually a doctor although he told me that he is not.   Hisham &amp; Nabila 	 2/16/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	she is very helpful and knowledgable and professional in her work.whanever i go to her clinic i feel so comfortable.she answers all my question.she never hurt somebody's feeling.i am visiting her from last two years.  	 2/8/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	I have been using Dr. Fauzia's service for more that 3 years now. Both my kids were born here in the Arlington Hospital Center where Dr. Fauzia practices medicine and both of my kids were delivered successfully with Dr. Fauzia being in charge of each birth herself. Dr. Fauzia is very caring, polite and hard working professional. Dr. Fauzia has been ready by my side from the start of my contractions to the birth of the children. I believe this shows that Dr. Fauzia does her work with full devotion, commitment and responsibility. Her office has always rendered all professional services from the early to the last moments of my pregnancy. Mr. Mohammed Ilyas (office manager) is very kind, sociable and friendly person who always open to help you to schedule appointments at my convenience. I am extremely satisfied with the service of Dr. Fauzia and her staff. In addition, I would like to thank Dr. Fauzia and her staff again for their professionalism and hard work! Best wishes, Aziza Fayzieva.  	 1/26/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
54	1	This is the best doctor that I have ever seen. Dr Fauzia and her staff go above and beyond to make your care the best it can be. Dr. Fauzia makes you feel like you are her most important patient with the personal care that you receive from her. Dr. Fauzia delivered my two daughters and both births where wonderful you could not ask for more from a doctor.  C. Fennel 	 1/18/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	Reading a feedback below one upset patient have left, but i have to disagree over what she have explained regarding voice and not understanding English. I really never had any issue with Accent or any language. Now for the insurance every admin will ask you before you go see a new doctor.Even we had to go through the same procedure. My wife has been seeing doctor Fauzia since day one of her Pregnancy. We were treated as a family member. No issues what so ever with communication, Dr fauzia was always straight forward to my wife and her husband was always providing me with free advices. Thank you Dr Fauzia and Her Husband Mr, ILYAAS. Best of all Free 24 hours hotline personal phone number of Dr fauzia once you become a regular patient,what else a patient can ask for. 5 Stars for DR Fauzia and 5 Stars for her Husband ILYASS. Thank you Thank you so much you both are nice and helpful with lot of knowledge. I will always Recommend your office to new couples and families.  	 12/2/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	0	SYSTEM: 3 positive duplicate or disallowed ratings automatically removed 				 	Insurance:Unknown
54	-1	This a family-run OBGYN. The Dr's husband mans the phones and books the appointments. He answers the phone, &quot;hello&quot; in a thick Indian accent. It isn't clear you're calling a doctor's office until a few minutes into the conversation. I can't believe she allows this kind of incompetence running her operations. You can expect statements like (if you can understand his English), &quot;I'm not interested in what insurance you have.&quot; Or, &quot;We are a small business. We don't have the time to verify insurance for every procedure.&quot; BTW, I called for an annual pap. Nothing special -  I didn't ask anything about verifying a procedure and told him so. He became irate and started calling me names and said, &quot;We don't help people like you.&quot;  Really&#63;  I hung up on him. He called me back and yelled at my voice mail in a thick Indian accent - no idea what he said, but obviously, totally unprofessional. 	 10/17/11	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	My family and I have known Dr. Fauzia for the past twelve years, and hold her in high regard.We go to her basically for anything and everything. Not only is she our OB/GYN, but also our family doctor. She delivered all three of my babies, and has always been extremely involved- probably one of the very few MD's who hand out there cell number to all their patients. She is also intensely proactive, and was able to detect my mother's cervical cancer early on, giving her- with the grace of God- a second chance at life.It is much easier to get an appointment with Dr. Fauzia, as opposed to other specialists- where the wait time to be seen can range anywhere between several weeks to several months. She is extremely accommodating , and will see you after hours, if the need may be. Simply put, I would probably not go to another OB/GYN if I were paid! 	 10/9/11	4	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	amazing doctor. 5/5 from me. caring, understanding, patient and super sweet. she helped me deliver naturally while the nurses kept telling me i would have a c section. she picked my calls anytime of day or night. advised me well. takes her time with each patient and doesn't rush anyone. totally amazing and a must have doc for every pregnant woman. try her, you won't regret. i have no word of praise for her cuz she exceeds them all. love you doctor fauzia. i'll be back for other pregnancies :) 	 9/11/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Dr. Fauzia was extremely kind and caring when I went to her for my first child. I am now going to her for my second. She allows you to call her at anytime and takes a lot of caution with you. There is a level of personal care and patience which I could not find at any other office.  	 6/29/11	5	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	Dr. Fauzia is the most patient and compassionate physician I have ever been examined by. She takes the time to answer any and all of your questions and does her best to alleviate any concerns you may have. She will even go so far as to give you her own personal cell phone number, and actually answers the phone when you call!  If you are afraid she encourages you to pray, when you are happy she shares your joy. She is understanding and kind. I will be forever grateful to have been able to be introduced to her. It is hard for me to go to other physicians' offices now, as she has set the standard way above any expectations.  	 5/17/11	5	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	I recently had my first child and Dr. Fauzia was my doctor throughout my pregnancy. I cannot express enough how pleased I am with the care she provided. She was personally available day or night to assuage any concern I had and always made time in her schedule if I needed to be seen. When I went into labor, she slept at the hospital overnight so that she would be there when the time came. She is so kind, patient, and dedicated. She is one of a kind and my pregnancy experience was so much better because of her.  	 3/21/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	My wife and I were married for 3 years without having children.A friend recommended Dr. Fauzia , in our first visit took the time to listen to our case and did the analysis necessary and come out with the option we have,she give us time to read about my wife anomaly and choose the option that we see it good for us. With an outpatient surgery .after one month with the help of God my wife was pregnant .I had 3 baby girls and in all of them doctor Fauzia was not doctor to my wife but Mother.She honors my wife request to have vaginal delivery. 2 weeks ago my wife was on the hospital for delivery. The Nurse reported that my wife still have 10 hrs.to  deliver, Dr. Fauzia agree but she said that she  will be waiting in the doctor room because her hart told her not to leave the hospital. In 1.5 hrs. My wife was having the Baby and Dr. Fauzia was there for the delivery. Dr. Fauzia Hart told her not to go because she care about patient first .Thanks Dr. Fauzia and God give you the reward.  	 12/13/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
54	1	I decided to wait the whole 9 months before giving a rating to guarantee a thorough, objective, and complete experience rating. Dr. Fauzia has been the best thing that happened to me as an expectant mom. I had tried a couple of OBGYNs before and had a horrible experience. She is a good listener, personable, patient, and knowledgeable. She gave me her Cell number to call her whenever I have a question or concern throughout my pregnancy. She also respected my wish to have a vaginal delivery, and did everything possible to make sure it was so. During a couple of emergency situations she took me in on the same day. During more than 20 visits we never felt like we were being rushed. She always made sure she answered all our questions before leaving her office. She successfully built the necessary trust and bond between me as the patient and her as the doctor, and oh boy that's very critical when the big Day comes: She went out of her way and spent about 16 hours with me @ the hospital.  	 9/19/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
54	1	Dr.Fauzia...There are no words to explain about her...she is the best doctor. She has lots of experience in her field and lots of patience to listen to each and every concern of mine very patiently.      She made me feel comfortable by explaining all procedures in detail. She was available anytime on her cell for any questions we had.I have been going to her for the past 4 years and had a baby last month. Her staff have been very helpful.      I would definitely recommend her 	 7/6/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
54	1	Hi , we met Dr fauzia first time in oct 2009 for our first baby.she is very corporative, helpful . she is always ready for answers or describe the things .during last days we were on frequent visits even late night , eveen at mid night over the phone . she guided us so many things which leads towards a normal delivery.she was also very help full in terms of financial issues as we were missing insurance . but she helped  us a lot so we didnt feel burden at any time  for paying her. everyhting was like smooth sailing from start to end. i wish her a great success through out his career. 	 6/3/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
54	0	SYSTEM: 3 positive duplicate or disallowed ratings automatically removed 				 	Insurance:Unknown
54	0	SYSTEM: 3 positive duplicate or disallowed ratings automatically removed 				 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	I highly recommend Dr Fauzia.  She listens carefully to her patients, never rushes appointments, is very accommodating to working moms' schedules, and is very knowledgeable and skilled. When delivering my first child, the labor was very long and doctor Fauzia stayed by my side for more than 10 hours to make sure that everything was going smoothly and do whatever she could to let me deliver naturally as I wanted.  Despite the difficulty, I was at peace through the whole process knowing that mine and the baby's health were her top concern and she would step in if a C-section or other any other intervention were needed for a safe delivery.  She was even up at all hours during winter shoveling her driveway in case I went into labor during the big snow storm and stayed at the hospital the night before I delivered.  She also schedules evening or weekend appointments to accommodate work schedules.  Her patience, dedication to her patients, and skill make her a fantastic OB/GYN.  	 3/29/10	5	4	5	Insurance:CIGNA
54	1	My girlfriend and I wanted to her to have a natural birth and Dr. Fauzia was very supportive of our wishes, saying that the only way she would ever intervene and have to ignore our birth plan was if something was wrong and the baby or mom was in danger.  She respected what was most important to us as patients and a family.  Because there were no complications, she helped us avoid an episiotomy by stretching the mom's perineum during the birth.  She also was very willing to answer any questions we had during the months prior to birth which was very reassuring to us as first time parents.  We also felt very comfortable knowing Dr. Fauzia's dedication to her work, which to her, is not work but a lifestyle.  Her sister and Husband work in her office, and she is on call 24 hours a day, which I guess must be how an OB must operate, but Dr. Fauzia seems to take it a step further.  	 3/22/10	5	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	Dr. Fauzia is the best. Through out my whole pregnancy period she gave us very good care. Specially on my delivery day, i saw so much peace on her face. she treated the whole case very carefully and with best care. i respect her by my heart.  She is simply the best :) 	 3/15/10	5	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	Dr.Mutahar Fauzia,   Myself and my wife, Mrs.Girija, parents of Anand Chandrashekaran, are immensely thankful  to you for handling delivery of our daughter in law, Ms.Archana, so well and so professionally and at the same time with utmost personal care as if handling the delivery of your own daugter.    In India, we believe that God comes and helps in the disguise of man/woman.  When my son and daughter in law were searching for a good Gynecologist in and around VA, it was by the Grace of God that they could zero in on your name and address.     Earlier in Feb 6,2009 you had almost performed a miracle in removing the Fibroid from Archana's abdoman, that had paved the way for conceiving the baby.  Now you had reenacted by enabling the safe  delivery  of   our sweet, cute little grand daughter on 10th March 2010.   We have no words to express our gratitude except to say THANKS from the bottom of our hearts.     Convey our regards and enquiries to your husband.   Regards.  NC 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
54	1	My mother requested my wife and I to switch our Doctor to Dr.Fauzia. I remembered Dr.Fauzia served my mother very well  after she gave birth to my baby sister years ago. So my wife and I decided we should see her. Dr. Fauzia screened my wife well and advised us through my wife's pregnancy. Not only did we receive HONEST AND ACCURATE MEDICAL advice, but she was pleasant to answer personal non-medical questions. Surprisingly, we learned life lessons from Dr.Fauzia that can carry past a pregnancy.  She works around the clock everyday sacrificing her time for her patients. You must have compassion, patience, and determination to work like that.I have never known any doctor that works everyday. It would be nice if Doctors were more like her. I would advice anyone if you want excellent medical examination, honesty, reliability, and compassion to stick with Dr.Fauzia as we plan to.We thank the Lord that we found someone like her. 	 1/26/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
54	0	SYSTEM: 2 positive duplicate or disallowed ratings automatically removed 				 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	I have been a Patient of Doctor Fauzia for 10 years. My 9 years old twins and 3 years old son were delivered by her.  She is compassionate phsyican with a great bedside manner. Doctor Fauzia has provided a service beyond my expectations.  I have even called her middle of the night and she drove to the clinic and saw me during the my last preganancy.   Doctor Fauzia extensive knowledge of Medicine and Religious knowledge gave me great comfort through my preganancies.  I admire her and highly recommend her to my family and to my friends.  Doctor Fauzia is the best OBGYN any female can have on her side.  I am blessed by Grace of God to have Doctor Fauzia as my physican. Anyone need any reference please feel free to contact me.  Shamsi 	 12/25/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	She is very knowledgeable in more than just gynecology. She also takes care of the patients as a whole. She is a very kind and caring doctor. Her followups are thorough, and informative. I would recommend this doctor.  	 12/23/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	I recently had a second trimester miscarriage. Originally I was with a different obgyn but due to some complications and being referred to a specialist I was left at a dead end and told to go home until I had a miscarriage. That is when I went to visit Dr Fauzia, I wish I had gone earlier perhaps my baby would still be alive right now. She tried to save my baby all week but it was gods will and not meant to be. But in the week I was with Dr Fauzia she was there for me 24-7 she gave me the most unconditional attention you can hope for. Even after my miscarriage she waited at the hospital to carry out the d&c; on me. All I can say is that every doctor works differently. People have written here that she is concerned with money only which I believe is to be false. She is very upfront and truthful about everything and some people cannot handle that.  I feel a lot of people have cheated her to earned money and now she is direct do you blame her&#63;Best doctor you can have for you and your baby! 	 12/22/09	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
54	1	I guess God create human being for purpose but most of us will forget why we are here except few of us. Dr Fauzi Mutahar is a person with the mission that set her goal not in this worldly life only she expands it beyond that. Let me try to describe her: - Person who has enough experience, knowledge and passion about what she is doing/practicing - Person who fear God and know there is accountability some day after death so she is very careful person in her practice and follow the rule and procedure of the country plus the rule of humanity which is consensus of God - Her mission is not to accumulate money or after name rather she sees it as God put her in charge of this position to test her and she tries her best to full fill the duty and the trust/position God gave her with full of love and passion.      It is hard to find a Dr. that listen and understand your problem. I suggest to anyone to go with her and get the best service that I have received.  Aziza Ebrahim and Seid min 	 12/19/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
54	1	I feel so blessed to have Dr. Fauzia looking out for me.  She has detected medical problems that no other ob/gyn has ever found before.  She is the most caring and knowledgeable doctor I have ever had and always gives advice that is in my best interest.  I have recommended her to family in other states because she is absolutely worth the trip.  May God continue to bless her and those who acknowledge her good work.  	 11/14/09	5	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	Dr.Fauzia is a God given gift to humanity!!One night,due to some cramping I had to go to the ER.After some testing they did a trasvaginal US & told me there was nothing there & most probable it was an Ectopic or what they call a liquid pregnancy.This was very freightning news for me being that I had an ectopic a few months ago.I then went to Dr.Fauzia 2 days later (I researhed OBGYN(S) in my area & went to her based on her ratings).She IMMEDIATELY spotted the pregnancy in my uterus!I then realized how valuable it is to have a knwledgeable and hands on Dr.such as Dr.Fauzia,that privides this level of service.Dr.Fauzia's approach is much more effective!It allows you to have an immediate & accurate response.Keep in mind that Dr.s' today very much rely on Techs & eventhough it may not always be the case;if the proper pictures are not taken or anything vital is not spotted during an US.You will not have the right diagnosis,as it happened to me. She is VERY competent & is EXTREMELY dedicated! 	 11/13/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
54	0	SYSTEM: 2 positive duplicate or disallowed ratings automatically removed 				 	Insurance:Unknown
54	0	SYSTEM: 4 positive duplicate or disallowed ratings automatically removed 				 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	I have 4 children and 2 have been delivered by Dr.Fauzia. Dr. Fauzia has been the most thorough and overly cautious doctors I have visited. Not many OBs do sonograms regularly in their office usually you get one or two sonos during the pregnancy and you have to go elsewhere to have them done. So to have one done everytime is a blessing. Each visit I have to Dr.Fauzia she is so appreciative that I drive all the way from Maryland to see her. Moreover she asks me each time if there is anything she has done to upset me then I should correct her. I have never seen anyone be so humble. She stays with the patients during the time of delivery. Whereas other OBs are called in only when you are completely ready. She has been a very good doctor and I have been moved by her words of wisdom.I highly recommend her to all of my friends and family.  	 5/18/09	5	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Fauzia's for several years and based on this tenure, consider her not only an excellent physician, but a friend as well. I had seen her for normal gynological visits for some years and then she discovered ovarian cysts. I tend to research everything and question most any diagnosis, so any advice she provided to me, I thoroughly vetted and analyzed prior to moving forward with any treatment. In the end, her advice was generally accurate and her treatment superior. I have recently delivered my first child with her. Although she may not have agreed with some of my birth preferences or considered them feasible, in the end my birth was all that I dreamed of and she came through for me like no other doctor would. My only criticism is that she tends to focus on the negative potential outcomes, in order to fully disclose all potential consequences, which could leave the patient discouraged. When push comes to shove, however, she will do all for the best outcome.  	 3/18/09	4	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	Mutahar is a wonderful doctor with a personal touch. Initially we had to wait long time but later we scheduled our visits according to Dr.'s timings and we never had complained again. The staff is wonderful especially her husband, he explains medical details clearly and patiently. Mostly I have to thank her for being available to us at all times... &quot;Call me anytime&quot; she says. So we called midnight few times and we got response back immediately. One more thing worth mention is...when Dr.Muthahar asks you pray or leave everything to God, don't be intimidated!! She more capable than many other doctors. Try googling her name and see what she is capable of...I would definitely go to her again when we plan 2nd kid.  	 11/4/08	5	4	5	Insurance:Lumenos
54	1	I have known Dr.Fauzia for about 7 yrs and to this day she is still the same warm, caring and loving Dr She was and still is very accommodating to her patients needs.I am from MD and it takes me about 1hr to get to her office and she tries to her best to fit me into her schedule so that I am not inconvenience by the traffic on my way to and from her.I have had several miscarriges over the past few years and now by the will of God and Dr.Fauzia's care I am 71/2 mths pregnant and feeling great.She was able to give me what my other Dr couldn't.Around the clock care I can call her at any time and she will answer.If she is busy as most Dr are, she gives you the option to call her after hours where she can give u her undivided attention.I have had to call on off days and she still takes your call.She never lets you forget that pray to God is most important, and that it is God who has allowed her to have the knowledge to take care of you.  She is very experienced and knowledgeable in her field 	 10/30/08	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	First time when my wife and I visited Dr. Mutahar we figured out she is serving the people in order to gain the God gratification, therefore we were persuaded whatever she is doing would be for the interest of the patient. her clear directions are precisly adequate and fitting the case. she has performed  a hysterectomy surgery to my wife last Wed on Oct 9, 2008. it was wounderful and in all meatures very successful. Dr. Mutahar tought me to keep fiath in God and in her. she is skillfull and experts as she always smilling and full of energy to serve the people sincerely. God bless her and her family. 	 10/12/08	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	I came to Dr. Fauzia totally unaware of the fact that I was pregnant. I therefore came to her with many complications. Through her experience in using ultrasounds she told me that the baby's head and the placenta were not in the right position. I took her advise and just prayed. During the delivery the baby's heart rate also got distrubed, and so she quickly did a c-section to save both of us. She says to pray to God and He helps, I can easily say that God helped me through her. My youngest daughter is a miracle for me, a miracle that was only possible because of her knowledge, experience, and support through out the pregnancy. 	 10/4/08	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
54	-1	This is a very unknowledgeable doctor. This will be our first child, and it has been the worse experience relating to doctor. From the very first visit it has gone wrong. My whole mistake was to stay with this lady instead of looking for a doctor. The practice is unprofessional, the doctor is in a rush. She expects one to wait even after an appointment is made. the whole pregnancy she has not even touched and done a manual exam on my wife, all she does is a sonogram and charges the hell out of my insurance. a regular OB sono lasts around 30 - 45 minutes, yes its very detailed and they give you pictures, either hardcopy of a disk. this lady charges teh same amount as a regular OB sonogram and only does it for 10 - 15 minutes, no hardcopy or anything. I mean she preaches about how she has to answer to Allah, I will hold her to this inshallah. horrible dr.  	 9/26/08	1	1	1	Insurance:CIGNA
54	1	Our experience with Dr Fauzia was very pleasent. My wife thank her for her great help and patience. As being our first birth experience, we were having issues adapt to this new experience and Dr FAuzia was there in our side to make our family extension a happy and nice event. We are looking forward to having our next birth with her and recommend her to new patients. 	 8/16/08	5	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
54	-1	I was extremely disastisfied with the &quot;service&quot; I received at this office. 1) I had to wait up to 2 hours to be seen. 2) Her office staff is incredibly unprofessional.  In terms of patient privacy, I find it apalling that the office staff would ask me what prescriptions I needed in front of the entire waiting room.  3) I had a major issue with them using the wrong diagnostic code on my lab tests.  I ended up being charged several times when all the doctors office had to do was call the lab company to change their mistake.  It took the doctors office 4 months and the lab company calling THEM to get a response so I could get a refund. 4) The doctor did not address my concerns and was extremely judgemental. Her idea of treatment actually made my problem worse.  In the process I ended up spending a lot of money with no improvement.  Save yourself a great deal of trouble and do not go to this extraordinarily unprofessional office. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	I'd like to share my experience in hopes of enlightening all. In 2002 I was bleeding profusely for more than a month; I was very frail and facing sure death but unable to see a doctor because I didn't have insurance. But then I was referred to Dr Fauzia whose utmost concern, above anything else, was my well being. She was kind enough to save my life, I on the other hand was a total jerk, once cured I forgot all about her and my payment arrangement with her. In 2007 I was in desperate need of her help again. But I didn't expect for her to help me because of my past payment history, regardless of my fears I approached her, and sure enough once again she showed the utmost concern for my health. I am truly ashamed of negligence in paying her as promised in the past. But must admit she is kind to a fault, a doctor that stands out when it comes to being concerned and caring for her patients. Only if there were more doctors like her. May God bless her for all the good she shows to others! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	When I want to descibe Dr Fauzia these words come to my mind: Experience, Humility, Optimism, Selflessness. We're so glad we've found Dr Fauzia.  We've recommended Dr Fauzia to our friends and they now have a lovely girl, we've noticed that Dr Fauzia actively involves the Dad-to-be with small tasks through the pregnancy, this preperation was a great help when managing the newborn.  From the onset we knew its quite difficult for my wife to conceive and we put our faith firmly in Dr Fauzia and her team, thanks to them we're new expecting! Dr Fauzia is also an excellent counsellor, she's been so helpful to our family.  There is more to being a good doctor than administering medicines, Dr Fauzia is one of the finest doctors We've come across. I am especially happy that she's imparting the same culture to her daughters - Halema takes speical care of us, we wish her the best. Her team deserves a special mention. Thank you all.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
54	1	Few years ago my gynecologist told me that I needed a hysterectomy. As for young woman this news was devastating. Dr. Fauzia was recommended to me, so I went for a second opinion and found that I am a healthy woman and have a great chance to have children. She recommended a much less extensive surgery, which went very successfully. I was so much touched that Dr. Fauzia prays for every patient, for their tests, for their surgery, for their pregnancy. I felt that she was like a second mother when she prepared me for surgery. She was so happy after the success of the surgery; she was very happy that now I have an opportunity to have children. Ive never seen such of kind, caring and professional doctor in my life. I always recommend Dr. Fauzia to my friends. Good bless you, Dr. Fauzia.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
54	1	I'm glad that I decided to choose Dr. Fauzia as my physician for many reasons. First of all, she's a wonderful and genuine person who cares for her patients (she's available 24/7!). Secondly, she let's you get involved with your own healthcare. Her staff is nice-her older daughter, a med student who works at her office, is very diligent and caring to everyone. Waiting is a real issue at her office, however, especially if you take an evening appointment. It's best to make morning or afternoon appointment, I learned this the hard way after spending a Friday evening waiting at her office. But don't be discouraged, even though i waited, I got the answers that I needed. 		4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
54	-1	I personally do not like. She is always in rush, caring more for her business than patient. Moreover she preaches a lot.  		1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	-1	There are several reasons I would not reccomend any one to Dr. Fauzia's clinic. 1) She has an unprofessional staff who are unprofessional and have no idea how to welcome patients at the clinic.2)It is a norm that scheduled patients are delayed atleat 30minutes at times. 3)She is unable to give undivided attention to the patient. She has no recollection of the patient history and would care less who the patient is. 4) She is especially concerned with INSURANCE and will make sure your insurance is WORTH HER time. Otherwise she will not see you for an appointment. 5)The environment is very chaotic and unsettling for the patient. 6)She does not have a PROPER NURSE on her staff at all. We found out that people on her staff were part of her family. 7)We found that she is not discreet about patient privacy and money is an important factor to her. 8) She would care less if the patient was dying and has medicare insurance. I would advise cuation to this Physician who has no medical ethics.  		2	1	2 	Insurance:Anthem
54	0	Proceed with caution. She will make you wait even if you have prior appointment. Many times she may bump patients ahead of you, make you wait and then ask you to come back the next day. Overall she is a nice person and an ok doctor. Her practice is not professional at all. You don't get a satisfying feeling after being seen by her. Most of her disgnoses and treatments revolve around how much money the insurance company will approve and pay her. She would always ask questions about the type of insurance. She would not remember any of our past history. Charts did not have any information I guess. She would keep asking what we discussed last time. She was always in a rush. She never gave us the time and attention a patient deserves. I left her practice in 2002 without even getting my records as they were worhtless. I'll say that her office always let me come in without prior appointments. But I had to wait a long time to be seen. 		1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Dr. Feit and his colleagues are knowledgeable, concerned and professional. It is a pleasure to know that doctors of the caliber of Dr. Feit and Dr.  David Switzer would establish themselves in a rural setting -- we are very grateful! 	 3/4/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
55	1	wonderfully helpful... top notch 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
56	-1	Went for laser hair removal knowing anything about it fetched up $300 and got 7 treatments.  Her treatments include rolling cold metal up and down  and were very painful  that left horrible blisters.  I naively thought that is the way it was.. and did not get mad until one treatment she missed a spot.   6 weeks later I had this highly  visible strip of hair.  When I went back to her she shrugged and said I would have to pay the 300 dollars for the spot she missed!  Finally I wised up and googled laser treatment for men and found a place for 75 dollars.  Their machine didnt blister me hurt at all and didnt involve some antiquated metal rollers.  They told me she must have a very old machine when I told them.  I assume she is to cheap to buy a newer machine.  Also every appointment she is 30 min to an hour late and one time even forgot I was in the room.  My biggest regret is I paid her to torture me 7 times.  Truly nasty doctor out for every last penny she can get. 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
56	0	Horrible. Rude, overbearing, spends all the time bragging about her accomplishments and does not want to hear anything you have to say.  I am told she is good, but I see she has the lowest rating, so being smart is not good enough.  You also have to respect the patient.  She does not! I would never go back. 	1	5	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
56	-1	DR. FARIA IS RUDE AND UNPROFESSIONAL, WHICH WOULD BE TOLERABLE IF SHE WAS KNOWLEDGEABLE AND COMPETENT, BUT UNFORTUNATELY SHE HAS NOT BEEN HELPFUL, OR ADDRESSED MY CONCERNS.  DO NOT RECOMMEND.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
56	1	What a great doctor! Firstly, I have extreme allergies, eczema and atopic dermatitis. Rather than give me a bunch of steroids, she is the first doctor in a very long time to explain the possible causes for this dreaded disease (which in my case may be food based, bacteria, or other possible causes). She will tell you to read up on the SCD diet in order to educate yourself on foods. This material can be found online. Be advised,  she utilizes both conventional methodologies and a variety of natural healing processes as well. Although Ive only had two sessions with her, I am at peace in that Ive finally found a dermatologist who I feel is trying her best to get to the root causes of my condition as opposed to just masking the symptoms with drugs. She definitely gets 5 BIG STARS per my experience.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	Dr. Faria was the only doctor of many I tried in VA and MA who could finally resolve 10 years of bad acne. She was always thinking of what else could be done to fix my problem and understood the emotional toll acne takes on adults.  It took about three different medication combinations and about 6 months to find the right combination but once she found that combination, I have been acne free for over 3 years! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
56	1	I would recommend Dr Faria if you want to get well! She and her staff have helped me on several times when others could not.I now travel 5 hours. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Dr. Faria is a very educated and talented professional in her field.  I see a few neg  comments , but assume they are from the same &quot;UNHAPPY CAMPER&quot;.  Dr. Faria has helped so many of my patients , my staff , friends and my family. She and her staff are wonderful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	I had read reviews here, so was a little hesitant, but Dr. Faria was a consummate professional.  She was thoughtful, honest and direct.  I did not find her rude or brusque.  I went back for treatment and she was again very pleasant, fast and efficient, but also did a really nice job on my biopsy and mole removal.  My father has used her multiple times as well and raves about her.  We are Dr. Faria fans.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	I went for my yearly skin check up and the doctor detected a spot on my leg that she quickly took a biopsy. The results came back with early stage of skin canceer. She handled the issue with great care and calmed me down by letting me know the next course of action. She gave me lots of time to discuss my fears and again, quickly reassured me that we were in this together and I was going to be fine since it was caught early. I highly recommend this doctor and her nurses who also were very caring and patient with me. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	-1	Very poor experience.  I wasted a lot of time and $ following her treatment for her initial diagnosis only to be told it was an incorrect diagnosis (her words) and then had to pay $150 for a scalp biopsy which still left Dr. Faria without a clue as to what was going on, and she even recommended that I see another dermatologist with more knowledge...not very comforting to know she doesn't feel she has enough expertise after just cutting into my scalp.  	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	0	Dr Faria seems as knowledgable as i would expect for any specialist but the appointment was basically a waste of my time.  She met me for no more than 10 minutes, and i had been waiting an hour - my appointment was scheduled two weeks in advance.  She performed virtually no physical inspection of my problem and spent 90\% of the time talking and not listening or asking questions about my issue.   When i asked questions about her diagnosis and solution, i felt like she took that as me being combative.  All in all i walked out feeling like i had wasted an hour and half and $35, i am already looking at other dermatologists online.  	3	1	2	3 	Insurance:Anthem
56	1	Went in with strange rash, which she diagnosed quickly and had cream for- which worked (after I had unsuccessfully tried oatmeal bath, over the counter creams et al for a week). Also dealt with other miscellaneous issues I had, offering reassurance for some, and suggestions for others, and treated one. Highly recommended! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Very friendly Doctor. It can take a while to get an appointment, but it is worth it, and she is very accommodating in urgent situations.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	-1	This doctor was terribly mean, unhelpful, impatient, and brutal.  I would never ever send anyone to her - ever.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	Dr. Fegley was very friendly and put me at ease immediately. We sat in her office to discuss what was going on before the exam, which was much nicer than having the discussion on the table in the exam room in a paper gown. She called me herself with the results and took the time to explain it all to me to the best of her ability and then referred me to someone else when it was beyond her scope of practice. I would definitely recommend her! Her staff was wonderful and better than most. One staff member seemed to have a bit of attitude, but not too bad.  The rest were great! 	4	5	5	4 	Insurance:Anthem
58	1	Dr, Fegley is fantastic...the only problem is that it's harder to get in to see her than the president! I have a check up every year around the same but I have to fight to get in...,the staff either says she's full or the schedule isn't out...can't seem to win.  They are not helpful or friendly, but she is a great doctor!!! 	1	1	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	I love Dr. Fegley.  When you walk into her office, you feel beautiful and smart because she makes you feel that way.  She is a great doctor and tells you exactly what is going on.  My only complaint is that it takes forever to get an appointment.  I just make myself a note to call early.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	I love Dr. Fegley.  She delivered my son and it was a great experience.  She discussed things with me and explained anything I had questions with.   I am excited to deliver my 2nd with her! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
58	1	Best GYN doctor ever had.  She's gentle, very caring, listens and doesn't rush you.  Getting an appointment to see her though takes a long time and her staff doesn't return phone calls. Still recommend her if you don't mind waiting.  	2	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	Dr. Fialk's ability to diagnose and treat acute urinary retention were exceptional.   His staff were professional.  Dr. Fialk was knowledgeable, direct and reassuring.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	Dr. Fialk was definitely put my best interest first.  He saved me from an emergency surgery and referred me to another doctor.  He was caring, calming and very professional. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	A fine, caring physician which is reassuring in dealing with problems in his specialty. Seems extremely knowledgeable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	He makes you feel as though you are his only patient. Wonderful care and an excellent staff as well. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	During my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was an amazing success!Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	-1	I finally left this doctor. I now have a fantastic Medical Oncologist who (IMO) is the best. 	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	Dr. Favret has been my oncologist since 2000. She is very professional, kind and knowledgeable. I have been battling cancer since 1998 and she is the one keeping me alive. Love you Dr.  Favret!! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
60	-1	MD OK office system horrible. Took two weeks to talk with nurse about an emergency and would have had to wait a month to see someone. Changed doctors! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	Dr. Anne Favret saved my life I truly know that if it wasn't for Lord and him leading me to her I wouldn't be here today I can't say enough about her she was the best doctor I every had. The best bedside manors she treated me like I was her only patient and I knew I wasn't. I was scared and didn't know anything about breast cancer and didn't know If I was going to live or die my breast cancer was in stage 3 she explain everything 2 me in terms that I could understand and step up a line of treatment that was very succesfully I have been cancer free for 9 years and I thank you Dr. Anne Favret. I owe you my life not only I thank you but my whole family thanks you. I would tell anyone if you can please get this doctor everywhere I go I tell people about my cancer doctor. Deborah Denise Williams dwilliams@ntis. gov 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	-1	.  	4	4	1	3 	Insurance:Assurant
60	1	Dr. Favret is awesome!  My whole team was superb.  	 3/5/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	Dr. Favret has been my oncologist for 5 years.  She has always gone above and beyond to make sure that I am healthy and comfortable.  She takes more than her allotted 15 minutes with me if needed, answers every question thoroughly and is pleasant and professional.  She has consulted with other doctors on my behalf several times and her thinking outside the box put into a remission that has lasted several years.  I would highly recommend her as an oncologist.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:MAMSI
60	1	Favret was my oncologist for breast cancer treatment. She is business-like, not overly warm in her approach toward patients.  Once she understood that I needed many questions answered during the research phase & that it would take more than the alloted time, she was very willing to modify her schedule for my needs.  She was willing to consult with several of my other doctors (one of whom was out-of-state) and consult with the drs. in her practice to help find the best treatment for me.  I remain cancer free.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Tricare
60	0	I have seen her 4 times. She was nice and helpful the first time when I visited her, but the rest of follow ups just awful. She acts very unprofessional. She supposed to hand check my lymph nodes under the arm, every time she held my guan as a pad and then perform check on me. I doubted if she could feel any thing if I had abnormal nodes. She does not listen either. I dont think I can trust her with my life. 		4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	I have used Dr. Felucca and/or her practice for nearly 20 years and was probably one of her first patients.  I had always been happy with her but when she moved her office to town center area, she stopped seeing me and instead other doctors in the practice took over the general GYN aspects of her practice.  It seems now that ever time I go in for my annual there is a new doctor; I don't think I have seen the same one in nearly 10 years.  Regardless, my care has been good until last year and I was seen my a nurse practitioner who didn't seem to give a very thorough physical nor did she seem as knowledgeable as a doctor.  I will give it one more try but may have to change doctors after nearly 20 years.  	 6/16/12	3	5	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	-1	.  	 12/2/11	1	2	1	Insurance:Aetna
61	1	Between fibroids and another condition, my uterus was the size of a basketball.  Dr. Felluca successfulness performed a Robtic Hysterectomy and I feel 100% better.  The recovery time was about a week - seriously - and I found the staff pleasant and organized. Dr. Felluca is wonderful!  She's no-nonsense but caring and I'm so glad I found her to do my surgery.  I highly recommend Dr. Felluca as well as the robotic procedures.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
61	-1	Horrible, horrible experience. A nurse (!) called me with ultrasound results and told me I've miscarried at 7 weeks. She asked me if I had breakfast that morning and said &quot;very good&quot; when I said no I hadn't - we could schedule d&c; right that afternoon. A agree with other posters - doctors in this practice to seem to be pushing you towards d&c.; They don't make money if you decide to let nature take it's course. In the short 2 weeks between I got my first positive pregnancy test at 4 weeks and the news about miscarriage I had 5 blood test done to check my hCG. This is before even one doctor saw me. Clearly too many tests for a non-high risk pregnancy. Answer - they take blood tests on-site and more tests translate into more money for the practice. I made an appointment to see a different doctor right next morning.  Perfectly female practice&#63; Never again! 	 10/23/09	3	3	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
61	0	I had several friends refer me to Dr. Felluca, and they RAVED about her.  But the day I saw her she was impatient, distant, surly, and so extremely cold and unfriendly, I left vowing not only to never see her again, but not even try anyone else in her office.  It was an unbelievably bad experience.  She must have been having a really really bad day, but to take it out on a new patient in the way she did was appalling and unprofessional.  I would rather she had cancelled and rescheduled my appointment for a better time than to treat me the way she did.  That I could have understood.  This, on the other hand, was painful.  I felt like scum of the earth when I left her office, and I do NOT have self esteem problems.  	2	2	1	4 	Insurance:Anthem
61	-1	I have a blood disorder and they perscribed medication about 3-4 times for cramping pain during my period that clearly I cannot take. I just had my first baby with them. I will be switching. They rush me, made me feel like I was a drug addict for requesting 2-4 pills per month of a medication I know I can take with my disorder and I know works for me. Doctor was late and left me in the delivery room while the baby was ready to come.  I hate this practice!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
61	1	. Dr Felluca hands down is the best OB I've ever been to, I had an amazing experience with the delivery of my first child when most of my friends had horror stories!  You can't go wrong with this doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
61	1	I don't understand where all the complaints are steaming from. I've been a patient since '04 and never had any problems with any of the Drs., receptionist, timing, appointments.  Everyone is extremely professional, accomodating, and make you feel like family.  My first pregnancy was high risk, and they were there to hold my hand the whole way.  My delivery was could not have been better.  I'm expecting my 2nd child any day now, and again they never let me down.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
61	0	Unfriendly and unhelpful administrative staff and constant doctor turnover.  I never saw the same person twice.  	1	2	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	-1	I went to Dr Ambrose and Felluca in this practice for 2 pregnancy losses. Both times, I was not pleased with the level of care received. I was basically told to eliminate the pregnancy as it was not viable without having any choice. I did not even have any symptoms. I chose to wait and get another u/s 10 days later and it took the office 2 days to give me the results of a stat ultrasound. I chose to go to another doctor who blows these guys out of the water. Do not go to this practice, you dont get the treatment you should as a patient; I was very unhappy.  	5	3	2	2 	Insurance:Aetna
61	-1	With my last pregnancy I was required to see all of the doctors in the practice (which was usually at my inconvenience) so I would be familiar with them equally--none of them, except Felluca, was still in the practice by the time I delivered.  One doctor, I think it was Dr. Wilson, actually told me I took too much time asking questions (I had 2!) so she was now late for her next appt (and she was late for my appt, even though I was on time). My last delivery was very painful, even with an epidural.  I pushed for hours and was in agony, they did nothing for the pain.  I am now pregnant for the 2nd time and went for 8 wk appt.  Met yet another new doc w/ the practice, she didn't even bother to ask how I was feeling or if I had any questions regarding the pregnancy.  I waited about 20 min. freezing in the exam room.    I'm online now looking for a new OB.  Perfectly Female won't be delivering my 2nd child.  	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	Staff frowns on patient bringing other children to appointment (s).  Also, received bad reviews on Felluca from nursing staff at Fair Oaks Hospital.  	3	4	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
61	1	Dr. Felluca is the best OBGYN in Northern Virginia.  Very knowledgeable and pleasant.  She cares about her patients.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
61	1	I have been going to Dr. Felluca since 2003.  I have had great experiences with this practice.  I would recommend her, she is always vey thourough durring my visits.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	Dr. Felluca delivered my son last year. Her reassurance throughout my pregnancy, and her upbeat, positive attitude set the tone for a picture-perfect labor & delivery. I *love* Dr. Felluca. Yes, she's tough to get an appointment with -- but it's because so many of us insist on seeing her. She's THAT good. Re: the front-desk staff: I had one &quot;run-in&quot; with one of the receptionists about half-way through my pregnancy, but she apologized for her rudeness at my next prenantal appt. and was exceptionally nice to me from then on. I figure, everyone has a bad day every now & then, right&#63; Bottom line: I wouldn't dream about going to another OBGYN. 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	Staff mostly unpolite. A large turnover on Drs. Dr Patel was very unkind left 2 scars after the c-section and denied it when confronted. Just had a miscarriage the doctors were pretty unfeeling from the start of my pregnancy I called several times and told them I had really bad cramping and spotting the doctor never saw me until I was 9 weeks pregnant. They always said that cramping was normal and the bleeding too, but never asked me to see a Doctor. All they ever did was check blood all the time.  I had to have 2 consecutive d & c and no one really explains why&#63; 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:MAMSI
61	1	I am thrilled with this office. I have been with the group for over 2 years now. The nurse's station was very kind on the phone *during* my miscarriage, though I will say they were a little insensitive the following day. I have never waited very long in the waiting room or for the doctor or nurse to come into the examination rooms. Dr. Felluca spent considerable time with me AND my husband when discussing fertility strategies and was extremely helpful, encouraging, and willing to take the time to talk to us in depth. This is more attention than I think I've ever received from any OB/GYN in my lifetime. We are now having a successful pregnancy and I'm looking forward to working with the rest of the doctors at the practice.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
61	-1	I'm an older teen who's had ovarian cyst problems for a while. After being in the ER all night with horrible pelvic pain and irregular bleeding, Dr. Felluca came to examine me in the hospital the next morning. She was rude and scared me, telling me that I wasn't in pain and that I would &quot;become bed-ridden&quot; and have colon problems like a &quot;60-year-old.&quot; I started to cry. She wasn't even making sense. I ended up having my mom check me out of the hospital; Dr. Felluca had decided to override the orders for pain contol. Before I left, she did apologize to me, after speaking with my very-upset mother. But then, Dr. Felluca went and had a long talk with Dr. Patel, who was then my current GYN. When I went to follow-up with Dr. Patel, she told me, and I quote &quot;there's nothing else we can do for you.&quot; Before her talk with Felluca we'd made a list of birth controls to try to control the cysts. But... they gave up on me. Aparently, I'm a high-risk patient. Please, be cautious with this practice. 	 5/18/07		2	1	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	Even though I'm 8.5 months pregnant, switching doctors can not wait. I'v had not one but two emergencies that weren't taken care of or addressed by my doctor. Multiple canceled appointments and phone calls that went unanswered. I've talked to the office manager more than any of doctors or nurses which I also see as an issue since she's not a healthcare provider. I haven't seen my doctor since I was 10 weeks along despite several appointments with her. I've seen the physicians assistant more than anyone and while she's pretty nice, she's not Dr. Felluca. Like most of the people that posted here I've spent countless hours in their waiting room and been subjected to their &quot;rude&quot; staff. I've witnessed multiple office fights with staff (non-doctors) and the receptionists harassing or berating patients. I've found a new doctor and would reccomend that Felluca get a new practice and staff before I'd ever tell anyone to go to this group.  		1	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
61	1	I acctually am very fond of this practice, especially, Santiago and Patel. Horton is no longer with their practice but I really loved her. Felluca is hard to see, but she did deliver my baby and I feel she did a great job (although, I have easy deliveries). I shopped around, A LOT, and believe me, this practice is as good as it gets in the NOVA area. I am quite picky. As far as the receptionist goes, other practices in that area have much worse receptionist. My only problem with the practice is that after I had the baby and had an issue 2 years later, the nurse told me they couldn't help me and told me to find somewhere else. I wouldn't waste your time with many of the other pracitces in the area. If you want kind, patient, understanding doctors - I really think these are the best.  		3	4	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
61	1	This doctor is the best in their practice. But the receptionist, especially the young one with curly hair, is VERY RUDE! They are at times very professional, Felluca is a great doctor, but the receptionist is very rude. I was late to pay money at one time (forgot wallet), and they went crazy. They said I can't see the doctor if I don't pay it now. All they want is your money. I suggest Felluca and Santiago, they are very nice and professional. Some aren't. I went for a prescription which should be kept more confidential. But they said it out loud in front of the waiting area. I was embarassed. DO NOT SCHEDULE WITH HORTON OR PATEL. Horton felt my breast like she didn't want to. Patel seemed like she didn't care, she's just doing it for her job. Santiago and Felluca I think are great.  		1	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	-1	THE RECEPTIONIST WAS SO RUDE...FINALLY I WAS ABLE TO SCHEDULE AN APPT! SAW THE DR, SHE STEP OUT N I WAITED FOR AN HOUR FOR HER TO COME BACK. NEVER AGAIN.  		1	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
61	0	I waited 3 hours to see the doctor for an appointment I had waited 2 months to get - not one apology from anyone. In fact, I think they were angry that I asked if anyone knew that I was there after the first hour. Had to call for irregular bleeding and after 4 conversations with nurses, still don't have an answer. Looking for a new doctor. 		1	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	I had to page in the middle of the night due to irregularity and hemoraging. The doctor on call was in this clinic and she said it was in my head and not an emergency...i couldn't get an appointment for 2 days after that, and it turned out all tests were inconclusive because it was too late to get accurate, dependable results. I ended up spending 2 days and too much money taking additional tests to ensure that everything was &quot;fixed&quot; when I could have had everything resolved in one night. I've sat in the office for checkups for over an hour before getting any attention, and have never received an apology. I don't think I could find a doctor's office that cares less about a patient.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
61	0	I went to this doc after numerous positive recs. Waited 2.5 hours without any apology. Doc came in, obviously exhausted. Failed to do breaast exam. When I told her, she said she had done it. Decided she was just tired and deserved a 2nd chance. Could not get appt. for months. Gave up. 		1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	This practice has gone down as the one post states. I am looking into switching myself. I also have felt herded in and rushed out. I have PCOS and have had not attention put to that issue what so ever.  		4	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
61	0	I have switched after 6 years. For the past 18 months this practice has been the most unresponsive medical group I have ever had in over 50 years. Phone calls are not returned and it takes months of waiting for an appointment. The time with the doctor during annual checkups was minimal at best. I felt like patients were just herded in and out as quickly as possible with no personal attention at all.  		1	1	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	I found her group to be very professional and timely. They were very sensitve to my needs and sincerely cared when things were going wrong. They were helpful and answered all questions. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	Was patient of Dr. Felluca's for four years. Switched when Dr.'s practice became too large. 		2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	WONDERFUL WONDERFUL WONDERFUL!!! The only problem with Dr. Faulk is his horrible staff and his is a little slow getting to the patients. But if you schedule an early morning appointment you will be fine. He is excellent and knowledgeable. I wish he still delivered babies!!! Excellent personality, wonderful and east to talk to! Overall a magnificent doctor and I would not trade him for the world.  After I have my baby, I'll be right back!!! 	1	1	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
63	1	Very knowledgeable - careful and considerate, easy to talk to and provide all the information you need to make the best decisions for you. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	Not sure about the price.  But she did my wife's breasts a few years back.  Amazing.  Everyone who sees them talks about them. 	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	Fixed my ears which were sticking out too much.  /i can't get over the difference.  /i'm a babe magnet now/1 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	She performed a rhinoplasty on me several years ago and was wonderful.  Very natural that no one noticed but it looks great. HIghly recommended doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	Dr. Fame is absolutely wonderful!  His knowledge of his field is outstanding, including the latest developments.  He provides all the time a patient needs, explains things clearly (he's even funny!), and inspires confidence that your problem can be solved.  I've been to four allergists as I've moved around the country, and he's the best so far.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
65	1	He Has Help Me When No Other Dr. Could.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	I loved her. She was very professional. Listened to what I had to say. She is my new pcp. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	Very unprofessional, downright rude and doesn't give sound medical advice. Stay away from her.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
67	1	I have been a patient for 10 years now and I cannot say enough positive things about Dr. Ferrier.  She is professional and incredibly caring.  She makes sure that you are comfortable during appointments and really makes it a point to get to know you.  I wish more doctors were like her.  	 1/22/12	3	4	5	Insurance:CIGNA
67	1	I adore Dr. Ferrier. She was a wonderful doctor during my single years and even better when I started having children. My friends and I all go to her and she has delivered all of our children and helped us through difficult pregnancies and various other issues. Very no-nonsense in her approach, which I appreciate a great deal. She will answer any question or talk to you about anything without embarrassment. Her front office is never that great but I like her nurses and assistants a lot. They all seem to be very nice, engaging and straightforward people, too. I would trust Dr. Ferrier with my life. I have, in fact.  I love her! 	 10/25/11	4	4	5	Insurance:CIGNA
67	-1	I started visiting Dr. Ferrier during my current pregnancy. With this being my first baby, I have lots of questions and was eager to form a relationship with a doctor to help me make the best decisions possible throughout the pregnancy. This was not at all possible with Dr. Ferrier. Throughout five appointments, I saw her no more than 10 minutes total. She was short and disinterested in my pregnancy. I felt very much like an inconvenience to her, which resulted in me switching practices.  I am so happy that I did, as I now feel very supported by my OBGYN. I would not recommend Dr. Ferrier to any first-time mother-to-be. You deserve more attentive care. 	2	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
67	0	Dr. Ferrier and her nurse are fine and polite but her front desk staff/receptionists are terrible, rude and appear to change their behavior and appointment wait times based on their personal prejudices. They never say 'Good morning', 'thank you' or 'please' to me, even when I greet them politely, whereas I have seen them being awfully nice and sycophantic with some other women.    I always reach there on on time they always make me wait at least an hour before I can the doctor. There will be people who just walk in, and get seen within 5 minutes. The way this office works is that you sign in your name as you walk in and the front desk person, usually, Michelle, takes your chart out and places it outside for the nurse to pick up so she can examine you when it's your turn. So, if Michelle or the receptionist hate you for some illogical prejudiced reason, it appears that they place your chart at the end of all the other charts, irrespective of whether you arrived early or on time. 	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	she is the best Dr. I have had. I have been visiting her for my annual for the past 11-yrs.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	-1	Very pro c-section! I was induced, on perinatologist orders. 2 weeks before this she tried to have me schedule a c-section, then again the day before my induction. After 18hrs of non-active labor she told me I needed a c-section. I declined. I was doing fine and so was my baby. My water had been broken for less than 8hrs (which she did without informing me before had and did with a gloved finger instead of the usual instrument. This was the most painful part of my entire L/D ) I delivered naturally less than 2hrs later.Cold bedside manner. An early ultrasound suggested my baby might have down syndrome. She was very supportive of my decision to not risk my babies life with an amnio. However, I left nearly every appointment holding back tears as she continually relayed the worst case scenarios. I wanted to be informed, but I feel she could have been more respectful of my feelings: Maybe not telling me and every single appointment that my baby might not make it.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
67	1	Without hesitation, she is the best Dr. I've had. I've been visiting her for my annual for the past 8-yrs and despite moving to MD will not switch to another. I trust her advice, concerns, recommendations etc. She is very kind and HONEST.  Her staff is also polite and friendly:) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	Dr. Ferrier is by far the finest physician I have ever used. I have nothing but respect and regard for the way she treats her patients. She is a physician above anything else. She places her patients care first. While her bedside manor may come off as abrupt to some, I have found her to be one of the most compassionate and caring doctors I have been  to.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
67	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Ferrier for 8 years now. She is one of the BEST doctors around.  She was very frank and honest with me about my health.  I don't know how I would have made it through my two pregnancies without her support and guidance. She is a very personable doctor who shows great care and concern for her patients and never rushes through or brush you off when you have questions or concerns.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	-1	I was extremely disappointed by Dr. Ferrier that I transferred to another doctor. She seemed indifferent to my concerns and was not engaged or helpful as it was my first pregnancy.  	1	4	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	Dr Ferrier is very professional and knowledgeable.  She knows what tests need to be done.  While she is not as warm and fuzzy as I'd like, she is a good doctor.  It would be nice if she had a professional nurse on staff that could answer basic questions about test results or symptoms and give advice, that would probably free her up.  It would be great if she could hire a nurse practitioner to see people for basic visits when she is unavailable.  Office hours are not that great and should be expanded.  The staff at times, seems disorganized, but they are polite. 	3	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Ferrier's for about 6 yrs. She was my doctor for both of my pregnancies and deliveries. She is truly one of the best doctors around. She's extremely caring, warm, professional and knowledgeable. I have referred many friends and colleagues to Dr. Ferrier, and they ALL have been very pleased with her.  You can't go wrong with Dr. Ferrier.  She's the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	My first visit with Dr. Ferrier was at 11 weeks. At that time the staff was little unorganized. Dr. Ferrier seemed to be a little stern with me, at that point I was not sure if I wanted to come back. Then I decided to give it another try. This time I felt totally different about her. She took a long time with me to answer all questions and concerns thoroughly though it was not in her field. She has a very genuine, caring bed side manner, with a little edge that was definitely appreciated this time. At 15.5 weeks now I am sure that she will keep me on track to achieve great and healthy pregnancy. I definitely recommend her to anyone just for the fact of her no-nonsense straight to the point attitude. I am very glad I chose to stay.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
67	1	Dr. Ferrier is an excellent doctor. She is professional, sincerely, with great knowledge. She always takes time to talk to me and answer all my questions. However, the new receptionist at new location is not really professional and not helpful, she was slow and not kindly to answer the questions or polite, not able to multi-taksing. It was really make me frustrating. Dr. Ferrier a is great Dr, hopefully the staff can be as good as she is.  	1	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	Dr. Ferrier is great.  I saw her for 3 years as my gyn, then last year for my 1st pregnancy.  I have always felt that she respects her patients, and does not talk down to them like many doctors. She takes time to listen and talk to her patients as well.  She does not push c-sections like someone suggested. I had pre-eclampsia that came on without warning at 36 weeks.  I had to deliver right away.  She knew I wanted a natural birth and didn't even suggest a c-section. She just explained what they were going to have to do to induce and I asked about the c-section. Didn't pressure me at all though, even after I asked about it.  Also, she came to the hospital to deliver my baby  even though she had taken the day off sick with laryngitis. She didn't want me to have to go through a very shocking and nerve racking situation with a dr. I just met.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
67	1	Dr. Ferrier is an excellent doctor. She is professional, competent, warm, and sincere about the care provided.  I have experienced many situations with her (lump on breast, miscarriage, end of relationship) she always tunes in and ask the right questions.  To have a doctor care more than the number of patients seen...who takes time to get to know me and my situation is a gift.  Thank You Dr. Ferrier.  You are a class act.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	I have been going to Dr. Ferrier for more than 5 years and I find her to be very gentle and kind. I like her bedside manner. She seems genuinely interested in you and spends time with you. I like her personality and she is a great doctor as well.  	 6/25/09	3	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
67	0	I thought she was &quot;just OK.&quot; She did take a long time with patients, but was a bit dismissive about everything I wanted to discuss -- perimenopause, weight management, etc. I didn't think we could establish a rapport and left after two visits. The run-down condition of the office was also a negative.  	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
67	1	She has been most beneficial.  It's not just a career, the health of her patients is #1.  She doesn't rush through your appointments.  She focused on you when you arrive. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	Dr. Ferrier is a very honest and highly skilled.  She guided me confidently through my high risk pregnancy. As I was getting closer to my due date, I became nervous about delivery vaginally and indicated that maybe a c-section would be better for me; however, Dr. Ferrier informed me that everything looked good and normal for a vaginal birth.  She informed me that it was unnecessary to plan for a c-section.  Dr. Ferrier was not going to give me a pass for a c-section, unless it was necessary.  Dr. Ferrier delivered our healthy baby.  I am forever grateful to Dr. Ferrier because of her knowledge and expertise in caring for me through my risky pregnancy.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	0	I went to Dr. Ferrier for my first pregnancy.  While she is kind, helpful, and reassuring, she was quick to want to perform a c-section on me (which I adamantly didn't want) without considering multiple options.  I will not return simply because I do not believe she would support me trying for a VBAC.  Overall gynecological services are great though.  	4	3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	Dr. Ferrier is fantastic.  She is very warm and caring as well as knowledgeable.  I highly recommend her to anyone I know. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	Dr. Ferrier is knowledgeable, affable, and thoughtful. I've seen her for my regular checkups for the last 5 years. She truly is a fantastic doctor. However, she needs to get rid of her staff. They always screw up my insurance and forgot to have Dr. Ferrier call in an emergency refill until my next appointment! They've also put me on hold for about 20 minutes just to make an appointment several times.  	1	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	He is very knowledgeable and great with kids. He obviosly a very busy physician but still takes time to make his patients feel special.  	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
69	1	I had great Botox and Juvederm results.  The staff is very friendly and they have Saturday availability.  They also do vein removal, Thermage, laser hair removal, chemical peels etc.  Will definitely be back! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	0	Dr. Feisee's office seems unprofessional.  Each time I went to her, the waiting room was packed.  I even had to wait in the hallway outside the office once.  Possibly as a result of being so behind, she would be in and out of the room in less than 5 minutes.  Apparently not even enough time to put on gloves when drawing blood from me.  Never an explanation of any issues was offered, just a prescription would be written and she would be out of the room before I could ask questions.  Then it was back to the front desk to pay, which could take quite a while as the receptionist was always chatting on personal phone calls.  I would not recommend wasting your time with Dr. Feisee's office.  	2	2	2	4 	Insurance:Aetna
70	1	AMAZING!!!!!!!!! I love her.  She is a wonderful midwife.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
71	1	Dr. Fairman- listens, ask the right questions, knowledgeable and very caring doctor. Does not see to be rushing away to see other patients and therefore make you feel the most important person in the room.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
72	1	Very warm and kind doctor and practice... 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	-1	Dr. Farmer told me he was going to fixed a molar that had a chipped filling, and fill three gum-line cavities. I requested he not use mercury fillings as I have an autoimmune disorder and he told me he WOULD use a mercury based amalgam as it is safer than the new filling materials. He indicated that I did not know what I was talking about. He failed to us a topical anesthesia prior to injecting the anesthesia or make reasonable effort to avoid my discomfort during the proceedure: he bruised my lips and put impliments in my mouth, leaned me back and left the room; during this time I had trouble with choking. When Dr. Farmer was finished repairing/filling the molar he started to leave and I asked him about the other fillings. He told me had decided to not fill them at this time, that fillings on the gumline tended to break down over time and would have to be redone in about five years. He said he had decided to just wait five years and then fill them. 		4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Dr Mercola is one of the best doctors that I know/had experience with in the past. He did have an emergency several times and did not show up for the appointment - but hey, we are all humans, right&#63; How often did I have an emergency and did not come to work&#63; His staff tried to contact me as soon as they could - one time i did not check my messages, so it was my fault. the other time, I was standing in their office already when I received a call from them - but they did call. I do not consider this an issue and will continue seeing this doctor - he is knowledgeable with great bed side manners.  	2	2	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
73	-1	I waited in the exam room about 20 minutes before learning from the office staff that Dr. Feola WAS NOT THERE. He simply did not arrive for the appointment. No one told me that when I arrived for my appointment. His staff handled the situation in an incredibly rude way. His partner, Dr. Klein, then attempted to see me, but he was so rude that I couldn't even bring myself to talk to him. I can't believe these people are in business.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
73	-1	Office was dirty and staff was rude.  Doctor did not show up on time, and the doctor who filled in was rude.  Left the office in tears. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Dr. Feola is by far one of the BEST doctors I have ever had. I have been a patient of his for over 5 years, and he has always been very helpful, easy to talk to, a good listener, and doesn't rush the appointment. He is very knowledgeable and thorough. He's the best of both worlds - great medical skills paired with great bedside manner. He has also given me good recommendations for specialists when needed. He has gotten me through some scary medical issues, and I always felt like I was in good hands.  Keep up the good work! :) 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
73	1	Hands down the most caring doctor I have ever seen!  He is awesome! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	I really like Dr. Falls personally and I like that he takes the time to familiarize himself with my chart before he sees me. This at least gives the appearance that he remembers me although it's unlikely because he only sees me once a year. However, I agree with one of the other assessments that waiting 6 months to see him is just ridiculous. He does have the most unfriendly staff too. While other doctors will call you if they have a cancellation, this office does not do that. They suggest that you call back every day to see if there's been a cancellation. Who has the time to do that&#63; Additionally, they've got the worst voice mail message on their machine that I have ever heard! I inquired about coming to pick up my records so I could switch doctors and was told there was a charge for that. Why do I have to pay for my own medical history when it takes 6 months to get an appt.  with my doctor&#63; 	2	3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	In the past I have found Dr. Falls to be positive, helpful, and knowledgeable. However, his schedule is extremely busy (over a 6-month wait for a return appt and no waiting list). And unfortunately the admin staff is consistently unhelpful and unpleasant to deal with--as if you are bothering them when you call and they are doing you a favor to give you an appt. Honestly there are so many other good ophthalmologists in the area it is not worth the hassle of dealing with his office to continue to see him. 	1	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	Punctuality is not his strong point.  They seem to schedule multiple patients at the same time but on the plus side--he knows what he is doing.  	4	3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	-1	my eye was infected from a work exposure and he gave me in writing a sheet that says if my eye was not better by Monday that I needed a new med perscribed. I called Monday twice and he never got back to me. Tuesday I talk to him and he blew me off and suggested over the counter drops. I called and told him again they were infected and he blew me off again. I went to another one who said they were still very infected.  Do not go to him or he will blow you off!! 		4	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
75	1	The only complaint I have from this practice (which made me switch practices) is the time you have to wait. I tried Dr. Porter, who is very helpful, and other doctors in the practice throughout my pregnancy, but they all make you wait too long to be seen. Some times you have to wait over an hour. The last time I had to see Dr. Fernandez I waited 1.5 hours and no one came to tell me he was runnig behind. I left without seeing Dr. Fernandez because I had to get my son from daycare. I also switched practices after that incident. I wish they could pay more attention to that issue because they are good doctors! And the staff needs to try to be LESS rude ;) and more patient! 	3	1	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
75	1	Dr. Fernandez is a wonderful doctor!! But he needs to evaluate his staff, they are rude,pushy and totally OBNOXIOUS. While the dr pushes PRO-LIFE DOWN YOUR THROAT, HIS STAFF GOES TO PLANNED PARENTHOOD FOR ABORTIONS!!!! 	1	1	2	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	. this office has excellent staff and great nurses who shows attention to the patient even in streesful conditions and front desk is aweful no customer service horrible attitudes and there always angry with horrible dress code 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:MAMSI
75	0	I began my association with that practice under Dr. Fernandez's care.  He was consistently very late to all of our appointments.  One day, he was an hour and a half late to a five-minute pregnancy check-up.  On another day, he was more than an hour late to a similar check-up.  I finally went down the hall to look for him and said I was leaving if he wasn't prepared to see me now. (That worked.)  Anyway, I have been very happy with Drs. Porter, Vearry, Nguyen and Paik.  I am sure Miguel knows his stuff but he's clearly too busy to respect the fact that I had to hire a babysitter just to see him or that I am also a working professional.  Go with one of the female doctors on staff.  They will take care of you.  The office staff, however, is poor.  	2	1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	yes, you may have a wait a while in the waiting room... but once you are in the exam room Dr. Fernandez will sit down and give you all the time you need, answer all questions, ask about family (who does that anymore&#63;) He has never rushed me, always listens, is so sweet and gentle.  He makes me feel like a 'friend' rather than a patient.  	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	The nurses and administrative staff are extremely rude. The doctor is ok. But the practice is not that good. 	1	3	4	3 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	Dr. Fernandez has been my OB thorough all 4 of my pregnancies. Including one miscarriage and the last being twins. He has been very helpful and when he is uncertain of something he has always erred on the side of caution and sent me to a specialist. In fact he diagnosed my hypothyroidism after my 1st daughter was born and has always had my best interests at heart. I have recommended him highly in the past and will continue to do so.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	The nurses and administrative staff are extremely rude. I went to Dr. Fernandez for my 1st 2 pregnancies, one of which ended in a stillbirth and one in a miscarriage. He could have been more compassionate during this time. I was not informed of some results and did not find out about having a 2-vessel cord till I requested and read over my own history. I NEVER waited less than an hour to be seen, and on more than one occasion was there for over two hours.  	1	1	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	Dr. Fernandez delivered my 2 kids. He was fantastic - very caring, and very flexible about my particular situation. While he is not my primary doctor in that practice, I have seen him many times in the office and always amazed at how friendly he is and how he remembers me and both my kids. This is a big practice and he makes you feel like you are one of the only patients.  	 10/11/06		3	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	I have found Dr. Fernandez to be very helpful concerning issues surrounding menopause. He is up on the latest research and well versed in the pros and cons of HRT. I also find him very patient with questions and very open minded concerning alternative approaches. 		2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	-1	In 1998 during my 6 week checkup after my son was born, Dr. Fernandez suggested I try a Depro Provera shot (despite my probable upcoming separation from my husband which occured two weeks later), stating that it was essentially the same thing as a birth control pill only injected instead of taken orally. He reasoned that it was an effective form of birth control for nursing mothers. The shot triggered migraines, and I have suffered from ever since. I also bled for 3 months after the shot wore off and had to be given a regimin of Premarin to stop the bleeding. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
75	0	I switched to another practice 25 weeks into my pregnancy under the care of Dr. Fernandez and his partners. They are knowledgeable about standard medical practices but not very well-versed on newer ideas that enable the mother to be more actively involved and informed in her own care. They appeared to want nearly total control over the birthing process and shunned discussion of more natural birthing methods.  Also, my husband noticed that only once was there a patient with children in the waiting room -- no repeat customers&#63; 		3	2	3 	Insurance:Aetna
76	1	outstanding diagnostician, friendly, patient, very informative; not hesitant to recommend specialist when symptoms appear to warrant.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
77	1	Dr. Ferguson is very friendly and professional. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	I have been with this doctor for many years.  He has always been thorough and knowledgeable.  He has performed two surgeries on me that went very well and solved the problems they were supposed to solve.  He is conservative in his approach, and does not do unnecessary treatment or surgery.  He explains things well, offering information about available options. He and the nursing staff are very friendly.  The office moved some years ago and is much nicer than it used to be.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	you will not find a better doctor then Dr. Falo.  His bedside manner is incredible.  He helped us through a pregnancy loss and he is the reason we made it thru emotionally. I will remember his kindness,professionalism and gentleness for my lifetime.  You are in great hands with Dr.Falo. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	I have gone to Dr.Falo for years.  His office staff is wonderful - they get back to you very quickly even when the office is clearly really busy.  He is extremely knowledgeable and always gives you more than one treatment option.  He has performed 3 procedures on me and I agree, VA hospital center is like checking in to a spa!  I would reccomend their office to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	-1	I'm not rating the doc, just the horrible office staff and nurse. They were so rude that I never made it as far as meeting the doctor. I walked out. 		4	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	It was such a pleasant visit.  My appointment started on time, there was not a lot of waiting and my custom orthotics are a dream come true.   She quickly diagnosed my problem and I am living pain free now! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
80	1	This is a walk-in urgent care clinic, no appointment. I was pleasantly surprised to find the docs were very knowledgeable and efficient and the service while waiting was excellent. I might even make them my primary care physicians. I saw a female doctor but I think they have both genders. I moved to the area recently and didn't have a doc yet but I needed to get one quick when I got sick, so I went here, thinking it would be a one-time thing, but I really liked the service and recommend them.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	Had the sleep study and the sleep tech was excellent.  He had good people skills and was very knowledgable.  The building/room were very clean.  I am wondering in the other review if they were missing a tech.  The night I was there there were 2 techs and 2 people schedule at 8 and 2 more people scheduled for later.  Even if they did as the review implies, what is the big deal&#63;  While you are waiting, you can watch TV in your room.         The follow-up office visis were easy to schedule and the staff was friendly and professional.  Of the 3 or 4 I have had, on 1 was late by approximately 10 minutes.   Since the visits I have phone the office and everytime have recieved prompt profession service.   I would highly recommend this Dr and staff.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
81	-1	The doctor was very rude and was extremely late. I was in his office for 2 hours. His office staff was unprofessional. The manager was unfriendly, and every time I came into the office she was on the phone in the back yelling and cursing on the phone. The office is old and grungy.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
81	0	Schedules 2 patients to come in to the sleep center at 8:00 PM.  Does not disclose to the 2nd patient that their hook up will not start until 9:30.  The reason for both patients coming in at 8:00 is so if there is a no show they can call and try and get another patient.  	3	1	3	3 	Insurance:Tricare
82	-1	Dr. Fields has since moved to Washington Hospital center.  I had a very bad experience with her.  I am a BRCA 1 patient and would not recommend her for young women with the BRCA gene.  I came into her with concerns about worsening periods, weight gain, and pelvic pain.  Not only did she pass me off to her incompetent intern, she called me a 'basket case.'  I later went to a decent gynecologist who diagnosed me with PCOS.   Stay away! 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
82	-1	Stay away from this doctor. She is very unprofessional. Performed surgery on me that was unnecessary and what should have been a 6-week recovery took over a year because of her lack of surgical expertise and poor follow-up care.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
82	1	I was fortunate to have Dr. Fields as my surgeon in the summer of 2008.  She was highly skilled, compassionate, honest, and caring. I highly recommend her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	-1	Dr Fields lacked any clinical empathy and did an extremely sloppy surgical job. I have never encountered a doctor whose skill level and bedside manner were as bad as hers. She is very defensive and goes into attack mode if asked questions. I would avoid her at all costs.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
82	1	specialty is GYN/Oncology 	 12/24/07	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	. Leading doctor in Chinese medicine, trained in China and USA 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	Dr. Michael Farrell is a very caring &amp; concerned physician. I was very scared to make my appointment; Dr. Farrell eased my fears; &amp; truly lisened. I feel better:I still have bouts of severe stomach pain. Im so much better I hope Dr Farrell realizes how special he is.  	4	3	3	5 	Insurance:Medicare
84	1	Able to see me on very short notice .Seemed very knowledgeable, knows what he is doing. Did a procedure on me, no pain whatsoever. The procedure was described as somewhat unfortable. None of that. My only regret is that I lost one of my ear rings on the table.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:AARP
84	1	Smart, thorough and caring. He seemed skilled and compassionate. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	She makes me feel really comfortable about what can be an awkward exam.  She seems to really care about her patients as people and she takes time to answer your questions.  I recommend her highly.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	-1	The receptionist is fantastic.  Dr. Filak's nurse is another story all together.  She puts you on hold without waiting for a response and argues with patients about their conditions.  She's very abrasive in situations where a little bedside manner would go a long way and refused to even answer general questions about pregnancy until a blood test confirmed we were expecting.  I understand people having a bad day but she just seems to function in this impatient and rude manner no matter the day.  It's a shame because as I mentioned the receptionist is fantastic.  I haven't seen the Dr. recently enough but she's not so good to tolerate such behavior from her nurse.  Very disappointed. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	Dr. Filak cares about the whole person. Although the exam is basically GYN, she discusses how I'm doing in general. When I was making a decision about taking hormones, she talked me through the pros and cons and included my mental state and overall health. I feel peaceful and happy when I leave her office.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
85	1	I will start off by saying that I LOVE DR. FILAK, which is why I am so sad to have to leave her.  She was with me through my first two pregnancies.  She always made me feel comfortable during those uncomfortable pap exams and she is very personable. She is an extremely good doctor, and I almost feel like she is one of the family.  However, she works alone and this makes her very busy.  She has to cancel appointments frequently whenever she has deliveries or emergencies.  This is understandable, but when you have your own worries about your pregnancy, this is really troubling.  It has gotten worse over the years.  The last straw for me was when my appointment was cancelled and rescheduled many times after my miscarriage and I still never got the chance to see Dr. Filak.  I eventually gave up trying to schedule an appointment. :(  With a great deal of sadness, I am looking for a new OB/GYN who will be more available when I need her.  	5	1	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	I've always had a pleasant experience at this office.  Dr. Filak is wonderful and put me at ease at my first appointment and kept me feeling optimistic when I was going through an unfortunate miscarriage.  She's attentive and compassionate.  I would HIGHLY recommend her to anyone new to the area.  I find the critical comments a complete surprise given the very positive experience I've had.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
85	0	Dr. Filak use to be a very compassionate doctor, but over the years, she's become distant and constantly reschedules every single appointment; often pushing an annual exam into 16-24 months.  This is unacceptable and I would not recommend Dr.  Filak 	2	1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	Dr. Filak delivered my baby years ago. Many times in the office she was rushed and impersonal. And at one appointment the only words she spoke to me during the whole exam were to come back in a month. I left in tears feeling like garbage. Subsequent visits were better and she seemed to warm up a bit over the months. But still I hoped that out of the practice of 3 doctors (at the time) that she would not end up being the one to deliver my baby. Of course she did end up delivering my baby. And she was great! She really came through for me and saved me from needing a blood transfusion. She knows her stuff, even if she has some bad days, she is worth sticking with. 	4	3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
86	0	VERY CONCERNED about the money-end NOT your health, does not return calls, will NOT give you anything for pain, very short with patient, does not like to be questioned. 	3	3	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	Good doctor, very knowledgeable and kind.  A little old fashion but I liked that about him. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	Poor people skills, makes you wait 20-30mins in exam room. Had to go back for issues and was told to suck it up, yes he actually said that three times to me. Was very unhelpful and unprofessional.  Stay away! 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
88	1	Dr. Falls is on of the finest doctors I have ever seen.  I have seen him for all most 15 years. And I feel so blessed that he is my doctor...your the best in my book... Cindy Carter, Salem,VA 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	-1	I had the unfortunate role of being one of Dr. Fall's &quot;guinea pigs&quot; for Dr. Falls to begin educating himself regarding issues of the low back and spine.  I never actually agreed to see Dr. Falls; instead, at the time I arrived for appointments scheduled with another doctor, Dr. Falls would appear in the lobby and tell me he'd be seeing me.  My appointments with Dr. Falls rarely resulted in any progress, because he did not have the knowledge to suggest any useful treatments.  I could have burned my $50 co-pay and had the same end results.  :-( 	1	1	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	I love Dr. Falls. I finally started seeing him at Murray Joiner's Pain Management clinic about a year and a half ago for low back trouble and endometriosis - he is also a board certified gynecologist and a brilliant one at that. He is compassionate, caring, and stays current on the disease. He has always been honest with me and has never left me hanging when I needed his help. He is definitely a doctor you can trust. Just be up front and honest with him and he will take care of you. He chooses to help women with gynecological conditions and diseases, even though it is less profitable than delivering babies. He also is becoming very well versed in back pain and the spine, so he's not just for the ladies. He actually cares about his patients, his work - and this is so hard to find nowadays.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
89	1	He is the best pediatrician we have ever met. It is a pity such a wonderful doctor works in a remote and not very well run practice. 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	super nice and considerate, listens and addresses concerns.  It is unfortuante such a pleasant doctor has such a poorly run office regarding appointments, or consideration to punctuality.  Each visit has been extremely long beyond a measurable reason.  This has been addressed with the doctor directly, however nothing changed.  It seemed everytime we had a visit we were made to return for another diagnosis.  Upon the return we wait and wait and wait, one would think a doctor who specializes in children would understand extended waiting. By far an office management issue and when it has been spoken to the manager or receptionist it was blown off and interestingly so, as if they did not live in the community they serve, perhaps better said, they were not worried about impressions.  Unbelievable office manager and how unprofessional.  apathy comes to mind.  	1	1	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
90	-1	My skin was broken during mouth exam, but no one told me that.  When my mouth got swell and pain, I called the doctor on Friday day morning to ask for help, he told me to wait until Monday (because his office closes on Friday) without giving any treatment and apology. I have to consult other dentist for help.   I made an appointment for annual clean that support be covered 100% by insurance company, but was not given't the service that I asked for, instead I was given something else that I didnt want, and make me to pay what they wanted. I had to pay then to it done (I was told that I have paid all I need to pay, and I do not need pay anything for next service- cleaning).  but When got additional bill from them and called to dispute the bill, his assistant was very rude. 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	While on vacation, I had a tooth emergency.  Fortunately, I found Dr. Farshad Farhoumand.  He could've performed an unnecessary procedure; however, he saved my tooth!  He was honest, kind, and best of all a perfectionist!  Dr. Farhoumand and his staff were kind, caring, and helpful.  The Farhoumand Dental facility is phenomenal, state of the art, and impeccably clean.  I felt that the staff and Dr, Farhoumand went out of their way to help me with this emergency!  They even gave me a follow up call once I got home to see how I was doing!  The integrity that Dr. Farshad Farhoumand exhibited is a rarity in today's world!  I wish I were able to give him a 10 star rating! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	This is the 1st time in a long time where I felt the need to rate someone really great.  This doctor and his staff treat their patients like people.  To me that is so rare now a days.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
93	-1	. Not very friendly, did not spend much time in exam room 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
93	1	I have gone to this doctor for a few years and am very satisfied with the care I receive at the office. His nurse/receptionist is very nice and patient. The office is clean and comfortable. I would recommend anyone looking for a really good doctor to see to try Dr. Farkhani.  	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	-1	Not pleased overall. Too frequently referred out per visit for what I consider to be routine (female) situations. If my insurance didn't need referrals for such, I'd have little reason to visit this doctors office and pay for the referral service. Would not recommend! Accent somewhat difficult to understand &amp; doctor a bit impatient with repeating or rephrasing.  	4	3	2	2 	Insurance:Tricare
94	1	The best ear doctor ever. He is  caring and knowledgable. Give you detailed explanations of your problem.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
94	1	Wonderful caring doctor with great staff, very knowledgeable, patient and understanding with patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	You will not find another ear doctor as good, as caring and as competent as Dr. Fetter. If you are facing ear surgery you owe it to yourself and to your family to make an appointment with him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	-1	Absolutely terrible experience with this physician. 	 3/4/09	3	2	1	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	I have visited Dr. Fei's dentist office several times during the passed two years. Dr. Fei is extremely knowledgeable to his work and helpful to patients. All staffs in his clinic are very nice. Dr. Fei always clearly explained what and why he will do certain procedure for me. He also has extremely good skills for the different dental procedures. I always recommend Dr. Fei to my friends.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
96	-1	Went to this Dr for first time and waited for total 2.5 hrs finally when I did see him he was rude and in a rush and didn't really care what I had to say while examination my teeth he was using a tool and pressin to see if I felt pain and he was   rushing that and stabbed me in the gums o busted out into tears and he readjusted my mouth and tried to continue I had to pull away and I was sobbing I couldn't believe how painful It was.  He was like oh well and made it out it out like it was my fault and didn't apologize or anything he got irritated with me and left the nurse came in and was gonna do a light cleaning and had no clue what had happened and asked what was wrong when I inforMed her she was apologizinfinity and took responsibility for it and wasn't her fault and then he came back in a d asked if she was gonna get started because he was busy and needed her to hurry up because he needed her else where I told her don't worry about it that I was leaving she said she was sorry again 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:OHIP
97	1	. I feel he is thebest, I'm once again able to ride motorcycles, after back surgery 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
97	-1	has a alwful bedside manner,and hard headed,does not listen to what i have to say before he countinues to talk over me.i intend to fire him on monday 4/20/2009 and would not recomend him to fix the back of a rat...  	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
97	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
