dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
3	-1	commentsPut off root canal work to fit their schedule--was improperly done--had to go to endodontist in Roanoke--have it redone at cost of $1,100.00 	1	1	3	1	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	 This dentist is rude, short-tempered, and not at all gentle with his procedures.  On top of this, he has (in my opinion) fraudulent billing practices that leave you with considerable out of pocket expenses.  Do not believe him when he tells you that the bill you are agreeing to will be fully reimbursed by insurance.  What he does is bill you for unnecessary procedures, which insurance ultimately does not cover, then you're stuck with the difference.  From other message boards, it sounds like this is routine with this doctor office.   Do NOT go to this guy if you have ANY OTHER choice! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$1200
18	1	 Have been his patient for several years. Good practitioner,  but the office is a mess with things strewn all over.The office needs to be spruced up quite a bit, such as painting, etc. At times, he has left me in the chair, not telling me when he would be back, for an extended period of time, even when there has not been another patient. At times, he can be quite rude,stand offish, and not considerate of his patient's needs and comfort. His receptionist/assistant&#63;&#63; Is very pleasant and friendly. To her credit, when I have had a dental emergency, she has promptly scheduled me...  I have contemplated changing dentists, and perhaps I will at some point, but since he is such an excellent practitioner, I have &quot;accepted&quot; the aforementioned shortcomings 	4	3	3	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
18	-1	commentsVery rude and unfriendly service.  Pays no mind to patient's level of comfort. Has a very cranky attitude. Definitly NOT recommended. 	2	2	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	.   	1	1	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
18	1	commentsHe can be an odd duck but is an excellent practitioner.  Dentist, not hygenist does cleanings/xrays, etc. 	3	4	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	commentsOffice is dirty and unsanitary. Equipment is old (lights are broken, bugs inside). Doctor has anger issues when things don't go as planned. During crown replacement he yelled at me while in dentist chair because I was bleeding too much. When another patient arrived he left me in chair for 34 minutes until he finished the person's routine cleaning. Worst ever, am seeking legal action. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	 My husband and I have been patients of Dr. Ueno for 3 years and will continue to be patients for a long time. Dr. Ueno has helped address short term and chronic conditions, many of which were not property treated by other physicians.  Dr. Ueno is experienced, knowledgeable, and takes the time to understand the situation and answer questions.  He provides everything you would want from your doctor including a great bed side manner.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	commentsI had an amazing experience with Dr. Ueno, he helped me tremendously and everyone in the office was very friendly and helpful. I would recommend him to anyone with any ailment, go try accupuncture with Dr. Ueno first. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	commentsTetsuhiro is a patient listener, calming presence, confident in his practice and its benefits, and spends as much time with you as you need for treatment planning, etc.  I was nervous about trying acupuncture for the first time but was at wits end following 3 failed artificial insemination attempts at conception and over 3 years of trying.  I received 3 treatments around the time of our 4th insemination and our tests came back positive!  we couldn't believe it!  I am due in 8 weeks and couldn't be happier with my experience. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	commentsI have been getting acupuncture treatments for the past two months to treat depression.  I amazed to learn that depression is a symptom from my weakened liver.  Since I have been treated by Dr. Ueno I am no longer on anti-depressants and I feel really good.  He is also treating me with Chinese Herbs.  It is such a relaxing and fun experience having acupuncture.  It does not hurt at all infact its very calming.  I also have had insomnia for years.  There are times when I am up for 48 hours.  Dr. Ueno gave me a new herb to help with this condition and I have slept live a baby for the first time in years.  I am so happy that I have found Advanced Health Center.  I can tell that Dr. Ueno is healing my body.  I learn so much during our sessions about Traditional Chinese Medicine.  Please visit the office! They have so many excellent therapies available and very affordable rates! Also, its not like a doctors office where its impersonal.  I always have fun when I go. The staff is great too. Paid/Co-pay:$80	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	commentsDr. Ueno is really great. I have a chronic GI disease, and with his acupuncture and herbs I've improved so much (compared to how I was doing on prescription drugs). He was willing to try different things until we found something that worked well. He and everyone in the office are professional and friendly. I highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	commentsI had a wonderful experience with Dr. Ueno. After undergoing an early miscarriage and subsequent difficulty in getting pregnant, I decided to try acupuncture as an alternative to fertility medication. From the first visit, Dr. Ueno was extremely encouraging and supportive. He performed a thorough assessment of my health history and current condition to determine the best course of action. As I have never tried acupuncture before, he was happy to address my questions and concerns. As a result, the acupuncture treatments combined with herbal supplements significantly reduced the stress and anxiety that I was experiencing, as well as improved the blood circulation and elevated my overall level of energy. After two months of acupuncture treatment I got pregnant, but still continued with the sessions as a means of maintaining a healthy pregnancy. My son just turned 1, and I will definitely continue to see Dr. Ueno for acupuncture for overall health and as we plan for a second child. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	commentsThis was a wonderful experience! I am a nurse and have suffered for years with joint problems, so I finally decided to try acupuncture and I'm so happy I did! The office staff are always smiling, friendly, and helpful. They provided all the documents for me to send claims to my insurance company, all I had to do was mail them. Dr. Ueno is amazing - so friendly, cheerful, comforting, and knowledgeable. He was very respectful of my knowledge of Western medicine as well, always comparing and contrasting &quot;his&quot; medicine vs. &quot;mine.&quot; The truth is, acupuncture helped me in a way no other Western medicine could, and I have tried many many different specialists and medicines. Acupuncture really works and is worth every penny. This office will provide you with all you need and make you feel like you are the priority. As I told Dr. Ueno on my last visit, he's changed my life! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	commentsI highly recommend Dr. Ueno.  He is extremely knowledgeable and has overall a very gentle technique and demeanor.  I saw Dr. Ueno for a bad shoulder injury (from a bike accident), and nagging abdominal pain.  The treatments helped enormously, and I am now working out and exercising better than I have in years. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	commentsI began to see Dr Ueno last winter when I was suffering from tinnitus and sensitivity in both ears.  Dr Ueno is a very professional practioner who listens well to patients and adjusts his treatment to their needs.  I am happy to report that within a month I had considerable improvement to the hearing sensitivity problems I was having, as well as some improvement to my tinnitus.  Ear problems such as mine are difficult to diagnose and treat, and I went to Dr. Ueno when other avenues failed to lead to any progress.  I highly recommend Dr Ueno, personally, and would also recommend acupuncture as a potential treatment for hearing problems such as tinnitus, hyperacusis and related conditions. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	commentsI went to see Dr. Ueno for treatment for depression.  Its been just over 2 WEEKS and I’m feeling better already! He has given me Chinese herbs &amp; I have had a 3 acupuncture sessions. The cause of my problem&#63; A weak liver, which contributed to symptoms of depression.  I also learned that antidepressants which I have been taking for years had weaken my liver.  This is a fascinating treatment.  Dr. Ueno has patients who are now depression and antidepressant-free.  This is encouraging news for someone like who has suffered with depression for years.  I am so optimistic about the future...this is just the beginning! Results in 2 weeks!!! I must say...I also had treatment 2 years ago for weak bladder.  I had to go to the bathroom all the time.  After a few sessions and the Chinese herbs to this day I don't have that problem anymore!  Advanced Health is the best! Thank you Dr. Ueno, you have helped me so much and are so nice and pleasant and a great educator.  I have learned so much. Paid/Co-pay:$80	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	commentsDr. Ueno treated me for Bell's Palsy in January-March 2011. He was thorough in his diagnosis and was an excellent care giver. I was certain on the first visit that his treatments would provide relief. When he inserted a needle at one point in my cheek, my eye immediately went closed (for the first time in a week since the onset).  I appreciated the gentle, competent care. I saw steady improvement over the 6 weeks and felt that I had regained over 90% control over my facial muscles by the last treatment. If you need an acupuncturist and you are in DC or northern Virginia, I highly recommend Dr. Ueno. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	commentsAMAZING!! Dr. Ueno is best acupuncturist that me and my wife have ever been too (and we have travel extensively in the Asia). His skill, knowledge and overall manor is the perfect combination for holistic healing. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	commentsI am happy to write an unqualified testimonial for Dr. Tetsuhiro Ueno and his staff. Some months ago, I began going to Dr. Ueno for a nagging soreness in my right knee. With his expert, friendly, no high pressure sales pitch treatments, Dr. Ueno helped me immeasurably -- not just with the knee but also several persistent medical conditions which had proven unamenable to more conventional medical care (I had almost given up hope on finding relief for these conditions). So, I am very indebted to Dr. Ueno; he is a wonderful, skilled healer. And I recommend him without reservation! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	.   	1	3	1	2	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:$25
44	-1	commentsDr. Udoff is the worst.  He has terrible judgment and his mistake at a critical point in our treatment had disastrous results.  Afterwards, he offered no apology but became defensive and hard to contact.  Avoid this so-called doctor!!! Paid/Co-pay:$20000	1	1	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	commentsGreatest Ever in the History of Psyschology 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	commentsBest experience with Dentist and entire staff. Very professional, knowledegeable, and friendly. I am happy I finally found a great Dentist! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	commentsDr. Usnick is wonderful.  The office is very clean. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
55	-1	commentsthis doctor refered me to another doctor,when he has never seen me as a patient! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	 High ratings for this doc.  He is knowledgeable and skilled.  Not rushed, he answers questions and provides information about medical conditions.  Office is pleasant, staff helpful too.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
66	1	commentsDr. Usman is exactly what one would hope to find in a doctor.  He is knowledgable, patient, compassionate, friendly.  I have been his patient for over seven years and each encounter has been extremely positive.  He is concerned not only for an individual's skin health but total body health as well. I have raved about him to friends and this site is a wonderful opportunity to let others know his qualifications. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	commentsI disagree..he doesn't take his time when examining patients.It sort of felt like he was going through the motions. I went in for a check up and he basically pushed me out of the office in 5 minutes, with a presription. He needs to make his job a little bit more personal. How else can you treat a patient if you don't. 	1	5	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	 Dr. Usman is such an amazing doctor. He makes you feel so comfortable and really knows his stuff! He will answer all your questions and make sure that you feel completely 100% satisfied before leaving his office. I was a patient that went in fairly often and he always fit me into his schedule even if it meant he had to stay late or see me in-between other patients.  Awesome doctor! Awesome personality! Awesome staff! Would highly recommend him to anyone seeking a dermatologist, or even a switch from the one you are using now! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
67	-1	 I was having issues with prescription &amp; it took 3 days for the drs nurse to return my call.  Labels on prescription bottles were incorrect &amp; confusing.  	1	1	1	2	Insurance:United Healthcare
83	1	 Dr. Ubert is the most knowledgeable Chiropractor I've seen.  He is very willing to discuss why and how he is going to treat you.  I'm an endurance athlete and he fully understands the &quot;extra&quot; care and precautions needed to keep me healthy. And each visit has never had less than 30 minutes of actual &quot;face time&quot;, as opposed to other Chiropractors.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
83	1	.  The only chiropractor our family trusts! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	 Long wait for new patient appointments.  Doctor very knowledgeable and personable. Rescheduling appointments not immediate, may require several months to see again.  	4	1	4	5	Insurance:Aetna
85	1	 Dr Uhle always apologizes if he is the tiniest bit late in seeing you. He's got a great attitude and is very knowledgable.  		5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
85	1	commentsVery outgoing personality. very knowledgeable and enjoyable. does not accept my insurance but i continue to go for the quality of care 		3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
