dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Very helpful and pointed out things that my regular doctor missed. She really cared to spend extra time with me. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Dr. Webber is an OUTSTANDING doctor.  She listens extremely well and explains things in a language you can understand.  She ALWAYS makes sure you are comfortable with her course of action and does not hesitate to consult with other doctors as appropriate.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
2	1	Very helpful and caring. She really tries to understand the patient and almost put herself in their shoes to fully understand the problem. Great doctor; would highly recommend.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
3	1	Dr. Wein is smart and kind. He is perfectly suited for this work. He has helped me feel better and I would highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	I have been a patient of Dr.Wein  for a long time.He has helped tremendously with marital problems, self esteem, anger management and I could go on and on...He is the kind of doctor you want;the kind you get to appreciate.He works with the insurance company,and other doctors that may be a part of your overall well-being. He is prompt for appointments and always give the much needed reminder call. He is available to talk to by phone if needed.He has suggested reading material that has been helpful.Dr.Wein has always suggested what is available and helped me in making good decisions. Dr Wein is interested in my all areound  well-being as a middle-aged adult.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Martin Wein - Clinical Psychologist, Richmond VA. He runs his practice out of a spare room in his house. That means that all questions about billing, insurance, etc. are handled directly by him. If you have an urgent need to talk to him, you call his number and you are connected directly to him. No secretaries or extensions to dial or directories to search through. He is honest, straightforward, and to the point. Doesn't waste any time. VERY highly recommended. If you have an urgent problem, need help now, and don't know what to do, he will tell you exactly what's going on and what you need to do to fix it, without beating around the bush. I spent one session with him that lasted about 45 minutes and I feel like a completely different person. If you need to talk to someone, call Martin Wein. You'll be glad you did! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Dr. Way is exceptionally knowledgeable and has a wonderful demeanor.  She truly cares for her patients well being and is willing to take time out of her busy schedule to check up with patients and their progress. I would recommend Dr. Way to any and all my friends and family.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
5	1	Dr. Wakatsuki provided me with the best care I could have wanted. She listened and responded. I am searching for her so I can continue to employ her services. I highly recommend her to everyone. 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Dr. Wakatsuki was an outstanding physician. She was very compassionate and communicative. She listens better than almost any other physician I know. She's current on medical treatments and doesn't dither. I know that her previous employer was the cause of the time and question limits; I know she was frustrated with the time limits and push for volume. I recommend her highly to anyone. I'd follow her anywhere if I could figure out where she went.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
5	1	A George Washington School of Medicine Grad.The best,most friendly, and most knowledgable G.P. that I know. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	I visited Dr. Wakatsuki twice asking for help with a few problems. After examining me by touching my knee she diagnosed me with beginning osteoporosis and send me for x-rays. Since nothing showed up, she recommended me to keep exercising. She had no follow up although my joint problem is getting worse. Couple other problems were treated in similar way. I also recall that I was very suprised to read a note on the door in the waiting room stating that you can only ask 3 questions during your examination. I do not feel that she cared to find out cause of my health problems.  		3	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
5	0	Dr. Wakatsuki is a Dr. that truly doesn't care about her patients. She is a Primary Care Physician, so I went to her with a sinus infection. She checked me out and then left the room to write a prescription. When she came back, I asked if I could ask her a quick question (about a tick bite-I wanted to make sure it didn't look like Lyme) that would have taken a minute at most. She said &quot;I'm sorry I can't help you, you're fifteen minutes are up. If you have questions for me, you can schedule another appointment and come back.&quot; Imagine my shock. I was speechless. She seemed like a nice lady, but the fact that she wouldn't take a couple of secs to answer a simple question really turns me off. If you like having someone who doesn't care, then she's the doc for you. Good Luck! 		3	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	I find him professional and just fine with his doctor-patient relations. The hygeinists seem top-rate, as well as the facilities used at this office. Everything is clean and computerized. One note, there is a little more talk of church and of teeth-whitening than I prefer at this office. 		5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	He knows his stuff, but very impersonal. I would not recommend him and his practice for good patient-dentist relationship. If you want a dentist that examines your wallet more than your teeth, be my guest and go to him.  		4	1	3 	Insurance:Anthem
7	1	What a wonderful doctor! She has knowledge in both oriental and western medicine. I feel so much better physically and mentally when she gives me acupuncture and Chinese herbs. WONDERFUL! Doesn't care about the money and unlike other acupuncturists she really cared about my health rather than her wealth. I would highly recommend Dr. Wang.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
7	1	I have severe back pain. I've had two MRI and X-ray procedures that show nothing being wrong. Doctors are not able to explain why I have the pain. I tried everything, including physical therapy but nothing worked. After acupuncture treatments from Dr. Wang, there is no pain in my back. Dr. Wang has given me back my life. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	If he's ever late it's because he really listens to his patients. He is interested in any area of your life as it effects your health. He will not coddle you and tells you what you need to hear.  I;m sure he's saved my life and HMA has the best team of doctors anywhere.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	Very busy office but that's a small price to pay for the best doctor I've ever seen.  He's blunt andto the point but also listens to his patients own feelings about what's going on with their health and medicines.  He is very knowledgeable about medicines and willing to run tests for those things he's not sure of.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	Fine person and great doctor. Thorough knowledge and interest in caring for the whole patient make him less a pill pusher and more of a support team. Respectful of what I know and what works for me. Realistic, can be tough, but does care about doing his job well.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
9	-1	Absolutely terrible and rude. Not knowledgeable or able to answer questions.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
10	-1	This doctor and his staff are hands down the absolute worst I have ever experienced. First he kept me waiting well past my appt time. Then he proceeded to try and hand me a contact lens on his own finger rather than allowing me to get up, wash my hands and retrieve the lens from the package myself. The doctor actually left the room several times, touched the door knobs and god knows what else then returned &amp; resumed the exam, never rewashing his hands. The day after I woke up with an irritated eye. I  called his office, he would not take my calls, the staff was threatening and rude. Finally went there, doctor literally laughed at me, refused any responsibility and refused even a partial refund. I have never had a doctor cause me harm. He is unhygenic, generally disgusting and he and his staff are rude even threatening. Also parking is difficult at this office park. Never go here. NEVER. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Dr. Wang has been my doctor for over a year and a half now.  He and his staff have been wonderful in helping me with a life long battle with a Esophageal Stricture.  Now, after 35 or so years of having difficulty eating, I can now eat normally.  His knowledge and caring during this process has helped me believe that their are still parent focused doctors still around.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
11	-1	This Dr cares only about the money. After he placed a drain in my stomach and a stent in my pancreas, I lost my job. His office would not see me any longer since I had know insurance. The stent was not meant to be left for more than 3 wks, it was left in more than 12 before I could get it removed. This has caused permanent damage to my pancreas that cannot be reversed.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	-1	Defensive and holds a &quot;common cold&quot; chart up on his wall so that he can point to it and make you feel like an idiot. This guys is something else. I have an sinus infection and he prescribed me a low-dose antibiotic. When I went back to him a few days later, first of all he forgot that he had just seen me days before. Then, he would not up my dosage of antibiotic and declared my condition a &quot;virus&quot;. This is despite the fact that he already prescribed me an antibiotic a few days before! I'm totally unimpressed.  		3	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
13	1	She has been my dentist for over 5 years. She is amazing. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Dr. Wagner and his office saved my husband's vision! He had weak spots on his retina due to his eye shape. His retina detached four times! Dr. Wagner and staff repaired my husband's eye with very little loss of vision. If you read the NIH website there usually is vision loss or blindness in the affected eye after two detachments.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
14	1	This was the fastest eye doctor's appointment I have ever had.  I wasn't rushed.  The flow of having all my tests and scans was great.  Dr. Wagner was as charming as always. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	usually wait a few hours to see him.  When he finally does examine me jt is only for a few minutes.  I thought i would give him another chance...when i made an appt with him I made sure it was first thing in the am and i STILL had to wait at least an hour before i was seen.   Ridiculous! 	1	1	3	4 	Insurance:Tricare
14	1	Dr. Wagner seems unconcerned and rushed. There is always a wait. In the past he has spoken about his wife running for office and his popcorn business. Most staff is helpful and frindly. I am pleased that there are other qualified retina doctors now in the area.  	5	1	3	5 	Insurance:Anthem
14	1	I have been seen by Dr. Wagner for 6 yrs. and recently had surgery to correct a detached vitreous. I have never had such a pleasant surgery and follow up experience.  Dr. Wagner and his staff were excellent and I had a speedy recovery and my sight restored due to his expertise and treatment. Yes Dr. Wagner's waiting room is always full in his VA Beach office, and you can always count on a wait.  But, this is understandable due to his excellent reputation as a retina specialist in this area.  His staff routinely offers snacks to waiting patients and beverages are always available to make patients comfortable.  Dr. Wagner's expertise and friendly compassionate manner are worth the wait.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
14	-1	Dr. Wagner is a very nice man when he sticks to his specialty. Unfortunately, he has an agenda that has nothing to do with Ophthalmology. The last time I saw him instead of giving me a qualified diagnosis on my eyes, he instead commented on my weight. In fact, he never once commented on the reason for my visit, but rather spent the entire time telling me how to lose weight and handing me a sheet of paper on books to read about weight loss. If you are skinny, like he is, then he's a great doctor. If you are fat, then be ready for 15 minutes of &quot;weight loss 101&quot;. 	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	0	I only saw Dr. Webb twice for a questionable diagnois fo diabetes.  I am  ASCP registered MLT and BB with two ME.D degrees in curriuclum and instruction, the other in special educaiton, and almost a third master's degree, a M.S. in biology-- plus beaucoup de graduate biology courses , some taken on the MCV campus in mcrobio and the others at VCU, and certifcation to teach at the secondary level biology, chemistry, general science and psychology; externship with the Science Museum of Virginia; 51/2 yrs ARC blood bank; previous employment in biological research.  I tested 278 and 243 for fasting glucose with  A1c of 10.6; 2 yrs previous for eight yrs have tested with fasting between 110 and 120 and consistent A1c of 6.  I suggested that there was an instrumentation problem in the lab.  My own glucometer with GDH-PQQ strips was testing 100 mg/dl lower.  I was terminated as a patient by the Practice Manager August 13, 2009 via certifed mail. Manager's name given was William B. Ashe.  	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Anthem
15	-1	He is awful. He does NOT like women. Everything you have is blamed on your &quot;time of the month&quot; or one week after your &quot;time of the month&quot; or two weeks after your &quot;time of the month&quot;. In a car accident and break your arm&#63; Oh, he will find a way to say it has something to do with your being a woman and your &quot;time of the month&quot;. If you don't care if you live or die, then go to this doctor. If you care about yourself, FIND A REAL DOCTOR.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
15	1	I've gone to Dr Webb for almost 10 years.  The last few years, the nurses and Dr Webb want to rush me through their office.  I don't feel like a person there anymore.  It's been two years (I have been patient and have tried many things on my own), and it's apparently not possible to get proper treatment for my problem.  At my last appointment, Dr Webb called me a Nihilist rather than asking me why I did not follow the treatments recommended by two specialists.  After his name calling, I spoke up and informed him why.  I stopped the first specialist's treatment because it caused issues elsewhere on my body, and I did not want to trade one problem for another AND regularly take antibiotics.  I didn't start allergy shots because the allergist recommended them and said they may not even work (takes many years to find out).  I mainly went to the allergist because my father had gone and was diagnosed with some allergies.  I also thought I had an allergy to a certain food (I didn't).  	4	4	3	4 	Insurance:Anthem
15	1	I've used Dr. Webb for more than six years. I see him at least once per year for an annual check-up. The primary reason for seeing him is my hereditary high cholesterol (260-280), which is now down to the 170-180 range. I have been on cholesterol medication since the age of 12. I am now 25.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
16	-1	The office is so poorly run that it is virtually impossible to get any kind of question answered.  The office staff is condescending and rude. Out of the three times I had lab work done, twice there were mistakes. Dr. Weber does spend a lot of time on the computer, and overall I felt like she really didn't enjoy being a doctor.  	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Anthem
16	-1	Terrible experience.  She seemed as if she was not there.  Really unresponsive and too consumed with her laptop and cart she pushes it around with.  Would not recommend her to anyone.  I waited 45 minutes in the waiting room and there was no one else there but me.  Terrible.  	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	-1	horrible doctor, heard she was bad, but first visit was OK, after that it went downhill. Will NOT listen to you, has her own opinions, you walk out worse tha when you went in. Uses a computer during visit, never looks up at you.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
17	1	Great doctor, listens to patients, follows up after visit.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
18	-1	does not listen to patient questions or concerns. does not do test that patient ask for. in a hurry to get visit over with. does not help with getting disability 	4	4	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	out of all the doctors ive ever been to she was the Best Dr i ever went to. she actually talks not like other doctors who you have to pull teeth to get them to say anything. she answers most my questions before i ask them. explains everything, and suggests solutions without me having to ask for every little thing.  highly recommend 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
19	1	 	5	5	5	3 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	they have always told me ahead of time what i owed and what will happen at that visit.  She is a great doctor and i trust her! highly recommended! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
20	1	Dr. Wasan is awesome. Her nurse Sandy is fantastic too. I highly recommend this practice.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
20	1	Dr.  Wasan is one of the BEST allergists in the area!  My whole family is SO happy with her!  I HIGHLY recommend her! 	 1/11/11	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
20	0	Very poor practice! Would show up for our  scheduled appointment to find office closed with no information. New staff very combative. Office/staff made it very very difficult to leave her care to get care from another practice. Would do serum mixings with out consent then demand payment. Nurse lost track of who's shot serum she gave to which patient! Over all very bad experience.  	2	1	3	3 	Insurance:Anthem
20	1	She is wonderful! Very patient and knowledgeable. Great bedside manners! Very happy with how she's treating my son who has asthma.  I would recommend her to everyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
20	1	She and her staff still work like an old time doctor office - if you are sick, she sees you - including fitting you in - and then you still wait only a few minutes. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	I found Dr. Warner to be very skilled and insightful.  She communicated warmth and compassion and was an important part of my recovery from addiction to drugs and alcohol.  She is extensively trained in addiction medicine and I consider myself very fortunate to have been under her care during this critical period of my life. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	love him!! he is excellent doctor and always willing to help you with anything that you have  a concern about. i am high risk and he was very compassionate and helpful through my every week doctor appointments and extensive tests!HIGHLY RECOMMENED HIM TO ANYONE!!! tahnks to my sister for the high recomendations on him ;) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
22	-1	Office has cancelled many prematal appts. Showed up ontime for appt while receptionist was on a call (work related... another patient having problems) I quietly seated myself for the 20 minutes it took her to handle call... the went up to receptionist to let her know i was there.  She notified Dr Walsh that I was there... other people came in and were taken back right away to see Dr. Walsh (one of whom did not have appt)... when I asked receptionist, she called back to ask why I hadnt been called in... was told that it was because I was 20 Minutes late, they were going to work me in!!I also have had issue with this Dr as he will not induce my labor. I am over 39 weeks, Dr has not done vaginal exam since first trimester... I am having a large baby (already over 8lbs, confirmed by ultrasound) and have had a normal pregnancy.  Both of my prev preg required induction. I am concerned that baby is going to be too large to deliver vaginally... I do not want a c-sec.  	3	1	1	3 	Insurance:Anthem
22	1	Dr. Walsh delivered my son and will deliver my daughter here soon. I had a complicated pregnancy with my son and he was very helpful! I had pre-term at 33 weeks with my son and visited the ER about 6 different times before I was induced. He just would tell me what to do and send me on my way. I highly recomend him. With this pregnancy I have had pains and what not through out and he has made it a breeze.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
22	1	Dr Walsh is wonderful.   He has such a calm and caring demeanor.  I've referred my sister and several of my girlfriends to him and they all feel the same way.  Dr Walsh also is a very skilled surgeon.  He performed a laproscopic hysterectomy on me which really minimized healing time after surgery.  Two other doctors I had previously seen insisted that the only way to do my surgery was with a large abdominal incision.  I'm really glad I found this doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
22	1	Dr. Walsh was extremely caring and compassionate during a very difficult and high risk pregnancy.  I'm now on my second pregnancy and hope to never have to change to another physician. He always made me feel that he had time to answer my questions.  I had a lot!!.   He even stayed late to deliver me on a night he wasn't on call -- that sort of dedication just doesn't happen any more! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
22	1	He is a really nice doctor and makes you feel comfortable. I have only ever had a woman doctor until I lost my job and had to get medicaid. Thankfully they accepted me there. His two nurses are really kind and help with any questions that you may have as well.  Everyone is very knowledgable and always in a good mood! 	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
22	-1	He was very uncooperative and would not work with me with what was on my birth plan.  I had researched extensively and had cleared my birth plan with the other two doctors in the practice.  They were okay with it, but Dr. Walsh argued with me over it and would not honor my wishes.  This was over such things as delayed cord clamping and placing the baby on my abdomen while cord was still attached.  He also would not agree to take a hands off approach with the delivery of the placenta.  I wanted to wait until it detached on its own.  We discussed this early in labor but when the time came, he ignored our discussion and pulled on the cord hastening the delivery of the placenta.  I also asked that he not massage or pinch the cord until it stopped pulsating so that the baby could receive all the blood it needed (and oxygen through that blood).  I thought we'd agreed on this but my doula later told me that she saw him rubbing the cord when my husband and I were preoccupied with the baby. 	5	5	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
23	0	Seems like he knows his stuff, but he is the most condescending person I have ever met in my life. I attempted to describe my symptoms and he immediately told me that wasn't how I felt. When I attempted to explain further, he went into a 10 minute tirade about how he knows more than other people and what I think is wrong.   All I was trying to do was give him my history - I would have respected any diagnosis he gave me!  I'm sure he's good at injections, and I believe prolotherapy helps people as I've had it before, but I'll find another provider to do it! 	3	2	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	-1	Going to see this Doctor was a terrible experience. It's bad enough being in horrible back pain with someone who is supposed to help treat me in a condescending and insulting manner. The first thing he said to me is, &quot;I like to inject people with big needles&quot;. When I told him I would like to try other treatments he began lecturing me about cigarette smoking. He charged my insurance for this visit and charged me a copay. For doing nothing but insult me. I DO NOT recommend this person at all.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Dr. Wagner is my life saver. Before meeting him, I thought I would be a handicap due to my backpain. I am now active again and able to enjoy playing tennis and doing weight and muscle training.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Wonderful doctor. Very caring and puts his patients first. He is the type of doctor that does his best to get you better and is willing to go out of his way for you. I am much better since he started treating me and I suffered for years before I was treated by Dr. Wagner.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	GREAT DOC. Fantastic, superb, unbeleivably nice. Great bedside manners. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	I've had prolotherapy w/ Dr. Wagner and my pain is gone. I checked with my insurance and their website (BlueCross) and they do not cover prolotherapy. They classified prolotherapy as &quot;experimental&quot;. Prolotherapy isn't experimental. It works. Dr. Wagner is terrific. The insurance companies are the bad guys. Thank god that there are doctors out there that are willing to help us despite what the insurance companies say. He will go the extra mile to find out what is wrong with you and make sure that you get the best treatment possible. He explained all my options and involved me in the treatment process.  	 9/23/09	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Dr. Wagner is the nicest and most knowledgeable doctor I know in pain management.  He was able to, not only diagnosed my back problem (herniated disc) and later torn tendon on my shoulder, but treated me with prolotherapy which saved me from having surgery and live a normal life.  I disagree with comments made about his bed-side manner and dishonesty.  He couldn't be more truthful when he told me BC/BS would not cover prolotherapy.  I checked and they do not. I highly recommend him and will continue to see him.  I have Dr. Wagner to thank for having my life back.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	-1	Robert H Wagner is judgmental, dismissive, condescending, and projects his thoughts onto you. He refused to address a medical issue related to the main issue I was complaining about, even though I had written that issue in as a complaint. He said, &quot;We're not addressing that today.&quot; He kept telling me what I was probably thinking. His comments were unprofessional. He didn't answer questions seriously. I expressed surprise at one of his responses and he said, &quot;I was kidding.&quot; Is this doctor for real&#63; I do not, I repeat, I DO NOT recommend him to anyone.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	-1	Wagner is a reasonably decent doctor, but he commits insurance fraud on a daily basis.  He refuses to allow the insurance companies to pay him for prolotherapy, claiming that they will not pay (when in reality they often will).  That would be fine and dandy if he did not also claim to be a &quot;preferred provider&quot; for those same insurance companies.  So in essence, he is having his cake and eating it, too.  And yet because so many of his patients are desperate souls in horrible pain, he gets away with it.  Those people are not in a position to challenge his fraud. 	4	3	3	1 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Dr. Wagner is amazing.  I suffered with unusual back pain for several years while several doctors had no idea how to help me.  I was referred to Dr. Wagner, and he was the first doctor to lay out a full plan for my recovery.  He is the most skilled at giving injections of anyone I've ever encountered, and the pain relief he helped me experience has truly changed my life.  He always explained all my options to me, as well as what we would do if the current option wasn't enough.  He truly was an angel to me and I will be forever grateful.   I recommend him whole-heartedly and without reservation! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
23	0	Dr. Wagner is very capable and helped me identify issues which other doctors had failed to diagnose for years.  However, he did not respond well to complications during my course of treatment.  I felt that he was disinterested in listening to me after several visits.  He also dismissed some symptoms which other doctors readily diagnosed.  He is a very capable pain management specialist and his treatments helped me but catching him on a bad or off day can be frustrating if not infuriating.  His style of always putting treatment options in the patients lap can also be quite frustrating especially if you don't have the time or background to thoroughly investigate each course of action.  I never felt like he truly had conviction in a particular course of treatment and when I became frustrated with the complexity of the situation, he became very short with me.  	4	5	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Great doctor. Saw him in Fairfax. He knew what my problem was immediately. I saw several docs before him but he was the only one that knew what the problem was.  	 1/2/08	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Dr. Wagner knew how to treat my back pain immediately and with great success. I was referred to him by Dr. Hope. I feel confident that I will be able to forego surgery for many years.  I have great confidence in him! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
24	1	I love Dr Walker, and cannot say enough good things about him. He never rushes through appointments. He is wonderful with my special needs child, and he always respects my opinion as the parent. Because of him, my child loves going to the doctor and has made the connection that she needs to go to the doctor when she doesn't feel right. Dr Walker always remembers my child and the particulars with her case. Dr Walker is the perfect example of how doctors should treat their patients, and in this case, the patient's parents.  I would not take my child to anyone else! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
24	1	THE best pediatrician ever!  Takes time to discuss illness and treatment with the parents.  He treats each child as if they are the most important.  He is my daughters favorite doctor! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
24	1	You might have to wait a few extra minutes on Dr. Walker but it's well worth it. He has never made me feel rushed during our appointments. He is wonderful with my kids. One of my favorite things about Dr. Walker is that he always wants to know my take on things. He stands by the idea that a parent knows their child best. He is very calm and soft spoken. Absolutely ... everything a pediatrician should be. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	He was my M.D. for a couple of years, and I kind of have mixed feelings about him. He's knowledgable, but a little nuts at times. You will usually get sound medical advice, but he might preach to you about Jesus. You might feel like he really cares one day, and feel belittled the next. I'm not trying to be smug but I feel he spends half his time worshipping Jesus, and the other half thinking he IS Jesus. The more intelligent you are the stranger you will find him. 	5	3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	I love Dr. Ware! He was knowledgeable, took his time, and taught me. I felt listened to and he explained things to me clearly. He also recommended books and referral sources. I'd recommend him to anyone in my family.  	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
25	1	Very knowledgeable doctor who spends a decent amount of time with patients.  I've been there about 5 times and found Dr Ware very competent and effective.  My only complaint is the long wait to see him 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	save yourself and don't go to this doctor, you will regret it.  the only thing he cares about is how fast he could get out his office so he could see other patient, any time you ask him a question about any health problem that may concern you.  the only answer you will get from him.  you need to make another appointment and we will discuss it this way, once again the more you came the more money he makes.  if you didn' take my advice and you decide to go see him, do yourself a favor for example if you trying to see him at 1200 make sure you tell them 1000 because you going to wait 1 hour at the waiting area and when it 's your time to go in they put you in this room and make you wait another hour.  and finally when he shows up, he will rush so quick because once again he has other people waiting.  furthermore, one day i had a bad ear infection, when i went to see him he once again rushed me and said you ear looks fine, the next day i had to go to the emergency room. and they found i had infection.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	0	Dr. Ware is well-meaning and attempts to apply his Christian values to his practice of medicine.  His staff are always empathetic and polite.  There are two problems: 1) Even the most routine office visit can take up to three hours; and 2) Dr. Ware's behavior can be uneven and sometimes actually strange.  For example, he once admonished me for having a medical test which he recommended during an earlier visit.  	4	1	3	3 	Insurance:Aetna
25	-1	Dr. Ware is absolutley terrible.  I was having symptoms of fatigue and he basically told me it was just stress and poor nutrition.  I had some lab work done and it showed some of my thyroid levels were elevated.  The level that was elevated was actually a test doctors use as a tumor marker in patients with thyroid cancer. He did not bring this to my attention.  I asked him if I should pursue this further and he told me to just change my diet and come back in 3 months.  I decided to see an endocrinologist on my own.  To make a long story short it turned out to be thyroid cancer.  I had seen him 2 years before that visit with the same symptoms and he ignored it.  My cancer spread outside my thyroid.  If he would of done further testing on the initial visit the cancer would not have spread.  I would not recommend this doctor to anyone. If I hadn't seen another doctor I would never have been diagnosed.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
25	-1	I would never recommend this docotor to anyone.  Every time I go in there, I get a lecture about how the only way to stay  healthy is to eat fruits and vegetables.  I always wait a minumum of an hour to even leave the waiting room plus another 30 minutes to an hour in the exam room for 5 minutes of facetime with the doctor.  He never address my real problem, but instead lectures me about what is wrong in the world.  When asked if I should (as a woman) be concerned with vitamin intake, especailly calcium, he said you diet should provide everything.  However, every other scientific study has shown that calcium supplements for women are important.  He ran my bloodwork inproperly and did not bother to explain the results. I am an educated person, especially in the areas of science and medicine, and what he is telling me does not make sense.  I would stay away from this office at all costs.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	-1	I would never recommend this doctor.  He always comes across as being smarter than everyone else and he mis-diagnosed me on what could have been a very embarrassing and permanent condition...he read my lab results incorrectly and I after getting a second opinion, found out that I didn't have anything wrong with me.  When he told me the diagnosis, he acted very non-chalant about it and made me feel like an idiot for questioning what he told me.  He did not prescribe anything for the treatment of what he said I had, which I thought odd, and brushed off my questions and my disbelief.  However, he was very quick to recommend magnesium suppliments and cod liver oil, which he did all the time, and told me, once again, not to tell any other doctors as they aren't as smart, or forward thinking, about these things as he is.  Plus, his front line staff ALWAYS had to ask me what my co-pay was rather than having it on file....come across as very lazy.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	-1	Dr. Ware's office was routinely difficult to deal with. On nearly every visit I was forced to wait appox 1 hour past my appointment time. The incident that promted me to leave Dr. Ware's care was a misdiagnosis of a urological condition. Dr. Ware was insistent that my issue could be solve by advil and cod liver oil. I had to return to his office 10 times and argue with him several times before being referred to a compitent specialist for my issue.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:MAMSI
26	1	Dr. Watkins is an effective listener, a very caring doctor he will use his indepth knowledge to lead you towards better health through helping you understand the choices that you have available to you and will guide you to making the right choice for your short and long term care. It was the best decision I ever made to switch my doctor to seeing Dr. Waktins. His staff is awesome too.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
26	1	First rate doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Love this entire staff! Dr. Warner is great with his patients, even when we don't like what we hear. He has his patient's best interest at heart, pun intended. His nursing staff is always pleasant and upbeat. Thanks Dr.  Warner!Donna Harrison 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	Dr. Warner is an exceptional physician, he is attentive, thoughtful, skilled and extremely knowledgeable.  He is kind, particularly with the elderly, giving them whatever time necessary to discuss their condition, treatment, etc.  Unfortunately his office staff is challenging, difficult to get through to dr, staff not helpful in making appointments, not able to offer and/or carry out other alternative solutions, such as leaving a message for the doctor, and they take an inordinate amount of time returning calls, if they do at all without additional messages being left.  A great deal of responsibility placed on patient to continue to call if the doctor is not available/out of town which is stressful, to say the least, on cardiac patients, particularly elderly ones in poor health.  Understandably he is very busy but needs to be supported by competent staff.  Dr. Warner is an outstanding cardiologist and we have been fortunate to be treated by such a fine doctor.  	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
27	1	Very knowledgeable. Easy to talk with.  Really listens. Really seems to care and is interested in me and my family.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
27	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	. Finally, a physician who is kind, caring and knowledgeable ! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	Top-notch doc. Dr Watterson is very respectful of my decisions/knowledge as a Mom. He always has time to explain/talk/listen. His staff is excellent and we have never had to wait very long to see him. He is wonderful with my children and would highly recommend. Non-vax/delayed vaccination/non-circ friendly. An awesome family doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
28	1	My son   takes methatrexate for an auto immune disease. I could not get the specialist who provided the prescription to answer my questions.A  friend referred me to  Dr. Watterson.  He gave me 45 min and helped me understand everything.  told me to call if I had  questions 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
28	1	Great Christian oriented Doctor.  Very responsive to phone calls and gives very personal service.  	 4/6/08	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
29	1	He is very thorough and has a wonderful bedside manner. As busy as he is, I never feel rushed when it's my turn to be seen. I am glad I found him! 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Dr. Walsh is a caring doctor who takes his time getting to know you. I always felt like he had a deep investment in keeping my babies and me safe and healthy during my pregnancies.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
31	-1	Not very good....doesn't know much at all. Can't tell the diff from a hernia and a lyphnode 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Extremely interested and concerned about me as a patient and making sure I got the best advice and care he could provide. He went out of his way to see me when I needed it and made extra efforts to inform my surgeon of necessary information. Very bright and knowledgeable. He is an internest as well as an infectious disease specialist. Highly recommended. Ron Feinman, Lynchburg, VA.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
32	1	Best doctor I ever have had. Very knowledgable, very easy to talk to and answers all questions, puts your mind at ease but &quot;tells it like it is. &quot; 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
33	1	Dr. Walsh is wonderful. She spends so much time answering questions I have about my infant. She doesn't appear to be in a hurry either.  She sits down, looks relaxed, and actually talks with me about my daughter. She is confident in her diagnoses but respectfully refers me to specialists if needed.  She tells it like it is.  She'll ask about my daughter's schedule and gives me advice on feeding and bedtime. I will refer her to my friends! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	not help at all he does not take the time to explain the things he said and underestimate my pain, I know that he is a wise person but he could read images but not the feelings of the people May he think that i could not pay but is wrong i pay him cvash because i never like to use credit cards i really think that his recommendations were short and i felt that he do not take me seriously in my condition , after see him i went to a second opinion and really explain every single thing is happening inside my body and the recommendations and medications and most important treat me with respect and took his time to listen and answer all my questions . Sorry but I am not happy with his practice the office and front desk staff is good and efficient the doctor for my was not good, not on knowledge i am pretty sure that he is prepare but on the interaction with people needs more respect. Thank you. 	3	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	.  	3	1	1	3 	Insurance:Workers Comp
34	1	I met Dr. Whattenmaker after going to (2) orthopedic physicians and being diagnosed with a herniated L4/S1 disc 6 months prior. However this diagnosis was made with the MRI coming back negative showing nothing but I was in severe pain. I took my films from Reston Hospital and had Dr. Whattenmaker look them over. What was not found on the films by the first physicians was a small grey area on the bottom left called arthritis which encouraged Dr. Whattenmaker to take an MRI of my left hip. The MRI came back positive for Osteoporosis (bone on bone) in the left hip. I decided to look for a specialist Dr. Thomas P Gross (The BIOMET Recap Femoral and Magnum Acetabular System) sitehttp://www.grossortho.com/doctor.htmWithout Dr. Whattenmaker’s experience and professionalism this would have been a disaster.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
34	1	He's a great doc and doesn't jump the gun for surgery. I had 2 docs say I needed surgery immediately and dr wattenmaker took the time to actually explain my situation. I did end up having surgery but only after exhausting all other options. Surgery went great and recovery only took 2 week and I was back working on cars after 1 week.  I wouldn't recomend anyone else 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
34	-1	He rejected me as a patient, trying to downplay my need for surgery so that he wouldn't have to take me as a patient.  After conferring with two other reputable surgeons (as well as the three doctors who recommended surgery), surgery was the only option.  However, he delayed the process, which increased my time in excruciating pain.  He is arrogant and condescending.  Get a second opinion if you see him first.  	4	5	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
34	1	I found both the staff and Dr. Wattenmaker to be very friendly and professional. Dr. Wattenmaker had to perform cervical surgery to include adding titaninum rods to my neck. He was so caring and concerned. He made what was a very scary experience a not so bad one. Thank you Dr. Ian.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
34	1	I went to Dr. Wattenmaker for a second opinion on my back. He was so friendly and I did not feel rushed at all. I was able to ask him all of the questions I needed to. The first doctor I went to wanted to do surgery on my back. Dr. Wattenmaker looked at my scans and talked to me about the kind of pain I had. He said he diagnoses the patient, not the MRI. He said that if it were his back, he would not do the surgery. We talked about lifestyle choices that are better for my back. So, I decided not to go through with surgery and I'm grateful for it. I have no back pain now. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	wait time = over an hour, my opinion is that dr. w was arrogant and rude. not a good experience for first impression.  will not go back 	4	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	Nancy is the most amazing and caring therapist. She really listens.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	very personable.  most helpful to speak with about any issues.  would definitely recommend. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	I have going to Dr. Weatheford for seven years, I recommend her highly. I wish we had more doctors like her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
37	-1	Switched practices and was referred to Dr. Weatherford. After only one visit with her she released me from the practice on my second visit b/c I rescheduled one of my appointments  due to a work conflict and I also opted out of of one the recommended prenatal tests (but not required - I was also having a healthy pregnancy) I called to discuss this over the phone with her prior to our second appointment and only her nurse would return my calls and after hours so that when I returned her call I would only get their voicemail system. I was never actually able to resolve any issues or discuss my decision as she just basically fired me as a patient on my second appointment I did not do exactly as she wanted. (I may have listened to her if we had a discussion but was never given the opportunity) I was always under the impression that doctors should discuss patients concerns and give them options and also help explain things, not the case here. Very bad bedside manner.  	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
37	-1	My dr. Referred me to dr dunnavant, but unfortunately she was not available for me to see right away. So I saw dr weatherford instead, big mistake.An ultrasound shuld have been done to see if a cyst had ruptured &amp; she said I didn't need one done.that was the purpose for me going.it was a complete waste of time &amp; money.I never would never go back to her or reccomend her.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
37	-1	She gave me consultation by saying&quot;I think everything just on your head&quot;. That's all for $120.00 Won't do a annual exam on me, because she said I don't need to. (Base on their clinic practice guideline, not base on paitient's need or request.   And I made my intention clearly when I made the appointment schedule) 	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Anthem
37	1	Dr. Weatherford delivered my daughter last year and has been my doctor for the past 5 yrs...and she is wonderful! She answered all the questions my husband &amp; I had and never made us feel like we were taking too much of her time... amazing bed side manner, very knowledgeable, &amp; funny all at the same time! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
37	1	Dr. Weatherford is a wonderful doctor and an amazing person. She makes her patients feel like they are her only appointment that day. I've never felt rushed or that I was asking too many questions.  She delivered both of my children - and with both I had a wonderful experience.  I feel very lucky that she is my doctor.  I've referred 4 friends to her, and all of them love her.  I highly recommend her - my pre-natal, delivery and postnatal care were all wonderful. I had to have a LEEP done before I got pregnant with our 2nd - it was a very emotional time, but her informative yet caring approach helped me through it.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
37	1	Dr. Weatherford is an extremely knowledgable OB/GYN with a wonderful bed-side manner.  She has delivered both of our children, one of which was diagnosed with Trisomy-18, and ultimately passed away shortly after birth.  During the time leading up to delivery, she was very informative and helped navigate us through some some extremely tough decisions.  During both pregancies she always took as much time as needed to make sure we were always properly informed.  Furthermore she has a wonderful, friendly personality and made us feel like we were part of her family.  Any woman would be extremely fortunate to have her as their physician.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
37	1	Dr. Weatherford is great and very knowledgable. She has been my dr for over a year and is genuine and cares about her patients. I would highly recommend her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
37	1	Dr. Weatherford is my favorite doctor - she makes going to the gynecologist easy and anxiety-free.  She knows what she's talking about, and is genuinely interested in you and solving whatever problems or questions you might have.   Highly recommended! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
37	1	I WENT TO HER WHEN I WAS ATTEMPTING TO BECOME PREGNANT.  SHE WAS SO POSITIVE AND HELPFUL SHE EVEN GAVE ME A FREE PREGNANCY GUIDE BOOK TO HELP EDUCATE AND INFORM ME.  	5	5	5	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
38	1	After countless ear infections my daughter had tubes put in.  Dr. Weaver was great with my daughter and very flexible; we had to reschedule once because of a fever.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
38	-1	He took out the wrong parathyroid glands in my husband. Took out healthy glands and left the tumorous ones. Husband had to go to specialist in Tampa to have surgery revision.  Do not use! 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
38	1	Had sinus surgery here in 2006 and follow up treatments for allergies in 2008. Dr Weaver is very caring and a great ENT.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
39	1	wonderful bedside, informative, understanding, no run around, honest.  I was so sick over 6 months had cyst twisted rght overy, Dr Warmof resolved the issue after my OLDd gyn told me it was all in my head. This is wonderful doctor and person.  right in UVA &amp; MJH in Charlottesville VA.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
40	1	The staff is not the greatest some are rude ,but Dr Waddell is a very good doctor with a great bedside manner ! She is always willing to listen to me and explain my condition to me in words I can understand,not those big doctor terms.  I would refer he to everyone ! 	3	4	4	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
40	-1	Service was rated poor due to being forgotten about while waiting to be seen by the doctor. After being diagnosed by the doctor after finally being seen, the doctor forgot to write out the prescriptions.  I was sent to a secondary doctor for a sleep study and was found to have a severe case of sleep apnea. Due to not being able to sleep at night I could not properly function at work. My insurance company needed the doctor to fill out the necessary paper work diagnosing my sickness in which the doctor would not do. I was diagnosed with sleep apnea on 12/18/08 and still do not have a CPAP machine(01/07/09) to help me breath while attemting to sleep. I have had to visit the emergency room in between this time due to complications breathing with heart attack and stroke like symptoms. All symtoms seem to occur when trying to sleep.  The doctor seems to not have a since of urgency when it comes to the patient health.  I'm afraid that I could loss my life any day now.  	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
40	-1	I took my 66 year old mother to this doctor. My mother was violently ill with food poisoning, was dehydrated and shaking. She was made to wait nearly an hour for her appointment and was given a trash can to throw up in while waiting in the emergency room. I believe that because my mother is a medicare patient, she was given less than acceptable care. Many of Dr. Waddell's staff members were rude and unhelpful, both over the phone and in person. I will be helping my mother to find a different doctor, one that can be trusted to give equitable care to all patients. 	1	1	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	. Great help!  I walked out feeling like a different person and have recommended several people!  Knows his stuff! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
43	1	Dr. Wagner is very sharp. Does not hesitate to order any necessary tests. She is very professional. Great staff working for her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
44	1	Sensitive, caring doc. Really took time to explain our daughter's condition. Highly recommended! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	Saw Dr. Weaver a few years back for my child's newborn and follow-up visits. Now I won't see her even if she's the first doc available for a sick visit. My child was born quite prematurely and had to be seen the day after discharge from NICU. S/he was very jaundiced, and of course as new parents, we had a few other concerns, all of which were communicated to the nurse. The first thing Dr. Weaver said on walking in the room was, &quot;You know not to give her/him honey, right&#63;&quot; Uh...okay. She spent the rest of the visit dispensing these random gems of wisdom (e.g. Q: &quot;Can mom eat peanut butter while nursing&#63;&quot; A: &quot;Only if she's as picky as a 2-year-old and won't eat anything else.&quot; And: &quot;Make sure no long hair becomes wrapped around baby's appendages.&quot;) Her focus was on these silly matters rather than the medical significant ones. The whole thing finished with a plug for Cetaphil, which had been made in the appt before ours as well. Similar behavior occurred at subsequent visits.  Avoid! 	3	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	Dr. Weaver did our new born hospital visit and was very helpfull.   This practice has been great all around 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	This man is detailed, candid and very task oriented. We have had to face unexpected challenges which he has accepted and dealt with brutal honesty.  We have occasion to interface with VA Hospital on numerous occasions during the past year because of pancreatic cancer. This staff and office is &quot;the best&quot;.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
47	1	A high quality clinic that provides comprehensive care of foot problems. I was very pleased with the experience. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	I Loved Dr Walko so much I would tell people that I would leave my husband before I would leave Dr Walko. Unlike many doctors, he really believed I was in pain and when one test did not confirm a hip problem he had it done another way. If not for Dr. Walko I would have had to walk on a diseased and painful hip a lot longer than I did. He really listened to me. We worked TOGETHER to find the BEST way to manage my chronic pain. I will be forever grateful to him.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
50	1	Dr. Waters is not only very knowledgeable but takes the time to listen &amp; to explain.   Staff is always pleasant &amp; helpful.   Have been a patient of his for over 18 years.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
50	1	Good manner and very informed. Good help with problem and I was better with medication. thanks Doc 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	Dr Wallach was able to do what six doctors could not--- diagnose my back issues and recommend a treatment to get me healed to return to work.  The previous doctors went with the easy diagnosis - mild herniation of L3 to S1. But they also said the herniations could not possibly cause this much pain.  Dr Wallach listened to my symptoms which were very specific.  He conducted what I now know as the Faber test along with the physical exam, and determined I had SIJD.  God Bless the man!!!  Having the right diagnosis after 1 1/2 years is a miracle.  Unlike the past where I received Facet and ESI from the other doctors, Dr Wallach recommended a noninvasive plan and  after four weeks of PT and chiro, I have greatly improved feeling stronger and more stable.   Thank you Dr Wallach! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	Dr.  Watts always listens and acts based on what I have explainded to him 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
52	1	Dr Watts is a very caring doctor. He met us at the hospital very early one morning. He has taken excellent care of my husband and me for a long time. 	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	When I first went to this optometrist he prescribed me contacts that made my eyes red and uncomfortable. I went back and informed him of my problem and he prescribed me thinner contacts. The receptionist told me that Sam's Club might refund the thicker contacts I had already purchased and if not then they would personally order new ones for me free of charge. The following day I went to Sam's Club and they would not take back an open box of contacts so I decided to head back to the optometrist to claim what was obligated. However, when I arrived the receptionist was not there and when I told Weingart what she had told me he began shouting and arguing with me. He kept shouting &quot;No you're wrong&quot; repeatedly at the top of his lungs, called me a liar, and said that his receptionist would never say something like that. After a phone call with his receptionist he realized that he was in fact the one that was wrong and quickly offered to order the new contacts. 	5	5	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
54	-1	Needs to do a more extensive background check on patiences. 		3	3	1 	Insurance:Unknown
55	-1	I do not recommend this doctor at all. I brought my child for a certain service, but the doctor performed other service that are not required or requested so she can charge more. 	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
55	-1	After waiting over 1 month for a new patient appointment for my 5 year-old son, my wife loaded up the kids and showed up to his 0900 appointment notwithstanding the ice storm conditions (1/18/11).  Problem: she forgot her purse with our insurance card.  She asked if she could return with it later in the day.  Answer: No.  She asked if they would accept an immediately faxed or emailed copy.  Answer: No.  Both staff and Dr. Wei herself turned us away b/c of their made-up document authenticity requirements.  I'm a practicing attorney and understand the need to verify documents, however, turning away pediatric patients that have been waiting months b/c Dr. Wei won't accept a copy of a valid BC/BS PPO card is UNCONSCIONABLE, UNPROFESSIONAL, and probably violative of her professional duties.  tl;dr Dr. Wei refused to see a 5 year-old patient b/c she refused to accept a copy of his insurance card.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	Removed my wisdom teeth perfectly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
57	1	Best Doctor in this field bar none. He spends time with each patient, explains things and is an excellent surgeon. I highly recommend him. He fixed my knee and he also fixed my wife's shoulder. PT Dept is also excellent. I can't say enough good about this Doctor and orginazation.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	-1	I went to see Dr. Wardell for a shoulder injury. I waited for 2 hours, got 5 minutes with him, a Rx for pain meds, and physical therapy was ordered. It has been over a month, and they still haven't made an attempt to get me an MRI. They stated that the person responsible for scheduling the MRI would be contacting me after she authorized through my insurance, I called back three days later and even stopped by the desk on the way out to ask about the status of my MRI request, and they told me &quot;your insurance has to authorize it firts&quot;. I called my insurance a week later, and guess what! No one had contacted my insurance in regards to authorizing anything. Go Figure! They lack good lying skills as well as have poor service, and I'm very disappointed thus will be seeking a new physician that has staff that is both courteous, honest and above all dedicated to helping their patients heal.  	2	1	1	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
58	1	DR Walsh is one of best Doctors a family can have. She gives you a full 30 min of attention. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	-1	Dr. Walsh jumped down my throat too because I got a second opinion by an in network doctor. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
58	-1	Does not take insurance. Must pay out of pocket. Diagnosed me with multiple conditions even when tests we negative. When I went to see specialists and they said it was a misdiagnosis, she became very hostile. Can be very rude and abrupt. When I asked some basis questions, she jumped down my throat. 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Dream doctor. You get her undivided attention for the period of your appointment. You choose the scheduling date and time and the amount of time you want with her. She has top medical credentials. No staff. 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	She is wonderful in every way. Just what you want in a Doctor, Listens first  then provides a roadmap for getting better. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Excellent doctor, helpful, gets to the underlying cause of illness, caring and supportive of patients. 	 5/5/09	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Dr. Walsh has saved my life. Before I met Dr. Walsh I had  visited 5+ internists and infectious disease specialists that may have have good intentions, but would only take into account current test results rather than the big picture and history.       I am going to explain my history, so you understand how drastic of a change I had in my life. I was 23 and had gone from a highly functioning, optimist to a non-functioning, almost bedridden young adult. I had made it through an abusive childhood, which thank god ending in a single parent household in my adolescent years, to getting into an IVY league University and paying my own way while working three jobs. If there was a opportunity in front of me - I would tackle it. After graduation, I worked for a software start up and was promoted to Sr. Manager level before I became ill with disabling body pain, black outs, vision problems, extreme fatigue, weight gain (50 lbs in 6 months,) insomnia, balance problems, and just not being able to 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	Unfortunately, Dr. Ward has retired.  Thanks being such a great Doctor! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
59	-1	In my opinion Dr. Ward was not helpful to my family. His staff seemed unorganized most of the time. His care was a huge let down to our family.  		4	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
60	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	Excellent doctor with loyal following.  Spends a lot of time with patients, excellent bedside manner, good follow up care, and feels like a small town doctor in the big city.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	-1	I was seen by doctor Watkins for trouble walking from leg/hip pain.The X-ray machine was down so she sent me home and told me if it wasn't better in a few days to come back. She didn't do any kind of exam of my leg/hip or ask me to walk for her to see the trouble even though I had told her a had fallen several times. I am very upset that a doctor is allowed to discarge a patient in severe pain without any kind of exam. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	Amazing doctor. He took the time to listen to my concerns and is very knowledgable. His office is very busy so if you are a new patient, you may have to wait 3-4 weeks to see him, but be patient because he is worth the wait.  His front desk staff is also very helpful and efficient! I had my colonoscopy and egd (endoscopy)with him and I was ready the next day to go to work without any problems! I definetly recommend this doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
62	1	I visited this doctor to take a second opinion after I was diagnosed with Gallstones via an Ultrasound. I was told then by my PCP that I would have to undergo surgery to take out my GB. I was a little apprehensive to undergo surgery as my pain was on and off and I did not want to take out the GB just as yet. The doctor LISTENED patiently to my concerns and suggested me to take a HIDA scan in addition to the tests I had done previously with another Gastroenterologist as this would accurately determine whether I should or shouldn't have the surgery done, in all outcomes the doctor did recommend to have the surgery done as later the stones could move lead to more serious complications. The doctor is very knowledgeable, patient, detailed in his exaplanation of cause of the disease and the course recommendations for the cure. Definitely recommended.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
62	1	Dr. Wasan takes the time to listen to his patients which makes all the difference.  He is very knowledgeable and has an excellent bedside manner.  He has helped me when no other doctor could.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
62	1	Very knowledgeable and an excellent bedside manner.  He fixed my dad up in no time.  He spent time listening to what the problem was and it was ovbious he geniunly cares about his patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
63	-1	.  	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
64	1	I had breast cancer 7 years ago.  Dr Walter was kind, concern, and went out of his way to ensure everything from surgery, to radition, to chemo went as it should.  He recommended touch not radiation and oncology specialists, and consulted with them to provide me the best care possible.  The surgical scars are barely visible.  Last year, he and my oncologist stated that I'm cured.  I will continue to see him for my checkups because he knows my history.  I trust him and would recommend him again.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
64	-1	I had a very bad experience with Dr. Walter. I saw him because he was the first available doc in his group and I had a hernia that needed immediate attention. After the surgery, he dismissed my concerns that the repair didn't work and said the mesh is almost a sure fix. He never even touched my stomach when I came back after the surgery (two visits post-op since it still hurt). My primary care doc ordered an unltrasound when I complained to her and there was clearly still a hernia. I saw a new doc who took pics when she went in to do the procedure. Both pieces of mesh were balled-up in wads. No wonder it hurt! She thinks he did this when he closed the incision, pulling the patches off just as quickly has he placed them. If he had bothered to listen to me, I could have had this fixed 18 months ago, instead of dealing with the pain every time I laid down or got out of bed. Doctors like Barry Walter need to learn how to listen to their patients rather than being arrogant and dismissive.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
64	1	A FIRST CLASS SUGEON WITH AN EXCELLENT OFFICE AND SURGICAL STAFF.REMOVED A LARGE TUMOR FROM MY RIGHT GROIN.ABSOLUTELY THE BEST SURGERY I HAVE EVER HAD.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
64	1	I had surgery back in February and have been very pleased with Dr. Walter.  I recommend him.  I've had no complications or complaints from the surgery and only follow up with him because I had a medical device implanted that needs to be checked periodically. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	performed surgery for a abdominal hernia. Used what was then the new procedure called &quot;mesh&quot;. Less than a year later I returned due to still having a bulge, he claimed it was ok. Three yrs later I returned again due to still having a bulge, he said it was still ok. Went to my PCP doc approx 6mo ago for a full physical when she informed me that the hernia was NOT ok and needed surgery on it as soon as possible or I run the risk of strgulation of my intestines. Also screws that hold the mesh in place began to push through my skin & come loose 6mo after surgery, he attempted to remove them in the office with scapel in hand and no anethesia. Excrutiatingly painful and bloody, so he ended up having to remove them in a hospital setting. Do NOT go to this guy, he is a ****.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
64	-1	He did surgery on me last year, was careless and cut a piece of my bladder off and put me together wrong.  Now I have to go and have everything done all over.  The new surgeon has no idea what he will find because they could not do the colonoscopies on me.  The doctor from last year made a blockage.   DO NOT EVER GO TO HIM 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	He is a very good surgeon, but his bedside manner is nonexistent. He spends very little time with patients, explaining procedures and answering questions, but then he is in a very busy practice. 		2	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	I have gone to Dr Weingold for both knees and have never had a problem.  My family has used Dr Weingold many times and have never had a problem with him. I found him to be very helpfull for me my wife and my mother and brother inlaw.  I will use Dr Weingold again when needed and will send my friends and the  rest of my family.  Great doctor because he cares and will listen to your pain.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	1	Dr. Weingold was great with my son. He took the time to explain his condition and the steps we needed to get him back to sports. He answered all our questions thoughtfully, showed us the x-rays and prescribed the right treatment. He has taken care of our whole family and I strongly recommend him to my friends and coworkers.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	-1	6 months after my initial injury, I finally on my own, sought an MRI.  Dr. Weingold dismissed 2 injuries- one to the ankle and one to the hip- as inconsequential.  I could have had surgery along time ago and gotten back to my life rather than slugging through a mirage of guessing games as to what my ailments were- (torn tendon in the ankle and torn cartilage in the hip)- I did not find Dr. Weingold to be at all helpful in getting me back to my life 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
65	-1	No bed-side manner or compassion.  I felt he was indifferent he spent maybe 5 minutes with me and most of that time was reviewing x-rays - not talking with or listening to me.  	5	2	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
65	-1	Doctor was quite condescending and unsympathetic.  He talked over us when we tried to explain our reasons for the visit.  We were his last appointment of the day and he was dismissive when it came to our questions and concerns. 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	My family doc sent me to the ER because my 3 yr old daughter was vomitting for 3 days and badly dehydrated and my 16 month old son was vomitting for 7 days and somewhat dehydrated.  This doc told me to take both home and push fluids.  When told 3 yr old can not keep fluids down, said &quot;I guess we can give her an IV&quot;  He did not think she needed it even though she was pale,listless, glassy eyed, dry mouthed, limp.  Did nothing but write a script for son.  He was more interested in getting the room empty.  I think he is also the same doc I saw 4 years ago who asked me why I was still throwing up at 16 weeks pregnant.   Hmmm, maybe that is why I was brought, nearly unconcious, to th ER&#63;  If you can avoid him, do so, 	5	5	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	. Dr Weinberg is very knowlegible, he listens to you, he cares and he knows what he is doing 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	My first chiro. experience was excellent considering I went in a skeptic, now I'm open to the possiblity that Dr. Weinberg can AND has helped me with managing my lower back pain.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	0	Went to this doctor for another opinion and only found him to be helpful in ordering more updated tests.  He withheld or was dishonest about info in my test results which I found to be the case upon reading them myself.  In addition, he mis-diagnosed my condition, which may have been a result of not fully reviewing the tests results.  When I brought to his attention, he basically harassed me to come back to him (called repeatedly: 4 times in 2 days), but offered no treatment.  Have since been to another dr. and had successful surgery.  Do not recommend. 	5	4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Dr. Waters performed two back surgeries on me and I found him to be an excellent doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
69	1	Dr. Weaver has been my doc for over 5 years after moving to the area.  He has been unfailingly helpful and judicious, never patronizing but very focused on overall health and wellness.  The office is well-run if a bit impersonal, although they've always come through when we've needed information.  I have recommended both Herndon Family Medicine and Dr. Weaver to others.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
69	1	Doctor Weaver had resolved my wife and my own medical problems.       My wife was diagnosis as stomach pains for about two years by doctors from another medical institute. Dr. Weaver become her new doctor only about two weeks and decided that her pains was not stomach pain and told her to do ultra sound test. She was found that she has god bladder stones and need urgent surgery.       I had similar condition. I got minor elbow pains from a travel for pulling luggage. later I got very severe pains in my arm with numbness. My elbow pain was gone very easily after taking pain medication but my arm and shoulder pains and numbness were not. He told me to do MRI test and found that I have injuries from an auto accident also and needed urgent surgery.      He also helped me to find a very good neurosurgeon Dr. Donald Hope and neurologist Dr. Robert Richard.      He is really a good doctor and I trust him completely. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Dr. Weaver is very nice and personable. He also seems to know a lot about health and seems to care about the patient. I definitely recommend him if you are going to Herndon Family Medicine.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
70	1	Dr Webb is fantastic.  My husband's family has been going to him for over 30 years, and for the past 5 years that he has been my dentist I have been very pleased with him and his team.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
71	1	I very very happy with the attention I got from Dr. Wang. This was a first visit and I will continue to see him. I would recommend Dr. Wang. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	I just had my first appointment with Dr. Walsh, at the recommendation of a friend, and couldn't be more pleased.  Dr. Walsh has a strong academic and clinical pedigree; excellent interpersonal skills; a strong network of specialists for referrals; and, most importantly, made me feel like the only patient in his practice. Based on my initial experience, I strongly recommend Dr. Walsh.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
72	1	Awesome doctor. You probably won't find a better one in Arlington.  Make your appointment now! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
72	1	I had my first appointment with Dr. Walsh and liked him very much.  He was straightforward, easy, and comfortable.  He addressed my concerns and I am glad to know he is there for me as my primary physician.  	 9/29/08	5	5	5	Insurance:MAMSI
72	1	It's a little discomforting to have a young doctor--I tend to like the stereotypical 65-year-old with 40 years of practice--but for Dr. Walsh, it's totally worth it. I have found Dr. Walsh to be a brilliant practitioner who pays close personal attention to all of his patients. If you're in Northern Virginia, he is not to be missed--if you can get in.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	Dr. Walsh is very knowledgeable and I would recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Dr waddy is wonderful he cares about what you think and feel. He is always polite and caring.  I could not ask for a better family doctor.  His staff top choice always going the extra mile to make you feel at ease at your visit.  Wish more were like this group. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Dr. Waddy has a wonderful bed side manner, he's compassionate towards patients, goes the extra mile to ensure you understand your condition/medicine/treatment and asks about the family during my visit. He's skilled and professional to be so young.  The front desk and lab staff has improved greatly over the last few years, those changes did the practice well!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
73	1	You alway walk into a wonderful repectful and refreshing doctor office. It starts from the medical secetaries to nurses than the Dr Waddy. Any problems that you have he will give his best profession advise. He is a wonderful person in and out. Thanks to you and your staff for the care that your office give...... smile and may GOD continue bless this office.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	I was convinced my husband was suffering from allergies and Dr. Waddy saw important signs leading to a heart problem. If not for his skill,my husband could have had even more damage to his heart. I know he gave him a chance at a longer life.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	I have been with Dr Waddy for over 3 years, He is the best general practitioner I have been to. He is very good at what he does, he found the right medicine for my ADHD, mind you he is a general practitioner who goes way beyond to help people, my mom has been with him for a long time and also has gotten help far beyond any expectations. Thank you Dr. Waddy, you are the best doctor I have ever been to.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
73	1	I am writing these comments on behalf of my husband who has been seeing Dr. Waddy approximately 1 year.  We are so pleased with his professionalism and thoroughness AND he is  nice!  What a refreshing sense of humor.  We always leave his office feeling so good because we know that he respects us and has given us his very best.   He also has a wonderful support staff.   Signed:  Walter & Bertha White 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
73	1	Dr. Waddy is an excellent primary care provider.  What I find refreshing is that if it's something that he isn't familiar with, he'll do a referral and not play around.  He has a great sense of humor and it's a pleasure to visit him.  The only significant problem, and it affects all of North Suffolk Family Medicine, is that they are completely overwhelmed with patients for the space that they have available (the practice is moving into much larger spaces summer 2008).  That lack of space translates into people tripping over one another and longer waits. But Dr. Waddy is always thorough, and if given the choice I'd rather deal with a wait than an overly harried Physician providing rushed service.  There were some problems about 6 months ago with rudeness on the part of some of the office staff.  I've noticed a marked improvement in recent months in that regard and gave a 5 based on my latest experiences.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	Talks to much and keeps people in braces for 4-5 years! 	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	-1	Lack expertise, horrible customer service and Dr Waitkus very unprofessional. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
74	-1	Dr. WAitkus is a CON ARTIST and does not follow through with ANY plan he has ever made. Im tired of his lying, and insulting and the attitude he gives to my brother and I. i do NOT reccomend him to anyone or anything. to me he is a FRAUD.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	I wanted to recommend Dr.  Waitkus, not only for the high degree of professional quality and pride he has always demonstrated in John's course of treatments, but the human side he has displayed over these years in remembering birthdays, ect and the high degree of rapport he demonstrates with the kids? 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
75	0	My sister was a pt. of this doctor and was very fond of him.  However, she was a 50+ year old, heavy, chronic smoker with pain of unknown etiology and bronchitis.  No chest x-ray ordered by Dr. Waldman per Leisa's report.  He sent her to a rheumatologist who dx fibromyalgia.  When that tx didn't work, she asked for an admission to a hospital for pain (again, her report.)  Dr. W. stated we don't usually admit for pain.  At the suggestion of myself and my best friend (both in healthcare and one a physician) Leisa obtained a consult at Georgetown U Medical Center (thank you G'town) and was dx within 90 minutes with metastatic lung cancer.  If you choose to obtain care from Dr. Waldman, please ask him to include chest x-rays in smokers as part of his standard of care.  Perhaps a chest x-ray, combined with what my sister and others believe to be his skill, will save your life.  Leisa died December 31, 2011.  Laurie Conaty 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	I do not wish to leave any comment, and hope this is sixty characters so I can nevertheless register the other survey questions. 	4	3	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	my 2 kids and I have seen dr waldman for many many years and we find him to be engaged, compassionate and knowledgeable. he is more than open and honost in expressing his opinion and why. dr waldman will share the alternative treatments ie as well so you are informed. our family loves him and we freely recommend him.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	Provides loving care for the entire family.  He has been our doctor for the last 12 years.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
75	1	I was very pleased with this doctor while my mother was under his care. He was caring, helpfull, very knowledgeable and very compasionate not only with his patient but also with the family.  My mom was very lucky to have Dr. Waldman on her bedside during her last weeks of live.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
75	1	Dr. Waldman is one of the nicest, caring Dr. I have every encountered.  He calms fears, is empathetic, patient and extremely knowledgeable. I am so thankful he was referred to me.  My entire family is now seeing Dr. Waldman and we all have the same feeling about him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
75	1	Dr. Waldman is a caring, up-to-date and articulate doctor. He has cared for me in his office and seen me int he hospital.  Top notch! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
75	1	Jeffrey is by far the most understanding and knowledgeable doctor. He is very patient while listening to concerns. He offers helpful explanations and suggestions. Doctor Waldman goes above and beyond.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
75	1	Very nice doctor. If he's not on time, it's only because he's so good everyone asks him questions which is completely forgiveable. Very personable and helpful. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	We've been going to Dr. Weinstein for about 6 months for our well checks.  He's very knowledgable and takes an interest in your children and makes you feel like he really cares.  Unfortunately, he's not always on time and I've had to wait in the exam room for more than 15 minutes (which is long when your child is undressed and is under 3 years of age).  He's very good but could be better (e.g., I think they could do a better job with checking into the child's development and asking whether you have any questions).  	3	3	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
77	1	Dr. Leslie Webb is an outstanding Doctor. She really truely cares about her patients health.. She is very nice and understanding. She follows up on test and is really concerned in your health. I highly reccomend her to everyone. She has also called me with test results rather than her staff... Take it from me, I don't like doctor's, but she has really changed my thinking about them. Good doctors are hard to find, but great doctors are rae to find.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	1	Dr. Leslie Webb was very friendly and polite. She seems very knowledgeable and caring. She has a way of making you feel at ease. I would reccomend her to anyone who needs a cardiologist. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Really thorough and thoughtful. Spent a full half hour with me, not distracted by other patients. Focussed on my problem and came up with a diagnosis that two other doctors missed.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	Unbelievable. I have been to 4 doctors who had no idea how to treat my symptoms, including 2 GI specialists. He found my ulcer and after 1 week of treatment I felt better for the first time in over 6 months.  		5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	-1	Is not patient, doesn't listen and quick to diagnose (mis-diagnose). Has no code of ethics, unprofessional, and rude to say the least. Should not be practicing. 		3	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
79	-1	This Doctor is only interested in keeping his license.  He is NOT interested in the patient or the best interest of the patient.  HORRIBLE Doctor and took my condition and made it worse!  I have had many doctors in my life time, and he was one of the worst ever.  Not one time did he ever care what my condition was, only wether or not his license to practice was secure.  	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
79	1	Dr. Weaver called me before I ever went to his office to &quot;get to know me&quot;.First time that has ever happened to me.  Went to his office for subdural injection and it was virtually painless.  Very pleasant demeanor.  Staff was very accomodating. I can't speak to his level of knowledge because I'm not a doctor.  Overall very pleasant experience. 	4	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
79	-1	Dr. Weaver is one of the worst Dr's ever. His knowledge of my health issues were completely wrong even though I brought a copy of my medical records 2 MRI's &amp; a CATscan. He had no information about Gastric Bypass patient's not being able to take Nsaids because they cause bleeding ulcers. He has ZERO bedside manner was actually very rude. Did not bother to read what my other dr's had written about treatments &amp; med's I was taking what worked &amp; what didn't work. After a urine sample he came back in the room &amp; asked me 3 times if I was a drug user &amp; when was the last time I had taken methadone. I told him all 3 times I have only taken what my dr's had prescribed for me &amp; I have never taken methadone. He stated that he was going to send my speciman to a more thorough lab &amp; if it came back showing drugs/methadone he was going to turn me in. I waited for him to call me but after 10 days I called 3 times got hung up on once. He called me &amp; said 3 calls was harassment.  I'm considering a lawsuit 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
79	-1	Dr weaver didn't listen to anything I told him about my current meds or disability.  He didn't look at my body nor do any test.  Prescribed me a med that caused severe side effects and almost killed me.  The office workers are passive aggressive and clueless.   Stay away from this office!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	-1	This doc did not even order a current x-ray or MRI before he scheduled me for a epidural injection. Quick visit and the nurse was the one to tell me. I had told him the shots had not worked in the past. I would have expected him to communicate his treatment plan and goals. Based on article I read about him I had such high hopes but the medical care in this area is lacking and its sad.  	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
79	-1	First off, I am a professional computer engineer. In a past life, I was a public servant and was injured in the line of duty, and that requires that I be on pain meds. I recently moved to the area and had to find a dr. I made the appt a month in advance. Once I got to the office, they had me fill out the paperwork, then took me to the back. The doctor looked at the paperwork, and saw that I had been on pain meds for the last several years. That was the only therapy that works for me, I have been through them all, trust me. He sent word through his nurse that he would not be writing a prscription for me. If I wanted to elave I could, but he would not be writing prescritions for me. He didn't once even look at me, or talk to me, no evaluation of my individual situation or anything. Just sent his nurse in to tell me that. BTW, I also didn't have insurance which I am sure played into his decision heavily. If you want a doctor who treats you like a number, go see this guy! If not STAY AWAY! 	5	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	Excellent doctor. Would highly recommend him to anyone. Injection worked great and barely felt it.  Wonderful!!!! 	 7/28/11	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
80	1	He currently has no staff.  However, I must enter a rating on his staff. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	I was leary about taking my son to Dr. Wallace after reading some reviews.  I am so glad that he was the only doctor I could use with my insurance.  He is GREAT!! He treated my son great and was very pleasant and professional.  My son had 5 wisdom teeth cut out and went to work the very next evening.  He only took one dose of pain meds and then nothing else.  My sons friend had the same procedure but only 4 wisdom teeth by a doctor in Roanoke and was laid up for 3 days on heavy meds.  Yeah he does wear cowboy boots and the place is not brand new but I did not go there to live.  Dr. Wallace is a nice good ol country boy and is one heck of a dentist.  I highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
81	1	Excellent surgeon.  Outspoken and honest, which is to his credit.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
81	-1	This doctor should be put out of business.  I went there for 2 teeth removed.  he immediately began talking about my weight.  So he decided he would pull the teeth even though they needed to be cut.  He never got my mouth numb and tortured me in the dentist chair.  It is so painful I cannot even open my mouth.  I do believe he has left part of the tooth in there.  I tried to go back and let him check it he was RUDE.  His office staff slammed down a syringe and told me to get clove oil.  Did not tell me that clove oil would burn your mouth.  Aetna insurance needs to take a look at this man and boot him off the plan.  I would not even take a DOG to him.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
81	-1	The surgery went fantastic which is the one good thing i have to say about Dr wallace and his staff. They were extremely unhelpful up til the point of the actual surgery. They rescheduled on me once at 5 pm in the afternoon when my appt was at 10 am the next day. Then there was a test that needed to be done before i could get the surgery done. Not a big deal. However they had 3 months of dealing with me (consultation and rescheduling due to them) and never mentioned this test. I have an appt on that friday, i get a call mon afternoon to tell me about this test needing to be done. Well unfortunately for me the test takes 3-7 days to come back. This is an unnessasary test per my primary dr. And i had to reschedule again due to the lack of customer service from the staff. Will not recommend him to anyone. Unfortunately insurance wise i did not have any other choice or i would not have set foot in that building.  	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
81	1	Due to some of the rebiews, I was a bit skeptical of going to Dr. Wallace to have a tooth pulled.  I am glad to say I was wrong.  Dr. Wallace was GREAT.  Very nice no pain.  Great guy  Thank you Dr. Wallace.  	4	3	4	5 	Insurance:Assurant
81	1	Dr. Wallace was amazing with our son.  He was very professional, experienced, and really compassionate.  The staff was friendly and the office was clean and organized.  The experience we had was great and I would highly recommend Dr. Wallace. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	Based on other reviews I really didn't want to send my daughter here for her wisdom teeth removal.  However, because of insurance, we were very limited in our choices.  It was actually a very pleasant experience.  Dr. Wallace was polite and informative.  She had very little pain and recovered very quickly.  The office wasn't the newest and they were late taking her back.  But they let me know several times how she was doing and were very kind to her.  All together it was a positive experience for her.  	4	2	4	4 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
81	-1	Dr Wallace (I am rating the oral surgeon; please forgive if there is another dentist in Blacksburg with the misfortune to have the same name) was extremely rude and unprofessional to me. I would NEVER recommend him to anyone. Customer reviews reveal a lot; if you decide to go to him, enter at your own risk.  You may be surprised; for the good or not so good. Toss a coin and hope. 	4	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	Dr. Wallace was very professional and competent. I had four molar extractions and no pain or complications. Prior reviews seemed to indicate an IQ deficiency of the patient. I recommend Dr.  Wallace 	4	3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	-1	I have been reading the reviews and I saw the A$$ 2 days ago and he is still a jerk. I would never refer him to anyone I know.He is the most hateful,hurtful man. I to was asked if I was on drugs when I said NO hes just looked over his glasses at me and wrote something on the cart. He asked me if I worked and I said no he ask why I said I dont have a babysitter he wanted to know the ages of my kids i reply...9 and 12 jerk said well i know lots of people who have kids and work and urs are old enough to take care of themselfs can u belive that....leave my kids home alone at that young age.At this point I had,had enough and just got up and walked out,by the looks i got from him and his staff they were used to people just walking out. What dose that tell u. If anybody is thinking of going to the A$$ please save urself the trouble dont go u will be very disapponited. He is just what all the reviews on here say he is and more. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
81	-1	wife went to get tooth pulled dentist was so aarogant,and dispicable it was unbeleiveable.he kept asking her if she did drugs . (she is a good christian woman) then he told her she needed to get her wisdom teeth pulled and ask why she still had her tonsils&#63;&#63; he wore old cowboy boots office equipment looked wore out and office smelled. needless to say we left and didnt go back i dont know how this guys still in business he needs to be shut down! 	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Aetna
81	-1	I took my daughter to this dr bc she had 4 impacted wisdom teeth. Office smelled like an old old mobile home!  There were flies in the light fixture in the bathroom. Lots and lots of them!! Dr NEVER used gloves when checking my daughter even though they were on a shelf although they had been removed from their sanitary carton and placed in a plastic thing.  Office workers looked to still be in high school except for two nurses.  Dr seemed to be &quot;hitting&quot; on my daughter when I returned to the room from the restroom as he was talking about wishing she could work there!! CREEPY to say the least!! Needless to say we left there and NEVER looked back!  I would never ever even let this doctor work on my pet pig!!!  I will look for another oral surgeon even if I have to go out of network and pay more.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
81	-1	AWFUL EXPERIENCE!went to have 2 teeth removed,was very rude,numbed both sides of my mouth (didnt think they were supposed to do that)and also did not wait until i was completely numbed, felt everything. and he broke both my teeth, said it would cost me more if a teeth breaks. my knowledge is that a tooth will not break unless its a bad tooth, or its an accident. stitches are all over the place and very painful. it has been a week and a day and i am still sore. not to mention my appt was at 2:45, wasnt seen til 4. he yelled at me cuz i was crying. well no**** i was crying! i was feeling everything he was doing!!! arent they supposed to ask if you can feel anything FIRST!&#63;!&#63;! he shot me like 10 times with the shot and started pullin n tugging. i wasnt completely numb til i left the dark gloomy creepy office. my insurance only pays for him.  im going to demand i be able to see someone else!!!!!!! DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS DR!! i cant believe hes still in practice!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
81	-1	I had to go to this surgeon b/c my health insurance wasn't accepted anywhere else in town. He was rude and obnoxious and so was his staff. He didn't introduce himself and he wore cowboy books with his scrubs. He hounded me about as to why I still had my wisdome teeth and tonsils. He gave me a hard time about my weight and asked me personal questions that were in no relation to my surgery. He also said that b/c of my weight he couldn't put me under b/c he didn't know if he could resuscitate me. What a way to make me feel comfortable! On the day of my surgery I was upset b/c I had never had any type of surgery before and quite frankly, he scared me! The nurses weren't friendly and barely said a word to me while they were hooking me up to the montitoring equipment. Dr Wallace came in and said that he wouldn't start until I &quot;grew up, stopped acting like a baby and calmed myself down.&quot; I was so thankful when the surgery was over and I was still alive! I DO NOT suggest anyone go to this man! 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
81	-1	What an awful experience! No one sells hello, and the doc did not even introduce himself. He did not know what tooth #17 was, nor even what my common heart med was. Tried to talk me into having all my wisdom teeth done, at age 47, regardless of complications, even though I only needed one out.  The place is gloomy and dirty. I think the carpet there is original in this old building.  The staff got all my insurance info wrong, and tried to charge me $75, when I had a $50 deductible. As I checked out, there was a pathology report facing me, right in front of me, of some man who had a diagnosis of squamous dysplasia of his tongue.  Talk about HIPPA privacy violations!!!!!!I suspect these people there are all unhappy and underpaid. I did not schedule my surgery and paid again to go elsewhere. Please, go somewhere else if you can! 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
81	-1	This was the most arrogant and hateful man and STAFF that I have ever come across. I came in for a consult for a tooth extraction due to fracture. I was right on time at 2 pm. Another guy came in 15 minutes after I did and was taken back. I asked the staff at 3 how long it was going to take. With no apology and with disgust she said he's in surgery. So around 3:30- my appt was at 2- I was taken back. He looked at the xrays from my dentist-who is nice- and said well it's a fracture and needs to come out and asked why was I there. I told him because novocaine didn't work and my dentist said to have me put under.I was told to do something about my weight and he wouldn't do it.At this time I'm upset and he walked out and said to make an appt.(NOT)So I went with the &quot;lady&quot; to make an appt and she asked if I was ok and I said no.She then walked out.She came back and said I have to pay for this.This place had water spots on the ceiling too. There's not enough room to describe all of this.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	-1	I had to see this doctor for a few tooth extractions. I am only in my late twenties but my teeth, due to a documented family history, are awful. I am also overweight. When I went in to see the doctor, he first told me I was lying about how much I weighed and asked me &quot;if I was sure&quot; I put the right weight on the form. Then he said he can do the work, which was extensive, but I cannot be put to sleep because he &quot;doesn't know if he could save someone as large as I was&quot; even though a man twice the size of me walked out of the office right before me and thanled him so much for letting him be put under because &quot;he gets nervous at the dentist's office.&quot; I am assuming this dentist/oral surgeoun only likes to do work on thin, model-beautiful female patients, but with men, anything will fly. The office also kept asking if I had enough to pay even though I had already assured them I had MORE than enough. Jerks.... you can't be fat or poor of you see this doctor! 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
81	-1	Hiddeous, hateful, arrogant @$$. I actually went to him for wisdom tooth extraction over 20 years ago and got up and left. Took my son 5 years ago, same experience. They hound u for $ the entire time you are there, even if paperwork is done. He is a nasty, nasty hateful man. Do NOT go there.  		3	1	3 	Insurance:Delta Dental
82	-1	Pure sales, bait and switch:  Initial visit is promising but on subsequent visits was assigned to less helpful chiro on staff.  Physical therapist was inexperienced and unhelpful.  clinic uses the same stim electrodes on every patient which is disgusting.  They rush patients through in large numbers rather than provide individualized care.  Very crowded. 	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
82	-1	. offers an inflexible one-size-fits-all plan for rehab; does not follow proper diagnostic procedures; lacks empathy; offers no privacy for patients doing physical rehab 	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:Anthem
83	1	My husband and I have been patients of Dr. Ward for over a year.  We find him knowledgeable and friendly.  When he thinks we need a specialist, he provides information on contacting one, and provides medical information to the specialist when requested.  He's cooperative when we need to see him on short notice.  He's always helpful in whatever way possible.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	Appears very knowledgeable.  Acts promptly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	Dr. Weaver is friendly, knowledgeable and has a great bedside mannor. I had lost touch with her after she changed practices, but I found her again. I was happy to hear that she also will see children, so my entire family goes to her. We need more doctors like her and her assistant, Carl. Keep us the great work, you're appreciated! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	Dr. Weaver is an excellent physcian with a compassion for her patients.  She's an excellent diagnostian. She takes time with her patients to ensure that she has a full understanding of the reason you are in visiting as well as a long term approach to your health care issues.   Highly recommend her if she is accepting new patients.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
84	1	. She treats the entire patient combining all aspect of health together 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
84	1	. Dr Weaver is a great doctor that I would recommend to anyone 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
84	1	Dr. Weaver is an excellent physician.  She has been excellent at coordinating my care with other specialists I see.  I feel very comfortable discussing my health issues.  I strongly recommend her for a general practice physician.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
84	1	Dr Weaver always takes the time to listen to your problem and come up with a plan of action that is well explained and makes sense.  My whole family goes to dr. Weaver because of her knowledge and expert advice. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	With many years of practice, he knows exactly what he is doing, what test to run and can usually pin point the problem. He definitely cares about his patients, he will sit down and discuss with you your concerns and your condition.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
86	1	AMAZING!!!!! Very helpful and provided strategies to use at home. Made my daughter very comfortable and at ease.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
86	1	Dr. Nadia is wonderful. It took three months before we could get in to see her, but I can honestly say I'm glad we waited. She is direct and to the point, and as long as you follow the suggestions she gives, you will see a change. We noticed changes (for the better) in our 6 year old within 1 1/2 - 2 weeks. All because we listened and done the things she suggested. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	Dr Nadia is awesome.  Our son would not be where he is right now without her.  She gives us the knowledge and tools to help our son grow up to be the best he can be.  We wouldn't know what to do without Dr Nadia! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	Dr. Nadia is the best!  She offers much support via phone to parents for any continued questions after meeting w/her little patients.  My daughter is extremely shy &amp; scared of going to the Dr. but she always asks to go back to Dr. Nadia even though we're done w/treatment.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
86	1	My son absolutely loved her and the sessions with her. She is wonderful to work with. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	Dr. Nadia is very approachable.  She relates well to the children in her care.  She has given us effective tools to manage my child's situation.  She will also talk to the parents about their concersn on the phone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
87	1	I was misdiagnosed by another infectious disease doctor and was miserable untill my pcp told me about Dr Weinroth. He took me seriously and was concerned for me. After a 10 day treatment with Iv antibiotics I was back to normal. His nurse summer is the best. Always asking me questions every step of the way.  He will be my doctor for life! Highly recommend Dr Weinroth!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	Wonderful listener and helpful during our family sessions. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	Dr. Weber has been our primary ped for 5.5 years now and he's excellent. We've run into him in public and he's approached us to say hi, remembering the kids by name, which is impressive for a practice the size of the one to which he belongs. He caught our son's heart defect at an early age when no other pediatrician had, and referred us to an excellent pediatric cardiologist. During that time he called us often to be sure we were okay, if we had any questions or needed help from him. He's got young kids of his own, so he practices what he preaches. We can't say enough good things about Dr. Weber, and our boys love him and trust him.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
90	-1	The staff is the rudest staff I have ever encountered.Dr Wallingford was not a great help to me.He did do a lot of tests but didnt explain to me any of the results.He gave me a diet,told me to lose weight and gave me vicodin for pain.WHich didnt help as much as I would have thought. Every time I went in there he didnt seem to remember who I was.The last time I went his staff was so rude I decided I didnt have to take such treatment and never went back.Also ALWAYS get a receipt for payment because even tho yu cant go in to see him until they get your money 98% of the time they tell you that you owe them money for earlier visit.ANNOYING. Also,I got my records from them and the last page of them was someone elses records! 	 12/1/11	1	4	2	Insurance:Aetna
90	1	I agree Dr. Wallingford is very knowledgeable and helpful but his staff leaves a lot to be desired. The other person that talked about phone equiette was correct. I was standing there to check out and they were carrying on a personal conversation for about 3-5 mins. as I stood there to pay out. They also don't keep up with the payments records very well. 	1	1	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	Dr. Wallingford is extremely thorough and one of the most knowledgeable doctors I have met. He goes out of his way to try and figure out what is going on with your body. He spent several hours with me going over blood and lab tests and trying to make some sense of what other doctors cant figure out. He is one of a kind or maybe he is from a time when doctors acted differently. Either way - heis extremely kind and caring.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
90	-1	I tried to make an appointment and the staff on the phone was very rude and unprofessional. example: having another conversation with people in the office while on the phone w/ me, putting the phone down not on hold while staff went to get my referral all the while discussing w/ a patient in the office about their visit so that I could hear, getting back on the phone with me while continuing her conversation with others and laughing for at least a minute,when I asked the lady on the phone if she was laughing at me she got very rude and said &quot;I'm talking to somebody else&quot;, and refusing to tell me when an appointment was available for me until I gave her a list of personal information.  The Dr may be competent but his staff did not present in any professional manner at all which makes me question how I will be treated in the office. As a medical professional I find the way I was treated disturbing. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	Dr. Wallingford is one of the most knowledgeable and thorough doctors I've ever been to. He may be a &quot;senior citizen,&quot; but he's sharp as a tack. If you ask him a question about anything medical, he knows the answer and will explain it to you completely. Now, he is business-like, and some people think he's a little gruff, but he's really not.  He's a true gentleman and there aren't many like him.  	 3/20/08	3	4	5	Insurance:Tricare
91	1	My son was one of Dr. Ronda's first patients when she came to our area.   I have always received the highest quality care and continue to recommend her to anyone looking for a great pediatrician! 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
92	1	Im 18 weeks pregnant and have seen dr wasserman and his nurse wilma plenty of times and they are both very pleasant and have.passion for what they do! Dr wasserman kinda gives you that dad feeling like hes watching over you and going to keep you safe..wilma is awesome too!! I was worried about drs being judgemental and not acceptong me with out insurance but otmc has been great for me! Im very thankfull to have such support and receive amazing &quot;bed side manor&quot; 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	I cannot assess this OBGYN. When I called his Williamsburg office to make an appointment, the receptionist asked me if I were pregnant. Then she put me on hold for about five minutes, returned to the line and again asked if I were pregnant. The she asked what type of insurance I had, and before I could answer, she asked &quot;is it thru ya work&#63; we don take that insurance. &quot; 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
93	-1	You are never able to speak with a doctor when you have questions and the nurses will only tell you to go to Labor and Delivery, where you will sent home because you didn't need to be there.  The blood pressure cuffs are all suited to &quot;large adult&quot; so the readings are inaccurate if you're smaller and consequently my dangerously high blood pressure was missed (170/110).  I went into the office with contractions at 24 weeks and was sent home and told nobody could see me.  This is a dangerously incompetant office. 	1	4	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	I just LOVE Dr. Walker &amp; Julie Weathers!! They are an awesome team. They took such good care of me during all 3 of my pregnancies. Dr. Walker takes the time to answer questions and make sure you're comfortable, he doesn't rush through anything and he is always pleasant. Julie is the same way, she's so down to earth and I feel at ease whenever I see her. This is a very professional duo and I will forever be a patient. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	I just had my 2nd baby delivered with Dr. Walker and Julie. I won't go into details, but they were amazing, as always. They 'really' care. Their staff is a reflection on the doctors and nurses and how they see their patients. Just schedule a single appointment with him and you'll see why he's rated so positively. And Julie is amazing as well. It's great he has her on-staff! And the reason they aren't always punctual 100% is because people like me go into labor unexpectedly during the day and they show up immediately to ensure they deliver the baby, just as you would expect them to do for you.  We &lt;3 them! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
93	1	My daughter just had her first baby. During the last month of her pregnancy she experienced some complications and Dr. Walker and Julie were remarkable. I could not have asked for better care for my daughter and grandson. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	I have been seeing Dr. Walker for a few years.  He has delivered my children and he is a great doctor.  He listens and answers your questions.  The staff has always been very nice too.  Highly recommend!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	I am currently pregnant with my first child and a patient of Dr. Walker's.  I chose to see Dr. Walker after a terrible experience at my first pre-natal appt. with a large OB/GYN group in Fredericksburg.  Although the former was a &quot;group&quot; and I could have picked a different Dr. to continue my care with, my husband and I were so disgusted with the treatment I received by the physician that I saw I wanted nothing more to do with the group itself.  Another Dr. of mine referred me to Dr. Walker after learning of my previous experience and I have received nothing but the BEST of care from him, my nurse and the mid-wife Julie.  The office is warm and inviting.  Dr. Walker always takes the time to answer any and all questions that I have.  I never feel rushed or unimportant.  I believe he genuinely cares about my total care and my family's well being.  I am so glad that I switched to him. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	-1	Only cares about himself and not people who are sick. NEVER should have gotten his medical license back.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	As long-time patients of Dr. Ward, when he announced he was giving up his private practice to practice in several local nursing homes, I and my family were distressed!  To us, he had always been the knowledgeable and respected family physician that we had been seeing for at least twenty years.   To hear his integrity questioned on a local newscast last night (10/09/09) was  unconscionable.  It was as though Roanoke Channel 7 news could not find information on the criminal involved in their story so they communicated personal information on Dr. Ward who was the victim in this story.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
94	1	To bad there aren't more Dr.'s like Dr. Ward...He is a very caring, knowledgeable Dr.  If he doesn't think he knows the answer, he will refer you to someone else for 2nd opinion.  He spends time with you and always listens......very kind........  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
94	1	 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	Very good doctor.  My wife refusues to see anyone else.  There was a small medical billing hiccup once, but that seems to have been resolved afetr I wrote the good doctor a personal letter.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
95	1	He is a very caring Doctor who takes his time with his patients and listens to their concerns. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	He is the best doctor I have ever seen. He is exremely caring. I trust him with all my healthcare needs.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
95	1	DR WEAVER IS THE KINDEST GENTLEMAN I HAVE EVER BEEN TOO. HE HAS A GENUINE CONCERN FOR HIS PATIENTS.  HE IS ON THE TARGET WITH MY MEDICINE AND DIAGNOSIS, SO WELL, I WOULD HAVE A HARD TIME GOING TO ANOTHER DR AND TRUSTING THEM 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	0	They will not fax a mail prescription order for you. Was told &quot;Too busy&quot; to do that for their patients. a good home town feel, As with most dr.offices you might sit in room a while for a doctor to finally come in. Other wise not a bad place to go.  		3	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	0	http://www.thesmokinggun.com/documents/maryland-doct... 				 	Insurance:Unknown
96	-1	Read more about this Dr who assaulted a post man.http://www.thesmokinggun.com/documents/maryland-doct... 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	Unlike all the other reviewers I found Dr Walford the single best doctor my family had ever seen. She went over and above for us. I was having a pre-op assessment and she recognised that my husband had serious health issues. She invested a lot of time working with him and this has changed our lives so much for the better. Additionally, when in recovery after surgery she was kind enough to care for our toddler so my husband could visit me and then when checking herself did a thorough run through of all the medication and care that I was being given at Cedars Sinai (LA) as I had been in recovery for 7 hours. When it was time for us to leave LA our single biggest regret was leaving Dr Walford. Our experience was only of her as a consummate professional with a thoroughly caring approach toward out care.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	-1	I saw Dr. Walford at Alexandria Primary Care Associates.  She was dismissive, rude, and showed little patience for the two questions I asked her.  I have always had a good experience with this practice, and was very taken aback by how she treated me.  If you go to this practice, AVOID seeing her.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	-1	Dr. Walford was angry, hostile, and judgmental. She humiliated, insulted, and chastised me. I went to Alexandria Primary Care Associates to establish myself as a new patient and to discuss concerns about my thyroid and possible diabetes. Apparently, Dr. Walford did not agree with the medication that my previous provider had prescribed and she proceeded to her irrational anger out on ME. I have NEVER seen a health care provider behave so unprofessionally. I can't believe she is in practice. She made sure to let me know that I wasted her time.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
96	-1	Tanyech Walford does NOT deserve the M.D. after her name, which she believes stands for G.O.D. She is never on time, she has poor patient care and she feels she is above everyone she comes into contact with (doctors, patients, public). If you want a &quot;doctor&quot; to put a band-aid on your illness and call it a day, she's your gal. If you want a &quot;doctor&quot; that makes you wait 2 hours and somehow directs the hostility towards YOU, she's your gal. If you want a &quot;doctor&quot; to not give a damn about your well-being, she is DEFINITELY your gal. This doctor does NOT deserve to be in practice. Her patients are better off in the gutter than under her care. Good riddens. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
96	-1	My long-time GP stopped taking my insurance & I was referred (by a friend of a friend) to Dr. Walford.  I agree with everything the other person said about her.  She seems indifferent, has NO bedside manner & seems to think within the box.  You simply don't get the feeling that she's all that concerned about you!  Awful.  And, it seems like she pays her front office staff minumum wage.  They are extremely unhelpful & not very intelligent.  I won't go back.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	-1	This doctor seemed impatient in dealing with me. I have never felt as though I am well or even normal. It is very difficult to get in touch with her or for her to return calls. 		1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
97	-1	Does not return his patient's calls. Nurse advised he does not have time to talk to patients over the phone. Nurse also advised (per the doctor), if I have a concern or question - write a letter. Once he receives it, he will then call back.  How professional is that&#63; 		1	1	3 	Insurance:Anthem
98	1	Dr Walia and her assistant, Taylor, are both absolutely wonderful.  I love going there and getting great advice and outstanding service.  I have utilized their services for cosmetic, as well as strictly medical concerns.  They really are the &quot;best&quot; in the the business, because they are skilled a the latest treatments, techniques, and medications. I rated them as a &quot;5&quot; on this website, but they really deserve a rating of 1000+, and I am a tough judge.  Please know you are in very good hands when treated by Dr Walia. 	 10/7/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	Dr. Walia recently joined Dermatology Assoc of McLean, she is such a great addition. She has done a few laser treatments on me. My skin has never looked better. She and her assistant Taylor are such a great team together. I have even recommended my mother to see her. I look forward to her services for years to come. 	 7/26/11	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	Dr. Walia is a great addition to the Mclean practice I have been using for years. Her expertise with laser procedures has really helped with treating a number of my ongoing skin issues. Highly reccomend, my skin has never looked better. :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	I have been going to Dr. Walia for some time.  I have always had impeccable service.  She always takes the time to answer questions and concerns.  I highly recommend her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	-1	I get there early and when I go in she makes me wait an extra 20 minutes in her office for her. Finally, her assistant comes in and wipes my cheeks with one swipe using a wet tissue! Then when Walia finally comes in she tells me my treatment is different then what I expected. I told her I wanted my whole face lasered in the initial appointment. I go in and now she says she will only laser my cheeks and increases the pay from $350 to $600! On top of that she literally stayed in the office for 5 minutes before storming out saying talking about how finances made her uncomfortable! WHAT THE F!!! I just want to know my options. If anything I was the one uncomfortable. The laser machine was dusty with used napkins and open lotions bottles on it. The doctor herself was wearing a black mini skirt with fishnet leggings UNPROFESSIONAL! and her attitude and tone was anything but helpful.  I HATE HER! She's disgusting and a poor excuse for a doctor Impatient, unhelpful, and inconsiderate! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
98	1	She is a kind and caring professional who took the time to answer all of my questions. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	-1	she rushed me out of the room - maybe if I had asked more questions about cosmetic moneymaking things, she would have been nicer and spent time with me.  I don't have the kind of money that makes this doctor care 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Walia for a number of years.  Dr. Walia is certainly an expert in her field.  She listens to what my desired results/expectations are and gives good medical advice on treatment.  In addition to being highly professional, Dr. Walia is thoughtful and considerate.  I have always been delighted with the outcome.  High praises! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	-1	Refused to see me in follow-up to initial appt.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:MAMSI
98	-1	Unknowledgeable as she asked another doctor for symptoms. As a specialist, she should be knowledgeable.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	1	Very knowledgeable, confident, approachable, youthful and attractive. Sweet personality, excellent attitude, great sense of humor. Gentle and professional.  What else can one expect from a doctor&#63; 		5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
98	1	Experienced, professional, warm personality. A great doctor.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
98	1	Dr Walia is so incredibly sweet, understanding, informative, and helpful. I highly recommend her! I feel like she really cares - and she's VERY easy to talk to! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	0	Front desk is staffed by generally unhelpful people, nurse seems to be bored to see you, and doctor seems to not tell you everything you want to know. Oh, and if your blood test results come in, expect a phone call from the nurse asking for the phone number of your pharmacy so they can prescribe you something instead of coming in and discussing your options with the doctor. Horrible, I'm done with them.  	2	2	2	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
