dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Well the people that he has know the longest are usually the ones he really sticks it to and unfortunatley they have no idea,its very sad.I know this too be very true because i worked for him,he treats his staff very poorly,they work often with no lunch breaks and he expects them to stay sometimes 14 to 16 hours without any lunch. He has fabulous hygenists,but last year he went through 40 employees in that small office that should say something about his business and his ethics,its realy ashame.His ethics are very poor, unfortunatley like many things in the world Greed and money are the root of all evil and he is both !!!! beware if you dare to go their 	5	1	2	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	I would like to inform anyone who reads this rating about the quality of Dr. Saunders.  I work for almost 40 dentists across the country and I have direct knowledge of their skill level.  Dr. Saunders is one of the top doctors on this list.  Your appointment time may take you a little longer at his office, but the procedure will be done to the best of his ability.  I know from experience that he will not accept something that is not perfect.  Can this result in a longer wait or an additional appointment&#63;  It may, but I know that his work will be done right.  I would absolutley trust the care of my family with Dr. Saunders. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	I was shocked at the negative comments on here. I've been going to Dr. Saunders for over 20 years and would not think of going elsewhere!!!  Dr. Saunders and his staff have ALWAYS, ALWAYS been courteous, knowledgeable and helpful.  You will be hard pressed to find a better dentist and staff in Lynchburg.                                                                                      I travel frequently and there's been numerous times that I've called needing his services when I did not have an appointment - 90% of the time they took me in on the same day I called, the other 10% they got me in the next day..      In short Dr. Saunders and his staff are a top notch organization.                                                                                                                      Regards,                                                                                           Dave R.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
1	1	I have known Dr. Saunders for about 30 years and I have never known him to be pompous.  My family and I have been going to Dr. Saunders for over 20 years.  He is a very genuine person and dentist.  Dr. Saunders is a perfectionist and usually takes longer than normal with his patients.  I would strongly recommend him to anyone and have recommended him in the past to numerous people.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
1	1	I accidentally stumbled upon this site while looking up Dr. Saunder's phone number and was shocked by some of the comments.  Dr. Saunders has been our family dentist for over 12 years and we wouldn't use anyone else!  He has always been extremely friendly, kind and knowledgeable.  In addition, whenever one of the five of us has had an emergency, his staff has worked us into their schedule the same day.  My only complaint is that sometimes his staff will cancel a longstanding appointment or call and see if an appointment can be bumped up or down a half hour, an hour, etc., which can be inconvenient because most people work their appointments into their schedules.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
1	1	I would bet that all negative comments here are from patients who owe money. I worked with Dr. Saunders and he is the most competant and skilled dentist that has ever employed me.  He is so very nice to his patients, gregarious, and amiable unless you are just downright mean and rude to him and usually the people on this blog who are disgruntled are people who want free dentistry and are mad when they have to pay for it. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Dr. Saunders is a skilled and gentle dentist.  I was very surprised to see someone describe him as &quot;pompous,&quot; as I have never found him to be anything but kind, caring, and even humble.  	 1/10/11	5	4	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
1	1	Dr. Saunders, thank you so much for the relief, I was finally able to get some rest. I also referred a new patient to you. Thank you so much again, I feel much better, just sore but thats to be expected, good job Dr. Saunders, I dont trust anyone else but you. Have a wonderful day and I will be seeing you soon for a cleaning. Thank you again, the best Dentist in Lynchburg!!!  Thanks, Chris Lavender 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	-1	Very very poor customer service. I had a root canal done there at his office. Which I had go to his office three times to attempt to complete the procedure. Now I have a chip on the tooth they work on and  now because of their mistake they have to re-prep the tooth for the crown. I still do not have the crown on the tooth and they billing me for a crown that not even in my mouth.   He refuse to compromise  with me. I will never go back.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
1	0	His is very pompous. He doesn't act very kind or nice, like most dentists try to do. I don't like him as a person, but he seems to do decent work. I've only been to 3-4 dentists and he has to be the worst with customer courtesy. 	2	1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
1	-1	Dr. Lee Saunders is a pompous dentist who does procedures he has no knowledge of doing. He has left me with a crown that partially fell out in less than 8 months,infected and decayed bone and now I am looking at a new bill, with a orthopedic surgeon and a specialized dentist of about another $9,000. He REFUSES to do anything to make good on his mistakes and is very pompous and unhelpful when we ask him to please make good on his terrible mistake. I feel like a very ugly woman without a front tooth. He should have recommended me to an oral surgeon in the first place, but he insisted that he could do the procedure. I would never recommnend him. He refuses to even give me a partial refund. You can expect to wait, at the very least,for 45 minutes beyond your scheduled appt. time to even be brought to a room. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Dr. Sanz was a second opinion after I had been told rather bluntly from another doctor, I would need a hysterectomy.  I did a lot of research before going to him and decided if he said I needed it, he would be the one to perform it.  He had the best credentials of anyone I researched. He offered me different options.  Choosing him was not based on his bed-side manner (which is somewhat lacking) but based on his years of experience and abilities.  As it turned out I'm extremely glad I choose him as most doctors would have cut muscle and he did not (just spread the muscles) which aided in a much speedier recovery and takes a conciderable more amount of skill. He also did not remove anything that was not absolutly nessisary.  Kept the female parts in place.  As with any surgery, please do your research and keep on top of the doctor you choose, but I will tell you, if you have any female issues which require surgery, this is the doctor to choose.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Spent very reasonable amount of time with each patient BUT very long wait.  Appointment time means absolutely nothing.  Lasts visit I spent 2 hours just waiting to be seen.  Staff not very friendly.  	2	1	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	his staff is not friendly or supportive, however, he seems knowledgable and informed. 	1	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Excellent! Very knowledgeable, and took time to explain everything. I don't impress easily, but I was impressed.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
6	0	I wish she was nicer and more understanding. She kept on insisting I needed to learn how to swim, and need to get the HPV shot even though my mom declined. After one visit with her I switched to another doctor.  	5	5	2	4 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
7	1	Dr. Sampson is kind and compassionate.Very thorough, but in this,you will find exTremely long wait times.Average at Least an hour behind.At least.But I still find her worth it.She will sit &amp; listen,and make sure you understand everything she says.I've seen lots of doctors,and by far, she is the best.She was recommended to me, and I highly recommend her to everyone I know.Very knowledgeable. 	3	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	This is a rating from a 'former' patient.   Dr. Sampson AND staff are beyond exceptional.  I was sooo sorry that when I moved away from the area that I'd have to leave Dr. Sampson and staff.  She cared for my entire family &lt;my kids from the time they were pre-teen to adults&gt; and even as my sons grew to adulthood they still felt comfortable with seeing a 'female' doctor.  I attribute this to her professionalism and kindess. I also was witness to the caring of her staff's well being.  On several occasions as one staff person then another fell ill and/or retired, Dr. Sampson was quite compassionate, juggling the needs of both parties (patients and staff).  Other than the long waiting time (which I attribute to her taking the proper time for each patient and her likability) this one rates an A+.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
7	1	Dr Sampson is the greatest.  She takes time to talk with you.   I have never had her jump to assumptions and I feel she is looking out for me! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	-1	I respect Dr. Sampson and her recommendations however the RN's are extremely rude, unhelpful and judgmental.  	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
7	1	Being a patient of Dr. Sampson for 14+ yrs I could never seeing myself going elsewhere. She exceeds Professional and Compassinonate.   I am lost of words, there's no other way to put it, she is just simply awsome! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	This is an old school doctor. She takes all the time in the world to explain, examine and talk to you. She is thorough and most of all kind.  She has helped our entire family, including teenage boys in just about every area you can imagine.  If you are looking for a doctor that truly cares, she is the one! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
7	1	I was very impressed with Dr Sampson.  Not only was she very professional, but she was compassionate, Very caring, She dug deep making sure that I recieved the utmost care, I would and have referred her to my friends, 	3	3	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	-1	Completely ignores patient concerns, jumps to conclusions based on assumptions, orders test after test without clear idea of what she is looking for, patronizes patients and ignores confidentiality, disreguards the diagnosis from speacialists in an effort to continue her own fishing expidition, incredibly opinionated despite offense that she may cause the patient.... The shortest wait to see the dr. was four 2 1/2 hours (and I am always on time for the appointment).... Her behavior is unprofesional, if you are in need of a doctor that you can count on to listen to your concerns and give helpful feedback you would receive better medicle advice from a potted plant.  	 6/22/07		1	1	Insurance:Anthem
8	1	The office staff was very unproffesional and rude. While I was waiting they were talking badly about a patient when she left, saying quote &quot;I hate her&quot;. I would never go back here again.  	1	3	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
8	1	Great Dr. He diagnosed an issue that eluded two other doctors. I now have my whole family going to him. Very very smart and willing to listen/not dismiss your thoughts.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	VERY caring and attentive doctor.  He listens to you and treats each patient as if they were his most important patient.  He is continually studying and improving himself and his knowledge.  He quickly diagnosed an issue I had been seeing Kaiser MDs for 6 years for with no success.  He saved my life.  The office is small, but the service and care is huge.  This is a great doctor.  A down-home doctor with big-city expertise.  I can't say enough good about Dr. Sargent and his staff.  Highly recommended.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
9	1	I scheduled a physical without knowing anything about Dr Saksena at Heritage Family Practice in Fairfax.  I was pleasantly surprised by her.  She took her time, listened, and answered my questions.  I was worried that there would be a language problem, but she doesn't have an Indian accent (sorry if not PC, but it is important to be able to understand what my doctor is saying).  She will become my new primary physician.  Her nurse, Jeanine, was excellent too. 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	After going through a few doctors, I found Dr. Salib. He's knowledgable and a good communicator. I don't wait for hours when I have an appointment. Refills are done quickly. When I first started going to him (8 years ago), I lived close to the office. I've since moved to a place where it's an inconvenience to get there, but I feel the quality of service he provides is worth it. When I hear people complain about their PCP, I recommend him.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
10	-1	he pretty much prescribes whatever you want....doesnt really check up on his patients...the office as a whole is horrible, they never respond to patient questions or to pharmacy refills...  	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
10	1	I can't imagine a better family Dr.. I am 67 and have had a few, he's the best. I just hope he sticks around as long as me.  CR Mathis 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
10	1	Dr. Salib is an professional and truly cares about his patiets. He remembers your name and takes his time and listens to what you say and really takes it to heart, by far the best I have ever had.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
11	1	This is an awesome doctor. He has removed my bunions as well as my mothers. Yes he is straight forward, but if you have bad feet...you have bad feet.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
11	-1	.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	-1	He was rude, belittling and told me I had a bunion, when I found out later it was only arthritis.  Won't go back.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
11	-1	This is the worst doctor I have seen in my 60+ years. Extremely pompous, arrogant, and rude. I truly regret trusting my foot in his hands. He launched into an outrageous, screaming fit when my daughter asked me if I was in pain during the follow-up appt after she saw me grimacing in pain. He said he despises when family members accompany patients and treated us so nastily. Also recommended unnecessary procedures for conditions I do not have. He removed an ingrown toenail which should be a simple procedure, but now my toe is infected and I need to find a new doctor because I refuse to be seen again by him. A greedy, nasty, and unethical doctor who is just out for your money.  Patients beware!!! 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
12	1	Dr Saffron was very thorough, patient, laid out future plans A &amp; B.  Great doc.   Thomas P Oak Hill 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Dr. Saffran was very sympathetic and caring doctor.  He was always very gentle when examining me.  He gave clear and concise information while diagnosing.  My daughter accompanied me and he was also very nice to her.  	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	I have been very happy with Dr. Saffron to date.   He has been on target with the treatment my foot needed to relieve the pain but that has been a temporary fix and now that I need surgery wondered what his surgical success rate was&#63; 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
12	1	. He was great!  And I feel soo much better now that my neuroma is GONE! 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	-1	I concur with the first patient and thank her for referring me to Dr. Smith. I have severe Hallux Rigidus in my great toe. Dr. Saffran did not offer me any solution except discussing surgery which he thought wouldn't work or fusing the two bones.  Did want me to come and see him once a month for a problem I've been living with for over ten years and upon noting that I had bunions but &quot;let's save that for your next visit&quot;.  When I asked for copies of my x-rays was told they needed three days and HIS Approval...  Went to Dr Smith, he immediately said let's try orthodics, physical therapy, and topical analgesics. Fitted me immediately, picked them up three weeks later. Six weeks later, no exaggeration, I feel like a miracle has happened.  This has 99.5% solved my problem! 	 11/19/07	3	3	1	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	I saw Dr. Saffron for months about horrible plantar fasciitis that I was having. Every time I went in for an appointment I waited over a half hour before being seen (sometimes over an hour). He refused cortosone shots and I had to plead with him to provide me orthodics ($400). He also told me to to do strengthening exercises that I later found out from my physical therapist that they were causing more dammage then good. I never recovered and finally saw another doctor (Dr. Smith in Vienna) who immediately helped me. I had to order new orthodics b/c the ones I had purchased with Dr. Saffron were worthless. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	I needed gall bladder surgery and found Dr. Sandiford through my insurance company. I was very pleased at his warm nature and the fact that he explained the operation to me in uunderstandable detail, even drawing a diagram. He had excellent bedside manner...I felt I was in good hands, and I totally recommend him for his surgical skill and wonderful demeanor.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
13	1	I have been Dr. Sandiford's patient for 15 years. When I was diagnosed with breast cancer, he was careful to explain the pros and cons of various treatment options. Warm, gracious bedside manner, easy to talk with.  	3	4	5	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
13	-1	 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	He is amazing and really cares about what you have to say to him...  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
14	-1	 	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	I am under Dr.Slata's care for masses in my throat. Being pregnant, this is an extra scary experience. I could not ask for better care than Dr.Slata.  He sees the full picture, is caring, patient and extremely knowledgeable.   One of the absolute best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
15	1	Dr. Salata performed my thyroidectomy and partial para thyroid removal in February 2011.  His diagnoses was accurate and the surgery was a success.  I highly recommend him and his office staff. Very caring and knowledgeable Dr.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	Dr. Salata performed my thyroidectomy in July 2010.  He and his staff were very knowledgeable and professional.  He was not only a great doctor/surgeon, but he was very courteous and caring.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
15	1	The doctor's staff was very friendly and helpful. My appointment started on time. Dr. Salata did a very complete examination, explained his findings and my options in detail, and then spent as much time answering my questions as I needed. Very highly recommended.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	The staff is A++, friendly, helpful, pleasant, thorough.  They were totally up front with costs and were less expensive than 2 other offices I checked.  They have solved my gum problem when my previous dentist could not.  I am 100% pleased and I am an extrememly picky client.  I recommend this office without hesitation. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	0	I agree with the first review. The Dr. is pretty hard sell - I was shown an infomercial on laser gum treatment and did not receive a good description of alternatives. I am not going back. 	4	4	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Extremely expensive and only seemed interested in getting his money. He yelled at his staff during my appointment, I will not return. 	1	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Excellent Doctor will reccommend 100 percent. 	3	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	I took my son to see Dr Salih on Jan 17th 2011. This was 5 days after he got out of Fairfax Detox for drug &amp; alcohol.  He died on Jan 25 2011. He was in a 90 day program from July to Oct. He was in the Dr office for less than 15 min and given 4 prescription one was for 120 Valium. Did the Dr go over what the drugs are for and how they work. If so how long did he talk to my son to get a history, ask him anything other than &quot;What drugs do you want&#63;&quot; &quot;Is that all&#63;&quot; &quot;take a look in here&quot; &quot;anything you want to try&#63;&quot; He was in &amp; out less than 15 min. I have been to therapy myself to see Psychiatrist, Psychologist and LCSW and all gave me no less than 45 min...NOT 15 min and 4 prescription...and not a 120 Valium WARNING &quot;unusual risk-taking behavior, decreased inhibitions, no fear of danger;&quot; to someone 5 days out of Detox.. I will never go near this Dr Salih...Signed SME 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	My husband went to see Dr Salih about 1 month ago.  He had been having a lot of problems with  major depression, anxiety sleeping disorder and looking for help and guidance.  He wanted to be happy and live a normal life.  He had a lot of issues that were either looked over or not even given the time of day.  My husband was told the appointment would cost 150-200 for an hour visit.  He was in and out in 10-15 mins.  This in no way gave enough time for him to evaluate and treat my husbands conditions at all what so ever as far as I'm concerned.  No Dr. can get a propor background history physical or give the time to diagnose properly to be sure any treatment or advice given would not be harmful.  He only asked my husband what medications he wanted and sent him on his way ..prescribing a few extra he thought would help him sleep.  5 days later, my husband passed away, at the age of 31 perfectly healthy otherwise.  DO NOT SEE THIS DR!  This has happened to another pt. of his 4-5 yrs ago 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
18	1	salih, is probably one of the nicest and best shrink you will eve talk to . i have kown him5 years .never had complaint or problem . simply put he will help you to his best ability ..  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
18	1	Excelent dr  Has treated me for 12yrs.  I have been stable with his med ical guidance and meds.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
18	-1	He asked me how much I weighed and which drug I wanted to try. I was out the door in two minutes. Not helpful at all. Doesn't care about the patients.  	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	0	We've had a mixed experience with Dr. Salih. On the positive side, when my husband needed to be seen right away as a new patient, he was one of only 2 doctors who called me back (I called 13 in all). He is very accomodating with regard to scheduling. On the negative side, he seems to have a rather haphazard approach to treatment. When the first medication stopped working after 6 months, he asked my husband, &quot;what do you want to try&#63;&quot; and then ended up simply increasing the dosage. Also, as another reviewer noted, his office is no longer filing any insurance claims, because &quot;the insurance companies always deny doctors' claims but give the patients anything they ask for.&quot; Translation: &quot;my office assistant is tired of doing this part of the job.&quot; Now we have to file our own claims, although summoning the energy or will to deal with the insurance company is beyond the capacity of many chronically depressed patients.  		4	2	3 	Insurance:Unicare
18	1	. Dr Salih is both helpful and knowledgable and seems very popular among his patients 		3	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
18	1	I would speak with him for 5 or 10 minutes, and he would prescribe an Rx for me. He knew nothing about my life or condition. He is a nice guy, but I wish that he would give me a little more time, especially when the insurance company (he NO longer accepts insurance) pays him a decent amount for 5-10 minutes. I just went in there and told him what was wrong with me. No evaluation.  		4	3	4 	Insurance:Aetna
18	1	He is old school, abrubt, but always willing to do last minute refills for me on Sundays, or take my calls anytime. He always answers his emergency line, find me another board certified shrink that will do that. As for knowledge, I thought he was questionable, but I just spent some time doing online NIMH research and found that the medication regimen he has me on is just about top of the line, most advanced protocol for my complicated condition. He knows what he is doing. He isn't going to let you cry on his shoulder, you have a therapist for that. Besides, if he let every whiny sap pour out their hearts imagine how late he would be then! Let's keep him rude so we can get in within an hour of our appointment time. Hurray for Dr. Salih! 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	He just likes to prescribe medication and that is about it. Not helpful when calling with concerns.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
18	-1	He does not discuss anything really. Just listen and prescribe.  		2	2	2 	Insurance:Unicare
19	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
19	1	I to was a first time Chiropractor patient. I immediately was put to ease by staff and Doctor. They were determined to explain everything to me, and I must admit I have never felt better in years. I never fell rushed, and they will work with you to accommodate a late arrival for a session if at all possible. Can't say enough great things about this clinic.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
19	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Jean-Luc Sansfaute since 2007.  As a first time chiropractic patient, I was a bit nervous and timid about how the appointment would go.  From the moment I met him, he put me completely at ease.  Everything was fully explained to me beforehand, and he made sure I was comfortable the entire treatment.  He easily broke any nervousness with a smile or a light joke, which made my visits all the more enjoyable. He always takes time to answer all of my questions thoroughly.  I never felt as if I were &quot;just a number&quot; or that he has to hurry on to the next patient.  He always takes his time with providing my treatment, making sure all of my questions were answered, and that I am receiving the best treatment possible for me. As a client, I highly recommend him for first-time and experienced patients.   I assure you that once you visit him and his clinic, you will have found your chiropractic doctor for life! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	Dr. Sampson is great. I've always found him extremely approachable, helpful, and knowledgeable.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	Doc had a great personal touch but never followed up with report.  The waiting room was packed and it appeared that the staff was overwhelmed.  However, my appointment was on time.  	2	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	I have seen Dr. Sampson once. He is good-natured and very willing to explain things, and he does so in a very straightforward fashion.   Plus, I just liked him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
21	1	Dr.  Saldin is so kind and wonderful!! Love him:) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
22	-1	I cant say whether or not Dr. Carlson is actually that great of a doctor because I had such difficulty with her receptionist husband, that it made a horrible impression on her. However, she failed to mention until after i found the hard way that when we up the Effexor over a certain dosage, it works as an anti depressant. Since I do not have depression, in turn made me severely depressed. She didn't even realize that until I had this happen.  In my own case, I had increasing anxiety from Effexor. Tried calling MULTIPLE times but her very ignorant and unhelpful receptionist husband would not assist me. I could not take this medicine any longer and my therapist called to try to get me in. He wanted me to wait a week because they were SO busy (even though its been empty the 5 times i have gone). So i got into a primary care dr. When I went in for my last visit for a perscription, Dr. Carlson was less than sympathetic and defended her husband.  Horrible! 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	. great doctor! she's a very nice, intelligent woman, easy to talk to, and great at what she does, highly recommend her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
23	1	Dr. Sarraf is a great cosmetic doctor. I had fraxel done on my face and it got rid of my fine lines. I will recommend Dr. Sarraf to all my friends. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	I had a laser lipo performed by Dr. Sarraf and I couldn't be any happier with the result. My stomach looks fabulous. I will return do do more procedures. I also had some botox and fillers done. I look much younger. Thank you Dr. Sarraf. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	something very quirky in this office.  Laser tech is very nice - easy to deal with. Master Esthetist is new to office -seems kind and gentle.  Dr, S. treats practice like a rug shop in a souk - prices off the top of his head vary patient to patient.  on my several visits, i have noticed him to be out shopping at patient arrival time, taking what look like friends ahead of me, and hearing bargaining on cost.  very weird.  made me feel perhaps I paid double because I'm American.  And the receptionist asked for a tip! 	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Excellent Doctor, excellent care.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	Dr. Salartash is an amazing dentist. She takes the time and really listens to her patients. Have gone to her many times and have always been satisfied. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Sheri is a very cool person. She explains everything and is gentle on the teeth. Highly recommended.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	I have a very small mouth with lots of problems, Dr.Salartash listened to all my concerns and gave me a through explanation of what is needed, she is very gentle and my appointment went very smooth. I highly recommend her if you are new to the area and need a dentist. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	I was extremely happy with my treatment @ Dr. Salartash's office. She is very Gentle &amp; patient with me. I'm a very difficult patient but she makes everything easy. I feel very relaxed &amp; comfortable throughout the visit. I highly recommend Dr. Shahrzad Salartash to anyone who needs a good &amp; caring dentist. 	 5/3/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Dr. Salartash is one of the best dentists I've been to. She has a magical hand and technique. I feel more confident with mu smile every time I visit her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	We had shopped around for a while before we chose Dr. Saba, she was very helpful from the very beginning. Her price was fair with all the other orthodontists perhaps even less, however it was her genuine care for my son's health that was appealing the most to me. Her staff comforted my son when they were doing the exams which showed me that I could trust them. Dr. Saba was very sweet, after my son started braces, I brought in my daughter as well. Dr. Saba'a schedule was very flexible which I loved as a working mother. I'd highly recommend Dr. Saba.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
26	-1	I got a few other opinions after seeing her for an initial consult.  She was the only that wanted to put braces on me regardless of the reasons why I should not get braces.  Looks like she is very money-hungry. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	the worst dentist ever.. she lies every step of the way.. n charges alot more than any other lingual dentist. Don't trust her.. 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Dr. Saba and her staff are wonderful. Dr. Dr. Saba was rated a top doctor in her field for a reason.  She is knowledgeable, professional and caring.  Saba doesn't have an extroverted personality, but she is warm and friendly. Making appointments was never an issue.  My teeth look fabulous now. My only once concern was that her billing staff messed up on my billing.  If you have a very common last name, make sure your payments are credited to the right person.  A couple of my payments were credited to someone else with the same exact last name.  There was a failure to look at the first name.  That's my only complaint.  Otherwise, I would highly recommend Dr. Saba. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Dr. Saba and her staff are absolutely the best in NoVA.  My son was very nervous when we first got to her office, but was immediately put at ease by the fun music, friendly staff and Dr Saba sitting at his level and explaining everything to him. I really appreciated this and was very pleased with the fees as well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
27	1	I waited a little while, but no more than my primary care doctor. He knew exactly what was wrong before he sat down.  Pt first, my primary care and an ER doctor had no clue! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
27	0	Worst Dr. I've ever been to.  Was more than an hour late with no reason given by anyone.  Was very dismissive.  Had 2 assistants in the room, neither seemed knowledgeable and 1 appeared to be in training.  I saw him for probably 4 minutes.  Charged another 375.00 over the 675.00.  I complained when I saw the cost and it was adjusted.  I would never recommend this doctor.  While he may have the credentials, he is lacking in compassion and bed side manner.  	3	1	2	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
27	-1	I visited Dr. Sangiray for a concern that I had about a rash.  I left the office increidibly frustrated and even more worried than I had been when I first arrived.  He was very dismissive and gave me no to time ask questions. I would not recommend this doctor to anyone. 	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	I left the dermatologist's office feeling more confused than when I went in.  The doctor talked more to the nurse than to me and used medical terms that I did not understand.  What I did understand is that he used a lot of 'maybe's' and 'could be's' 'looks like'.  He never definitively said what was going on and prescribed a cream and antibiotics even though he did not seem to be clear on what he was prescribing them for - at least he never explained to me.  He did not really give me a chance to speak and did not seem to listen when I was able to get a word in.  He hurried out of the exam room before I could really speak with him and never explained anything.  I never filled the prescriptions because when I called back to the office to find out exactly what they'd been prescribed for no one could tell me and I don't take antibiotics without good reason.  I ended up using tea tree oil and that worked just fine.  Overall I was VERY disappointed with my experience.  	2	5	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
28	1	Dr. Salbert is an AWESOME Doctor!  I had a medical issue and he was recommended to me.  His staff scheduled me in immediately at the end of his day (even though I was a new patient).  He re-scheduled in order to ensure that he could see me that same day.  He has a great rapport and is kind, funny and empathetic.  Dr.  Salbert is the kind of doctor that I have always wished to have - I cannot say enough good things about him and his staff! 	 8/10/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	-1	My 1st visit I had to wait over an hour past my scheduled appt time to see the Doctor. Dr. Salbert is very pompous and addresses your concerns in an arrogant, belittling manner. After 2 visits he could not diagnose what was wrong with my back, dismissed all of my suggestions of what the issue could have been, was very pushy in ending our interaction, but STILL insisted on seeing me weekly, although I was not given any information about the prescribed treatment plan.I asked him if he had an athletic back brace that I could use for exercise.He said sure and made it seem as if he would lend it to me until our next visit. When I went to pay my bill, the staff billed me for an additional $65. I saw a comparable back brace at Wal-Mart for $23...I called back later that day to voice my dissatisfaction and the Office Manager was not in the slightest bit helpful, sympathetic to my concerns or willing to resolve my issue. She flat out said &quot;We cant help you, I suggest you find another Dr&quot;.Awful.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	I can say enough good things about Dr.Salbert and his staff. They are very helpfull and really care about you. My entire family goes to him and I can't imagine going to a different doctor! He's very thorough and makes sure that he educates his patients on their healthcare conditions and medications.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	I love Dr. Salbert. I've been to a lot of loser doctors and Dr. Salbert is like the shining star. He takes the proper time and most importantly, HE LISTENS!! He goes the extra mile and he genuinely cares about you as an individual. When you call, a person actually answers the phone.  	 12/16/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	I have been going to Paul since his practice opened more than 20 years ago.  The experience is more like visting an old friend than going to the doctor. Although generally quite healthy, I have several rugby related problems with my spine.  I suffered for a decade, but Paul's Chiropractic manipulations normally leave me pain free for a year or more.  Pain recurs only when I used poor posture while lifting weights (i.e., self inflicted). Agree with previous comments about his great sense of humor.  His staff is also quite friendly and helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	Saved my life @20 years ago... still alive, very happy and healthy :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
28	1	I have been going to Dr. Salbert, along with my whole family, for 15 years. He is extremely personable, calm, funny, and helpful. He LISTENS to the patient, and treats the spirit as well as the body. In other words, he understands that what is going on in our lives can impact our physical condition. I now travel 3 hours to see him, because I can't find anyone I trust like I do him. His staff is so nice.... but I do miss Ruth!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	Have been seeing Dr Salbert for 7 or 8 yrs. Cannot say enough good things about him &amp; his staff. He keeps me moving no matter what I've done to punish my back (ice skater - lots of jumps &amp; spins). Have referred many others who are also very pleased with the care given. Yes, he takes time to do it right, meaning your appt. may run a bit late.  It's always well-worth the wait! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	Excellent doctor. I was referred to him by a friend whose family has been under his care for over 10 years. As I recently go married, I referred my husband to him. Even though Dr. Salbert does not work with his insurance (Cigna) we are willing to pay out of pocket to go see him. He definitely address the patient rather than the symptoms and his diagnosis are always right on. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Very personable with great manners. Listens and even has a good sence of humor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
28	1	Dr. Salbert is very knowledgable and has a winning personality as well. He knows what he's talking about and, at the same time, makes the patient feel at ease. While he occasionally runs behind, he is apologetic and I didn't have a bad experience with him. The staff is very friendly and helpful as well. The only reason I left was because of a change in jobs.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	Dr. Salbert really addresses the whole patient rather than the acute symptom the patient experiences.  His approach to medicine is educated, experienced, patient-oriented and effective.  He does what he can to help with medications, he deals tirelessly with insurance and will advocate for the patient whenever necessary.  Dr. Salbert is truly at the top of his class - he collaborates with the patient to form a treatment plan that is financially, medically, and ethically sound.  Cannot say enough wonderful things about this doctor and his private practice.  Our family will continue to see this doctor until he retires.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	Much more respectful than your average doctor.  Worked WITH me rather than dictated TO me.  I feel fabulous, and this may be the only doctor's office I've ever been to whose office staff is as helpful and pleasant as the doctor. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	I'be been seeing Dr. Salbert for 20 years.  Many things make him a special doc, including great listening skills and a firm belief that the patient is the expert on her body and health.  He encourages you to be an active participants in your health care and never fails to listen to your thoughts or questions, or just offer a word of encouragement when life gets tough.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	Fantastic experience with this office and this PCP - compassionate and knowledgeable only begin to describe this doctor's rapport with his patients.  The staff are kind and helpful from the receptionist to the nurses.  I often have to wait a while and usually get seen by the doctor about 30-40 minutes after my appointment time - but I understand since he spends so much time making thorough assessments of each patient - once I'm in the room with him, he will usually spend 20 minutes to an hour with me, discussing my symptoms and possible treatment.  He also respects the patient's opinion and will work with the patient to develop a treatment plan that the patient feels comfortable following.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	0	Office staff is clueless and insensitive. I did not have a good experience. Did not feel dr. listened to me, but rather focused on getting me in and out. For me, was managed care with NO personal attention. 		4	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Great, friendly, knowledgeable...and that's just his staff! This doctor listens and he cares, I highly recommend him.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	Very friendly front desk. Dr. Salbert is very easy to talk to. Highly recommend. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	We travel an hour, from Maryland, just to see this guy, he's the best! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Dr. Salbert is wonderful! Great listener, thorough in investigating descriptions of symptoms, and - above all - compassionate. He is, by far, the best PCP I've ever had. I recommend him to all my friends and neighbors.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	very personable doctor. I've been going to him every since I was a little kid. No matter what the ailment he always had answers or direction for me, and made me feel calm through some pretty rough medical issues. He's a great guy and I'd reccomend him and his office to anyone. Good with kids and adults both. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Absolutely great doc! Have gone to him for years and trust his opinion. In addition, he truly treats the whole body, not just the ailment. In addition he has a great sense of humor.  Ruth, the office manager, is super! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	Very personable and knowledgeable. Personally recommended to me by another doctor. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	I've been a patient for over 10 years....there is a reason for that. Dr Saadeh listens! He has been patient and caring and offered me a friendly kick to the rump when I yo-yo'd on taking my thryoid meds. I ended up making myself very sick. He gave me a friendly reality check and got me back onto a healthy road. When I paniced the night before my throid ablation - he called me from his home to check on me. He answered every question that I had come up with. His patience gave me peace.  I feel comfortable in recommending friends to see Dr Saadeh - and I've never had anyone come back disappointed ! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	-1	Tried for weeks to get in touch with this doctor to make an initial appointment.  He never returned any of my calls.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
31	-1	She is not very knowlegable and came across as money minded. I went for a routine physical exam, she asked that I see her in order for her to release the medical report for my physical. On that visit she hardly spent any time answering any of my questions. She went by the report and started prescribing medicines for any deficiencies I had-- did not really bother to understand if any deficiencies could be related (I later found out they were) and rushed me through the whole visit. I later understood the only reason she wanted to see me instead of handing over the medical report was so that she can charge me for an office visit. If you are just looking for a doctor who can prescribe some medicines she is good, otherwise it is not worth the visit.  I am pretty sure you can find a better primary care physical than her in fairfax 	4	1	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
31	1	Dr. Sachdeva has been my doctor for 3 years now. I like her a lot. She's been great about prescribing needed meds, she's taken off a couple of moles for me (to avoid me having to make a separate appt. with a dermatologist), and I find her to be very caring and knowledgeable. Now I have an issue with a possible brain tumor and she is on top of everything - MRI tests, neurogist referral, etc. I hope she will continue to be my dr for years.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	Exceptional Doctor !!! She treats my entire family and we have NEVER been disappointed.  She cares for us like we are her siblings and children.  She's wonderful, caring, devoted and always a pleasure to speak with about health issues.  She explains everything and she listens carefully to her patients.  Coury M. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	0	BEWARE, she will tell you that you have a heart murmur so that she can very conveniently schedule you for a test in her OFFICE. She was actually good till she very recently became very money hungry. All my family members including my 23year brother who is an athlete was told that they have a heart murmur so that she can pay for her new machine!!!! 	 6/9/11	4	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	She made me take a test that was unnecessary to make a few extra bucks.  She said I might have heart murmur on a day she happened to have the equipment and technician for this&#63;!&#63;  I'm early 30's and workout, so I'm fairly healthy.  Besides what I paid for the office visit, she got a boat load of money by my insurance company.  I guess I should give her benefit of a doubt and she actually heard something, but I dunno....   I guess I got what I deserved for being so gullible:-/ 	3	3	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
31	-1	I had to wait for more than 1 hr. She did not pay much attention and was in a hurry. I would not recommend this doctor.  	3	1	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
31	1	I am from India as well very nice and helpful doctor very lucky to have her as my doctor.I found out i was diabetic,High BP and High Chalestrol she helped me with my sleep apnea too always available best doctor and very genuine human being.I recommend her 200%.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:AHC
31	0	I like Dr. Sachdeva as a person, but she does not have very good bedside manners. Plus, the wait in her office is HORRIBLE. I NEVER see her on time. NEVER. Even if I take the first appointment of the day. She one time came walking in the office 30 minutes AFTER my appointment time. I thought she was in the back the whole time and she wasn't even there. I have called to talk to her, and I NEVER get to. About anything. I am told she will call me back and never does. I was told to take the wrong medicine by her office staff because her staff couldn't be bothered to ask her what I should take despite being told by me that I have high blood pressure. I felt awful that day and quite possibly could have had a stroke due to the medicine. I am looking to change doctors in the very near future. I wouldn't go to her if you can help it.  	3	1	2	3 	Insurance:Anthem
31	-1	Pretty bad - always late, spends as little time as possible, does not take time to answer the questions. 	3	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Me and My two children goes to see Miss Shabnam. I have found she is very accessible, if kids are sick she just calls us right away, yes this type of call makes us wait a little bit, but even that wait has been never more than 30 minutes. The most important thing I admire is her clinical sense, Unless some thing really required she never sends us to specialist or for an unnecessary Lab work. I am very happy with her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	She's the most efficient doctor I've seen, she's very accessible and she recognizes all her patients. Her staff is a lot better now so the overall experience is positive. Keep it up, Dr.  Sachdeva! 	 8/27/09	3	4	5	Insurance:Anthem
31	0	She was very insensitive and always seems annoyed when I asked too many questions or didn't understand an explanation. She needs to be more compassionate. She breaks bad news to you as if she's telling you that you have a common cold. In addition, I could never get an appointment when I wanted. When I did have an appointment, I still had to wait 30 min to 1 hour after my scheduled time. This is true for many doctors but some of the other people who rated this doc was not truthful in that sense either. 	5	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	I just started seeing Dr. Sachdeva for a general checkup, and she was great. In just 2 office visits, she gave me a full physical, cancer screening, updated shots, conducted a heart echocardiogram, and removed 2 moles and a sebaceous cyst. She's fantastic. Office staff is great too.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	Dr. Sachdeva has been the docotor to both of my sons, one 4 and the second one who will turn 2 in September. She treats them like a mother when we go to her, she takes the time to chat with my 4 year old eventhough he does tend to talk a lot.  Every time something has been worng with them and I have taken them to Dr. Sachdeva, after the first dose of her medication they have felt great.  She asks me about my 2 year old and how he communicates and if he can put words together, that is because she cares so deeply about them not because she wants to shock us with some bad news. She is one of the greatest family doctors that I have know in my entire life and I would recommend her to anyone and everyone.  Not too many doctors these days stay in office unitl 9pm every day for their patients and work on Saturday's to provide services.  She is simply the BEST! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	She is our family doctor ever since my daughter was born(My daughter is 5 years old now). She is very knowledgeable and very responsive. She answers her phone any time you need her. I highly recommend this doctor.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unicare
31	1	She always takes her time with you, and does what ever she can to make you more comfortable.  Her practice is also great because she goes out of her way to get to know you.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unicare
31	1	Dr. Sachdeva is extremely caring and dedicate as well as knowledgable. We highly recommend her. She is our family physician who takes care of myself and my wife as well as our 6 month old.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
31	1	I moved to California not too long ago, now I am looking for a PCP just like her, she is the best Doctor I have ever been to. If you ever move to Fairfax area in Virginia, I highly recommend her. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Dr.Sachdeva is one of the best doctors I have ever been to, she is very understanding, polite and helpful, very easily available in emergencies. I recommend her to anyone.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
31	1	Doctor Sachdeva takes the time I need, answers questions well, and discusses concerns. Have had her treat me for a variety of problems, and have been very satisfied with the results.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
31	-1	Lacks even common knowledge about babies/toddlers. Gave us a shock by reading a book and telling that our daughter should be speaking so many words by such a age. Her assurance was if she doesnt start using 2-3 words together she will recommend a speech therapist. For your info, my daughter was only 18 months and as parents we can see she is an awesome child totally perfect. Another instance we went to her. Apparently her solution was can i call an ambulance. Of course she charged us for that wonderful insight too. The last straw, when we went to fetch her medical records due to move out of city, she set a fee for each page to be given to us. God Bless her. But you can find better docs in fairfax. take my word on it.  		3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	0	doctor  okay  staff  very rude and lie to you .  Staff need to learn people skills 	1	2	3	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
32	1	Dr Santianni is undoubtedly one of the best physicians; not only a superb diagostician, but a good listener and an excellent motivator -- i am hoping she finds the time to reopen her practice. 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	I have 6 children and Dr. Sample was by far the best doctor I have ever had. She is very varying and really listens. I highly recommend her you will not be disappointed.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
33	1	I was seen by Doctor Sample throughout my entire second pregnancy, and she was wonderful! Dr. Sample followed my pregnancy very carefully, was laid back and easy to talk to which eased my anxiety about second pregnancy. She listened and remembered things discussed at previous visits, and when I began to have problems at the end of she was quick and decisive about treatment and did not question my concerns. Her recommendations/actions resulted in my son being born healthy and at just the right time. He had IUGR, and Dr. Sample carefully weighed the different factors, monitored me very closely, and made the call the deliver at the perfect time. Dr. Sample has great bedside manner, and is extrememly knowledgable. Not to mention a great surgeon, she did an amazing job with my second c-section, and the followup was great. SO glad I was seen by her and would recommend to anyone.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
33	-1	This woman should not be practicing medicine.  She has a good bedside manner, however she cares more about her paycheck rather than the health and well being of her patient.  She will say anything to put you at ease.  Afterwards when the damage is done, she will lie to protect herself and her fellow doctors.  She is not trustworthy.  If you value your health, stay far away from her office.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Lumenos
34	-1	Two unbelievably rude staff with terrible thick accent. The office manager raised her voice at me insulted me and eventually hung up the phone on me. I just can’t tell you how unprofessional these people are at this office. Please don’t waste your time and money to see this doctor. The doctor is not even that good.. I was recommended by a friend to see an amazing doctor instead (Dr. Zangeneh) in Sterling, VA. You can Respond to this review if You need me to answer any questions. 	 3/22/12	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
34	0	The doctor is knowledgeable and helpful.  The poor rating is for his staff, which could cost him his reputation, they are so rude.  Especially the office manager, this woman with a thick accent, she has a very rude demeanor, and with her third world behavior talks down on you if you need to speak with her.  She could cost this doctor his patients, good reviews, and referrals.  The younger girl who usually answers is also rude now, maybe having to work under that woman I can imagine how grouchy and demanding she can be to her.   Hopefully the doctor pays attention to these reviews! 	 3/5/12	1	2	3	Insurance:United Healthcare
34	1	I have been Dr. Saberinia for about 2 years, and in every aspect he superseded my expectations. His patience, knowledge, care, follow-up, bedside manner, and dedication is what you expect from this profession and he delivers with dedication.  Words may not be sufficient to deliver my gratitude but I feel blessed to have him as my doctor, and I highly recommend him 	 12/12/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Dr. Saberinia is a terrific doctor.  He's personable, knowledgable, and very helpful at plotting a course of treatment.  His staff however, are the rudest two women I have ever encountered in the medical field.  They are also vindictive.  After a phone call in which they told me they were going to charge me out of pocket, because they were tired of dealing with my insurance company, they sent me a bill for a missed appointment that was not yet missed. They also sent my account to collection and never made me aware of it until I called for a followup appt.   They have been rude on every phone call, cutting me off while I'm talking, telling me that they don't have to discuss my account with me and refusing to allow me to speak with the doctor or even leave him a message. They are unprofessional, rude, and should be removed by Dr. Saberinia before they entirely kill his practice.  I will not to return to see him because of his staff, despite him being a wonderful doctor.  	 7/22/11	1	4	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Was not happy with my  privous Endocrinologist so I asked my PCP to recommend a good one to me and he recommended Dr.Saberinia .I am very impressed with his work and knowledge ,and staff were also helpful and friendly...Thanks you.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
34	1	WENT TO SEE DR. SABERINIA FOR THE FIRST TIME A COUPLE OF WEEKS AGO AND I WAS IMPRESSED. HE IS VERY KNOWLEDGEABLE. THE STAFF WAS KIND AND HELPFULL.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	0	Hands down the WORST staff I have ever encountered in a doctor's office.  I've never gone online to rate a doctor, but feel I must. I called his  office last week to find out test results. I told the woman the doctor said he'd call me to tell me because I was going out of town and she just kept repeating I could come during my appointment and talk to him then and that &quot;he tells all his patients he will call them, but I've  been working with him for 20 years and he isnt going to&quot;.  When I said I am anxious because I'm pregnant and don't want to wait that long for my results, they are after all MINE and I have a right to them, she said, &quot;Oh, don't start talking to me about your rights.  HE's the doctor and YOU can't tell him what to do.&quot; When I asked she also said they would not send the results to my the doctor who REFERRED me to him.   It was the most disgusting conversation I've ever had with a doctor's office. I've cancelled my remaining appointments with him.  Patients deserve more.  	1	2	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	-1	I requested a complete statement of charges several times so I could understand Dr Saberinia's bill of $80, but I never rec'd one. Instead, he sent the bill to a collection agency! The money was never a question -- could not get a complete statement. Dr. Saberinia refused to withdraw the report to the credit agency. Very unprofessional.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
34	1	Dr. Saberinia was recommended to me by a relative of mine. He has been excellent in providing thorough care for treatment of Graves disease. He spends time listening to my issues and answering my questions, more time than most physicians do. I highly recommend him.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
34	0	My first appointment with Dr. Saberinia was not extremely helpful, though he was very nice.  Yesterday I was supposed to have another appointment to discuss blood work and had a really awful phone exchange with one of the office staff.  Out of the blue she lit into me and was REALLY rude.  I was astonished.  I have seen some grumpy people working in doctor's offices, but this experience was horrible and I'll be finding another endocrinologist. 	1	5	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	I went to see Dr. Saberinia, and it was a very unpleasant experience. The staff, especially the manager and the fat young lady at the front desk were very rude and did not attend me in a favorable manner. They even charge for a copy of lab results. The doctor is very unorthodox and is incapable of doing his job properly. I would not recommend this office/doctor to ANYONE. Believe me, there are better doctors out there!! 	 11/18/09	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	I am a new patient for this doctor and he was able to fit me in to see me quickly.  This is the first doctor who was able to explain my case to me so that I understood the course of treatment.  He seemed to give all of his patients individualized care by walking them out and giving every second of medical advise.  I really appreciate how much time he spent with me.  The staff was efficient and the office is clean which I am picky about.  Dr. Saberinia is very good - finally an endocrinologist who knows what he is doing.  	 9/26/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	-1	This doctor has the worst staff working for him. They are the most unhelpful and must unpleasent people to communicate with. The office manager is the worst. When you call to resolve a billing questions, she cuts you off and then hangs up the phone on you. The doctor is not any better. If you appointment is at 10:00 am, you can bet you will be waiting upto 2 hours. If you need a refill on your med, it takes him 3 to 4 days to reply to your request or to return your phone call. The doctor knowledge base is Mediocre at best. For those reason, I left him and found a better doctor with a postive customer relation and a great knowledge base.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
34	-1	He does seem to be knowledgable, but he didn't seem to really care all that much.  After the last four minute office call, he pushed me out of his office so fast that I couldn't get an answer to any questions that I had.  I found another endocrinologist. 	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	Was diagnosed with Hashimotos and Dr. Massoud will only prescribe Levothyroxine.  It isn't working and I'm gaining weight extremely fast and am fatigued, feel miserable, etc.  The doctor said that obviously I needed to exercise more.  I AM AND I DO!  He said it was too bad but I should be feeling pretty perfect with my numbers.  If he knew about Hashimoto's at all he would know that I need to a heck of a lot more lower on the range than where I am.  He may be good for other things but when it comes to Hashimoto's I don't recommend him at all.  	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
34	1	Dr Saberinia Is a wonderful doctor I dont know what 03/25/09 is talking about. you already sound like you would be rude and uptight if you dont mind me saying. He takes his time with his patients and the staff are wonderful... im sure if patients are completely rude to you, you wouldnt be as eager to want to deal with them. I LOVE DR SABERINIA AND HIS STAFF... They are better than most doctors and other staff. Believe me Dr.  Saberinia is worth a lot more than people say on this website 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
34	-1	I think I must have gone to a different Dr. Saberinia than the rest of these people!  Both this doctor and his staff are quite unpleasant.   This doctor rushed me through the initial consult and wasn't really interested in asking me about my symptoms.  He was quite arrogant and acted as though he knew everything about me when he had just met me.  His bedside manner stinks!  When I showed him lab work that I had brought from another doctor, I thought that he would just have his secretary xerox a copy for their office.  He was so abrupt and unaware that he just snatched up my originals as though I was giving them to him.  After I had left the office, I realized that he had never given me my original copies of the lab work back.  When I came back to the office and asked for my originals back, his staff person was the opposite of helpful and acted annoyed, as though it was my fault!  This doctor is not worth this hassle. 	1	5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	I always have a pleasant experience when making visits to Dr. Saberinia's office. His staff is very helpful, polite and understanding. Dr. Saberinia spends time with me explaining my prognosis and my treatment plan(s). I highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
34	-1	The staff in this office were rude, insulting and very belligerent. I never got to see the doctor because I left.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
34	1	We love Dr. Saberinia. He has been taking care of my husband for 4 years. He diagnosed his cancer and followed his treatment along with getting his diabetes under control. I am in the medical field and have recommended him to colleagues. He is highly thought of in the medical community. However, his staff is something else.  He is worth dealing with them! 	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Dr Saberinia seems to be a nice doctor. His staff however are jerks. I have gone to 3 appointments and have had to wait an hour each time. Be prepared to wait.  	1	1	3	4 	Insurance:Anthem
34	1	Could not find a more thorough and kind physician.  Highly recommended!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Dr. Saberinia is extremely personable and kind. He explains everything and doesn't rush through his visits, and seems to have a good relationship with all his patients, as far as I've seen. I got lab extensive results with him on my last visit, and was very impressed with the time he took to explain them all. I wish all my doctors were so thorough.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
34	1	Dr. Saberinia is very knowledable and has good advice. He also has a great demeanor. Very good with customers and tends to remember a lot of past patient detail without needin to refer to paper documentation ( a good point). I have found his services to be very good. His administrative staff is a different story...  	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
34	1	Dr. Saberinia is great. He really listens and knows his stuff. I would really recommend him to anyone going through Graves disease or other thyroid issues.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
34	1	I was HIGHLY impressed with Dr. Saberinia. He sat down with me for all of the questions I had and didn't put any of them off as silly or strange. I have had a very hard time finding a doctor in this area to listen to me and actually look into my problems as serious and Dr. Saberinia did. I would and have reccomended him to anyone and everyone I know who needs to look into any endocrinology issues.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
35	1	Very knowledgeable and is willing to work with you and explore options.  She is also quite responsive and will respond to phone calls usually within a couple of hours. For a one-person operation she covers a lot of ground. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Great PDoc.  I like her alot.  I just wish she took insurance. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Dr. Santulli is very knowledgeable in his area of expertise. I felt he gave me more information than previous Dr's did.He was willing to try an increase in my meds when my previous Dr was happy to let me go on with current meds.  His staff returned my calls within a reasonable time frame.  (within an hour, when I have waited days for other Dr's to return calls) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
36	0	Dr. Santulli is extremely knowledgeable; however, he does not return phone calls and neither does his staff.  Although he and I discussed a medication change during my appointment, he left me a message with my lab results.  He made no mention of the new medication or provisions for refilling the old prescription. I called to the office and left 2 messages requesting the information and refill or new script.  Finally, getting no response, I sent him a letter. Two and a half weeks later I called to get my medical records transferred. The behavior of this office is completely unacceptable.  	1	3	1	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	Great experience! Great doctor. Great office staff. Surgery went flawlessly...  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
37	1	Outstanding doctor. Spent a lot of time going over my procedure. The surgery went flawlessly. I recommend him to anyone conidering hernia surgery. The office staff were also excellent.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
37	-1	Seemed completely disinterested and cam across as very arrogant.  I have no confidence in what he told me and would not go back.  	2	5	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
37	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	I went to Dr. Sandhu because he was suppose to be a pancreas specialist.  He was very helpful at first and ordered testing.  He prescribed medication to try.  He finally ordered an MRCP which came back negative.  His final statement was that I probably had adhesions from previous surgery and had to make lifestyle changes.  I just felt he was not interested in helping me. 	5	4	2	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	-1	Terrible doctor. Expect to wait in the waiting room for an hour and an additional 30 minutes in the exam room for poor service. He has been consistently distracted, aloof, and his bedside manner is unsympathetic.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	-1	Terrible doctor, totally oblivious and no bedside manner. Does not prepare you adequate for procedures and unprofessional, incompetent staff that loses paperwork multiple times.  Office is dirty and old.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	-1	The man was in the room with me for less than 5 minutes with an actual examination lasting less than 1 minute. I went in, scared peeless, so to speak, and left just as scared and unsure of my health as when I went in. VERY INEFFECTUAL. The next thing I did was found another urologist.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	Dr. Salem is nice, but even after a surgery to help with recurrent UTIs the problem persisted.  Today I called with a new UTI and the staff said they would give me a prescription to take to a lab for urinalysis which would take 4 days or more until I could get an antibiotic.  Dr. Salem himself said he wanted to see me if I had more problems.  They basically refused me treatment knowing my history.  I told them to inactivate me as a patient. 	1	3	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
39	-1	He is a bad doctor.  I received a procedure from him for my prostate to reduce the size.  I screamed in intense pain for over an hour.  Neither him or his assistant would stop or help me.  The total disregard for my feelings or pain level was outrageous.  They would not stop or give me any thing for the pain.  I think the only thing they cared about was the $6200.00 fee for the hour treatment.  I am 6'1&quot; 275 pound man with a high tolerance for pain.  I was just coming out of the hospital for prostatitis and they should have known that the procedure would be very painful for me.  If they didn't everyone in the entire office knew my pain level from my screaming.  The list is long why I would never use this so called doctor again.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	Dr. Salem was the second urologist I'd seen after repeated UTI's were not being treated effectively by my original dr.  He was extremely knowledgeable and provided me with new options which were more effective for a time, but ultimately my problem persisted and when I contacted his staff for help treating a new UTI they were not helpful, not able to schedule a timely apt to help me or provide me with medication to help me with the pain until I could get in to see him.  	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	Very good doctor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	Dr. Sarma is a kind, patient and caring physician who I first saw because of anemic tendencies, but due to his diligence, early stage lung cancer was found, he says by accident. I think it was more good doctor skills rather than an accident.   The tumor was removed a month ago and no further problems seen, no chemo or radiation needed at this point 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
40	1	I saw Dr. Sarma during my pregnancy for anemia and found him to be very kind, patient and knowledgeable.  He listened to what I felt and took it all in.  His treatment plan was specifically tailored to me and it worked.  I highly recommend this doctor.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
41	-1	1. She's not very communicative during a consult and spends as little time as possible with you.      2. Her staff seem friendly at first but then they NEVER call you back.  Even the attending nurse didn't call back to answer a medical question.  Drs are only as good as the customer service the staff provides.  The ones at Physicians for Women are terrible!    3. To go over the results of my pelvic sonograms (fibroids) I was going to have to wait OVER A MONTH to see her. In that time I saw two other doctors and will have the surgery done to remove a 5&quot; fibroid!      Why would you pay good money to be ignored and treated as insignificant when doctors are a dime a dozen&#63; Save yourself the wasted time from work and co-payments.  Go elsewhere.  Dr. Sonia Salgado has gotten bad reviews when she was at other practices as well.      DO NOT GO SEE DR. SONIA SALGADO.  AND IF PHYSICIAN'S FOR WOMEN ALLOW THIS, YOU SHOULD AVOID THE PRACTICE COMPLETELY.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	-1	&quot;Dr.&quot; Sonia was simply helpless, mean, unprofessional and mean. She never introduce herself it was just horrible experience.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
41	-1	I waited more than 95 minutes for my first annual GYN exam with Dr Salgado; just as I was about to walk out, she showed up, barely said hello, and immediately asked if I was seeing anyone about bariatric surgery (not that I asked or wanted one!)  She left the room, came back 15 mins later, did the pap and was gone again after giving me a card for the bariatric surgeon, and a referral for an ultrasound to &quot;check my ovaries&quot; (why, I have no idea).  Two hours for less than 10 minutes with the doctor, half of which was her trying to sell me on lapband surgery.  Unbelievable!  Needless to say, I will not be going back to her or that practice.  	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
41	0	I have seen Dr. Salgado twice as part of my prenatal consultations at Physicians for Women.  She is BY FAR my least favorite doctor there.  She is perpetually late and when she does finally see you, she is in and out the door in 60 seconds (no &quot;do you have any questions&quot; or &quot;how are you feeling&quot; - nothing).  Don't expect much care and concern from her...I'm praying that she's not the on-call doctor for my delivery.  	3	2	2	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
41	-1	This was my first appt with this practice after being released from my high risk doctor. I arrived 30 minutes prior to my appt time to fill out paperwork. They &quot;forgot&quot; to put my appt on the calendar so I waited for 2.5 hours to see the dr. I saw her for 10 minutes in which she performed several tests I specifically did not consent to, did not answer any questions, made several incorrect assumptions about my general health, and did not ask for any medical history from me. I asked for a recommendation for a dietitian and she said I didn't need one (after telling me how overweight and out of shape I am). A nurse finally gave me the info. She then sent me to have an NT scan at the hospital, which was a &quot;squeeze in&quot; appt because they forgot to make an actual appt for me. I could go on with the mess that was this appt but the bottom line is that I did not feel like I could trust this doctor with my care and well being and will be looking for another dr. I do not recommend her to anyone.  	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
41	-1	This was my first time seeing Dr. Salgado, and she spent less than 5 minutes with me. She did the exam, didn't ask if I had any concerns or questions, and flew out the door so fast that I didn't have time to even blurt out a question. And I was a new patient. This is a doctor's office at its worst. I now will be returning to my old doctor (and paying another co-pay) because I have some concerns I have to ask a doctor about that Dr. Salgado didn't give me the chance or time to ask. Horrible.  	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
41	0	I liked Dr. Salgado at her old practice, but with moving to the new practice, she has become more &quot;medicalized&quot;.  Among other things, I was told that her practice does not take Bradley patients.  They use the ultrasound machine at every visit and are too eager to refer out for ultrasounds.  As for punctuality, she did not make it to my delivery at 4:30am in the morning.  After I delivered with a staff OB, she told me that traffic on the Wilson Bridge was terrible.  She is nice and cooperative, but I am definitely not as fond of her as I used to be.  	4	2	3	3 	Insurance:Aetna
41	1	Dr. Salgado is the best! I changed doctors at 36 weeks because my original doctor was very mean. It was a hard decision so late in my pregnancy but Dr. Salgado and her staff were wonderful.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	Dr. Salgado delivered my baby back in 2004. It was an ok delivery, which I think could have gone better had Dr. Salgado showed up in time for my pushing. However, overall she is ok. Her English is rather limited, so it is difficult to communicate with her sometimes. I would still recommend her, but I am not wowed.  		3	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	Dr. Salgado is small, but has large skill and care! She referred me to her own doctor for a lump that the referring radiologist said was &quot;most likely beenign&quot;. She said, &quot;If in your gut, you think it may be something suspicious...I would call Dr. Teal.&quot; She then handed me her doctor's card. Dr.  Salgado is wonderful! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
41	1	Dr. Salgado is wonderful! I went to her using the reference below and I couldn't be happier. The staff is very friendly and they are VERY good with same day appointments. Anytime you call them after hours, they respond asap. They have very pleasant and authentic bed-side manners. I'm very glad I chose this doctor to deliver my baby. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Dr. Salgado is awesome! The entire staff is very welcoming. I refuse to try anyone else. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	I had been feeling bad for years and for two years I had seen many specialists without any improvement. It took only two visits with Dr. Saadat to diagnose my problem. Dr. Saadat is the best diagnostician and I am forever thankful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
42	-1	Seyed H Saadat gave me a medication called Factive in his office. Right in front of him in black and white was a list of my allergies. The medication he gave me is in the Quinolone Family of medicines and I am deathly allergic to it. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	 	4	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	I have not had any issues with his care or information given.  I have recommended others to him and they were very impressed with him.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Anthem
44	1	Although he can be blunt, this is a excellent doctor.  One who is very knowledgable and very skilled in his area of medicine.  I would put my life or that of a loved one in his hands with all confidence. 	4	3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	This man has no business in health care.  He is extremely rude and arrogant. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	she is very thought full and nice person. she did all she could and quick, when my wife needed help. thanks doc keep up the good work. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	-1	I left due to the staff and some of their attitudes. ALso,I had labs signed off on and had found errors on them which leads me to believe that they were not looked at carefully enough to notice these huge errors. I really do not need any rude staff and can take my business elsewhere. I have never been treated so poorly like I have when I was here. Good luck getting your labs and if so you better make sure you copy what is being done.  Thank god I keep good records and document everything! 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
47	1	My 79 yr old mother fell and broke her hip and Dr. Satpathy was the weekend Dr. Thank God! We couldn't have asked for a more knowledgeable, caring, kind individual. He acted like he had all the time in the world for my mother. He made sure she understood what was happening and spoke on her level. He was very caring sometimes coming in 2 times a day to see her while in the hospital, even on Sunday! His care far exceeded my expectations for a small community hospital in the middle of nowhere. The procedure he performed was the most advanced for her break my later research confirmed. Her after care is yet to be determined but our initial surgical experience has been exceptional.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
48	-1	I had questions about my not too good bloodwork results but the doctor didn't try to find out with my help (questions) why the results are like that. He just adjusted my medicine and ordered new bloodwork. Also, he was speaking very quietly so I had to ask him to repeat himself to know what he said, and he didn't say much to start with. 	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
48	-1	I was told I would get a needle aspiration for nodules both sides of neck.  Never explained process before I made the appointment,  arrived found out its six needles each side and no numbing for neck.  To add to that fear you sign a form before the procedure that says all those takes may not even be enough or correct.  I was so upset.  You cannot just expect a person to lay there after they see the needles.  You do a huge disservice to your patients when you don't take time to prepare them.  I was so upset I did not want to hear an explanation,  my heart was racing and I was unwilling to go forward.  I will not go back to this doctor.  	2	2	1	3 	Insurance:GHI
48	1	I have been under Dr. Safa's care for about 10 years and have had no problems with him.  He has always been pleasant to me and seems very knowledgeable.  The only problem I have had with him is that he has asked me to lose 15 lbs before I see him in 6 months.  After attempting to lose the weight, I called to ask if I could get some help or advice on losing it, and was referred to another physician that does not accept insurance.  As an endocrinolist, he should be able to help me himself.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	I am very surprised to read some of these negative reviews concerning Dr. Safa.  He was highly rated by the washingtonian magazine which tells you more than this site's ratings. I have seen him for over 6 years for hypothyroism and have found him to be a very good doctor.  I don't understand why some people rate their doctor's personality rather than their ability as a doctor.  His manner is business like, not overly friendly, but he is your doctor, not your friend.  I am impressed by how the office manages the wait-time and sees patients very quickly.  Very rarely is there a wait, and I appreciate that.  My condition is properly managed- no issues whatsoever.  Would recommend to a friend in a heartbeat.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
48	1	Such an amazing doctor...used to be a Professor of Medicine and it shows.  Clearly knows what he is talking about...an Excellent source of knowledge.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
48	-1	First, I had to wait for about an hour.  Second, I met with his nurse practitioner who did not have a sympathetic bone in her body.  Third, I met with Dr. Safa, who made the nurse practitioner seem kind.  I'm not sure if they know what they are doing, but it doesn't matter because I am most definitely not doing any follow ups with them.  I decided that about 10 minutes into my appointment, and had it reconfirmed over and over throughout my visit.   STAY AWAY!!!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
48	-1	Do not go to this doctor.  He diagnosed me with Hashimoto desease and said I may develop hypothyrodism later on.  I asked him how my higher my chances were relative to a 'normal' person.  He said medicine is not a science, so he couldn't give me numbers.  And I thought medicine WAS a science... 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
48	-1	He is a pathetic Doctor who needs to find another profession.  I was diagnosed with graves disease and suffering miserably and all he could do was tell me that I was depressed.  He was no help at all and did not take the time to explain what I was going to go through after RAI to treat the disease. He just said you take this tiny pill and you are fine.  Yeah, bullcrap! I would not recommend this Doctor to my worst enemy! 	3	3	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	I went to see Dr. Ali Safa after having problems with losing weight and for having nodules. I speficially selected him because his bio said he specialized in metabolism.  We he obviously does not. While he was through in his exam of the nodules, he could of cared less about the weight issue.  When I asked about what to do about he weight issue, he told me I was depressed.  I said no, I am not depressed and he said, yes you are.  So obviously after getting no real answers I am looking for another Endo.  I would not recommned this doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	-1	I am not usure if there is another Dr. Safa, but mycomments are directed to Dr. Ali Safa. I have to say that going to see him was the worst mistake of my life. His office staff is great and so is his nurse practitioner, but Im no paying to see the nurse. I am paying to see the Doctor. I would ask him questions and he would look at me and not respond AT ALL. I would repeat the question and still no response. For anyone who is a Diabetic one thing that your endocronoligist should be checking is your feet which I would have to ask him to do. He would lecture me for gaining weight even though I was carefully monitoring my weight and exercise regime only to find out that the medication HE had put me on induced weight gain. After switching doctors and switching medication I lost 15 pounds in 2 weeks. I strongly urge you to pick another doctor as I feel the care I received was very poor. I think that this man in neglegent and should perhaps be reported to the medical board.  		4	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
48	1	I have been seeing Dr. Safa for years and I wouldn't trust my care to any other endo. He is very knowledgeable and will work with me on my treatment plans.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	0	On my 1st visit, I presented lab results from the week prior, but he ordered me to have the exact same tests re-done anyway. Did that; but had to follow up with them a month later to see if they received the results. They had the results back within 2 days after I did the labwork, yet they never notified me. Safa tells me the results are the same as the original results I provided and to get an MRI. I schedule the MRI for a Monday, but the facility calls and says Safa's office hasn't completed the authorization paperwork from the insurance company. Had to cancel appt. I call the insurance company a month later for status on my approval; they're still waiting for paperwork sent to his office 3 weeks prior to my scheduled appt. I called Safa's office, and they say they never received the request. 1 month after the MRI, I call for results; they received them a few days after the MRI - no follow up.  At my appt, he has the nerve to ask me why it took so long for me to schedule the MRI! 		1	3	3 	Insurance:Aetna
48	-1	Referred to him by primary care as 'one of the best in this area' -- untrue. Did not explain anything to me, did not draw blood on first vist before putting me on 3 medications for hyperthyroidism and did not follow up how the medications were affecting me. Did not return phone calls. I changed doctors after almost 2 months.  		2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	Dr. Safa is VERY knowledgeable and helpful. When I lost my job and as a result my health insurance, he gave me free medication and a discount on my blood work. I have always been very impressed with the service offered by Dr.Safa. And I recommend him. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	-1	Was told my thyroid was not enlarged & it was but growing inward - as result cough & choking put me in hospital with pneumonia --- STAY AWAY 		2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	very knowledgeable, and offers massage therapy, and in office exercise to help me stabilize my spine. great staff! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
50	1	I had a bad experience with this doctor and wanted to give her the benefit of the doubt, but ended up having a second bad experience and chose to pick another doctor. Her bedside manner leaves much to be desired. 	 1/23/12	3	3	4	Insurance:Unknown
51	-1	Was not helpful determining why I was always tired, for over 2 years. Once I got a thyroid test, we found the problem. 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	Dr. Sanders has been my doctor for many years and he has always diagnosed my ailments correctly. He will take the time to talk to you if you have questions. I like him and his staff is very friendly.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Anthem
51	-1	I found him to be unfriendly and in a hurry to get on to the next patient. Not as much knowledge as I thought he would have on thyroid disease. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	an amazing dr 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	Fibromyalgia Drug Savella Should Be Pulled From Market, Says Public Citizen Group  Savella (milnacipran; Cypress Bioscience, Inc. and Forest Laboratories, Inc.) because it has highly questionable clinical efficacy and has been found, in randomized controlled trials, to cause a large number of potentially serious adverse reactions including hypertension, increased heart rate, and increased suicidal ideation. On July 23, 2009, milnacipran’s approval for fibromyalgia was denied in the European Union for these very same efficacy and safety reasons....  	4	3	2	2 	Insurance:Tricare
53	-1	this doctor is a quack. i hate to put it that way - but he is. i asked not to be prescribed a certain medication for my severe back pain and he did so anyway, leaving me high and dry. now i have to seek further medical attention by a doctor competent enough to look at my chart instead of just going off of his own instincts. ALSO, he didn't even look at my back, just checked my reflexes, and told me i have a herniated disc. really&#63; 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	I had LANAP (laser surgery) done.  The entire procedure was explained in detail and also included a video to explain it with pictures.  All prices are given to you BEFORE the work is done.  Their knowledge about insurances is exceptional.  If the billing girl does not know about the insurance, she will find out before your work is done.  Every member of the staff are friendly and very caring.  Dr. Saunders has a great sense of humor.  I think the longest that I've ever had to wait was 5 minutes.   I have gone to this office and had a lot of work done and I highly recommend this office for periodontal work!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
54	1	Very nice to patients but heard arguing between him and brother while in chair. I felt that was very unprofessional. Staff not very knowledgeable about insurance questions. 	1	5	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	-1	. he preforms surgery and leaves sponges in you causing serious mrsa 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
56	1	Very helpful, great with kids- they love her! Has tons of knowledge and goes out of her way for her patients. The only bad side is that her clinic only sees military patients. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	She's very thorough, very nice doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	I have been a patient of his clinic for the past 4 years. I had approximately 8 epidural steroid injections in those four years. These injections have kept me from having to have surgery on my back! Without his help I would have been cut on by now. I too have a heart condition. But there have been no problems with infections afterwards. I don't take any pain medications thanks to his help. If Dr. Sam was as bad as the other rater suggests, he would not be able to practice medcine, as he has for over 30 years. I work in medicine. There are risks with every procedure...even a flu shot at your family doc's office. Ask you family doc who he would send you to and see who's names pops up! Dr.  Sam's!! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
58	-1	Dr. Samarasinghe injured my husband resulting in a staff infection that went to his heart.  Dr. Sam knew that he had an heart problem and still placed him in a high risk situation. Dr. Sam knew the day he injected him that he had gone to deep and had hit a nerve in his back with a needle.  Dr. Sam ignored my husband's compliants. My husband spent 6 mos. in hospital fighting for his life. He had heart surgry to replace valves that were taken out due to this infection. He will never fully recover, does not have bladder function. Dr. Sams office is phyically nasty. I would not let Dr. Samarsinghe treat a dog on the street.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
59	1	I have been VERY pleased with Dr. Saba's care over the past years. She is a caring, knowledgeable provider who will go out of her way to see that your needs are met. The office staff is average with room for improvement. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	I have been seen by Dr. Sabah for almost a year now, the last three weeks has been an absolute mess. To make your questions short and sweet DO NOT GO TO THE FAIRFAX OFFICE the receptionist talks about your medical history and personal medications in front of the whole waiting room. I did try telling the nurse maybe she could talk to the doctors but she said all she could do is leave a message, how useless. I love Dr. Sabah but her receptionist needs to retire. I will make sure I do the whole office a favor when I make my compalint to the proper places.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
59	1	I love Dr. Saba, I have been seeing her for years.  I was seeing Dr. Nguyen in the practice prior to doctor Saba, but when she joined the practice I began seeing her.  She has a very kind and gentle nature about her.  Dr. Saba has always made time to see me no matter what office she is in.  She has gone above and beyond the call of duty for me when I was very ill, alone and taking care of 2 children when my husband was in Iraq.  I really cannot say enough kind words about this doctor.  If you want to see a doctor who has compassion for her patients and will make every attempt to help you find answers to your medical delimas and help you feel better than you need to make an appointment with doctor Saba.  I think she is great, I would refer my dearest friend or trust her with my child.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
60	-1	9/27/201 I would not recommend Dr. Saba. He was very quick to recommend surgery and tried to rush us into scheduling it the next day. We were not 100% confident in him and got a 2nd opinion. The specialist we saw did not recommend surgery. We are so thankful we saw someone else and decided to not have the surgery done. 	4	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
60	-1	The worst person on earth, this Doctor is a crook a money sucking do not believe a word of what he says. At first he seems nice and compassionate till he gets your business. If you want problems and have nothing to do with your money this doctor is a good way to throw it away. 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	Patti who is the office receptionist is so rude and unhelpful.  She talks about patients in the office which they are in the back.  Extremely unprofessional.  And constantly asks you questions that are currently in the file OR that she should know.  Makes going to this office a major choir.  Staff turnover is high.  BUT there are one or two who make it okay.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
62	1	Actually, the most caring Doctor I have ever been to. My wife now goes to him also & loves him.  Would very much recommend.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
62	1	I feel very comfortable with Dr. Salama. I feel like he takes his time to understand my health. I'd be upset if he left Roanoke.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
62	1	Dr.Salama has been our family Dr. for 7 years... We've sent a lot of new patients to him... He's a part of our &quot;family&quot; and we trust & love him...  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
62	0	Saw me same day when my regular physician wasn't available.   Two family members have seen him and praise everything about him. 	4	4	4	2 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	Dr. Sachse was great, he did a great job removing my appendix. He is really nice, very knowledegable and answers  any questions or concerns you may have, explaining them carefully so you fully understand.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
64	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	Excellent knowldge, service and support.THis Doctor and her staff took the time to research, work and resolve all my issues.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
65	-1	The doctor didn't make the time to have a single conversation with me.  She presribed 30 days of rehab but the physical therapists said I only needed three days.  	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
65	-1	. wrong diagnosis on back; she is not very friendly, has poor bedside manner; spent all of 5 minutes with me on three different visits; licks to impress patients with her dress and demeanor 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
65	-1	The office staff was horrible.  The receptionist urged me to go to the emergency room the first time I called - she's not qualified to diagnose my symptoms and shouldn't have in the first place (emergency room dr. said I didn't need to go).  Dr. Santini was anxious to do surgery on my back and kept suggesting it would help. I wanted to try physical therapy and that relieved most of my symptoms. I followed up with a different orthopedic and he said my condition is mild and doesn't require surgery. Just avoid this office.  	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Anthem
65	-1	I will never go there again, or will I recommend anyone I know to his office.  Dr. Santini's diagnosis was incorrect. After, 2 visits, she told me that she could not finish a proceedure and my son needed surgery on his knee. We immediately saw a highly recommended orthopedic for a second opinion. The doctor took a new set of xrays and assured me that there was no dammage to the knee. The knee was swollen due to collection of blood from a sports injury.  He drained the knee on the same visit, (PAINLESSLY). One week later everything is back to normal and my son is cleared to participate .  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
65	-1	I felt like she had one hand on the door the whole visit. It was very hard to ask her questions, because she seemed like she was in a hurry. She wanted to do surgery on my back before trying anything else. I actually opted to do nothing and now have no pain. If I had done the surgery, I would still be in the six week recovery. 	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	I had a dislocated elbow. Both doctor and her staff were to notch. They saw me right away and were very attentive.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	-1	Shes terrible.  Poor bedside manner, she told me my back pain was the result of genetics and was my parents fault. 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
65	-1	Dr. Santini did not explain the problems I had with my back to me very well.  I had to see another Dr. to get the whole story.  She was very cold and did not show any compassion, telling me I had to live with chronic pain.  	5	4	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
65	1	Great doctor, was always on time and great staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
65	1	Wonderful office staff, beautiful office, and a caring, professional physician. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Dr. Salvant does not have a good bedside manner and he is difficult when it comes to personality and being able to converse with you. If you are looking for a friend dont go to him. If you are looking for the best neurosurgeon in richmond, he is the best as rated by his peers.  	3	3	3	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
66	-1	Doesn't have very good bedside manner.  Doesn't take much time with the patient.  	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Coventry
67	1	Spends as much time as required to examine, diagnose, and answer patient questions.  Left &quot;assembly-line&quot; practice at Pratt in order to do so.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	Dr Saber has been my primary care doctor for years.  When she and Dr Mussey left Pratt Medical, I was unable to follow them because of my insurance.  I tried four doctors during the time she was in King George and was not happy with any of them.  When she moved back to Fredericksburg, I changed insurance providers so I could go back to her.  She has taken care of all my medical issues and has referred me to the best specialists.  I recommend her to all my friends and they are happy with her as well.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	Dr. Sarber is always helpful.  She does not give up until she has found the problem or gets you to a specialist that can help.  She doesn't send you to &quot;Any&quot; specialist either.  She wants the best for her patients.  Her staff are excellent.  Very caring.  My husband and I are so lucky to have her as our &quot;family&quot; physician. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	She's great!  She listens to you and tries to address all of your concerns.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	Dr.Sarber is the closest thing there is to an &quot;old-fashioned&quot; doctor that lovingly treats patients as family. I can confidently say there is NO better doctor ANYWHERE. The same staff have been with her since the beginning and that alone says alot.  They are all the very BEST. I've never gotten anything but prompt, courteous, knowledgable care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
67	-1	I was referred to Dr. Sarber by my OB/GYN for follow-up on out-of-range thyroid tests. I cannot believe how many other reviewers say she listens. She did not listen to me at all. In fact, she would not even let me finish my sentence and she incorrectly assumed what I was going to say. She dismissed the thyroid issue, which was in fact an issue diagnosed by another doctor a year later. She belittled my concerns and talked down to me. I think she is both a horrible person and a horrible doctor. I don't understand how she could be so good to other patients except that she makes snap judgments and decided she didn't want me for a patient. If so, she succeeded. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	Extremely  friendly staff. short wait time.  Doctor has pleasant manner and does not rush.  	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Anthem
67	1	Dr. Sarber is the most thorough, professional, and accurate doctor I have ever had the pleasure of dealing with. She was able to pinpoint the cause of a difficulty I had battled for over 20 years, sent me to the appropriate specialist, and the treatment literally changed my quality of life. Because she had really LISTENED when I went in (& was her patient for several yrs), she knew me. She said that we would order some tests, and if these didn't find the problem, we would do more and WOULD out what the cause was. She was committed, and she--unlike numerous drs before her--found it. When she left Pratt, her practice did not accept my insurance, so I've had to find another--but she is priceless. Even my mother--an R.N. with master's & partway through her Ph.D, as well as a terrible patient who distrusts most doctors, loved and trusted Lisa Sarber. Wish she'd take Optimum Choice, because I'd be back in a heartbeat. God bless her! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	I was surprised to read reviews saying Dr. Sarber needed to slow down or they were late. I have gone to Dr. Sarber for over 10 years (stayed with her during her split with Pratt), etc. Once she left the clinic, I NEVER had the long waits I used to and really felt she was very professional.  She gets to the point, listens, and really goes out of the way to accomodate so many changes I have seen in medical coverage! Thanks! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
67	1	May have a slight wait, but she definitely takes the time to check everything out. Great listener! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	I like her more than any doctor I have ever seen. She always listents and considers my suggestions for my treatment. She seems very caring and is pleasant to be around.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	she's always pleasant and can see me within a day or two when I need her 		5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
67	-1	. lisa needs to slow down 		2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	Always very pleasant and never in a rush if you have questions. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	Thorough, pleasant and professional. Highly recommended. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Excellent staff.  Excellent doctor.  I have a phobia of going to the dentist.  Staff and doctor are very patient with me. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Wonderful practice! I am feeling alot better thanks to Dr. Samuels 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	-1	Horrible!!!  Do not see these people! Horrible office environment, staff and really not at all knowledgeable about anything in particular.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
69	-1	i believe this doctor to be irresponsible,  neglectful and dangerous to his patients , as any i have ever encountered. the treatment did not work. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	Dr. Sabloff is EXCELLENT in his field and extremely knowledgeable. He explains everything well. Because of insurance mandates, I don't know how any doctor can be punctual and still make money. Dr. Sabloff is respectful of my time through his punctuality, but if you have an appointment other than first in the morning, you may have to wait longer than you'd like.  However, he is so good at his job, he's worth the wait!  His staff is professional and businesslike; they are friendly, but not overly friendly.  	4	3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	1	Working with him so far has been very helpful.  	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	1	Dr. Sabloff is an excellent, knowledgeable doctor.  He and his staff have addressed many sports related injuries for me and several of my family and friends.  He recently performed surgery on me to correct a meniscus tear.  He tried everything possible to avoid the surgery (for more than a year) and was successful in helping me return to approximately 90% without surgery and we had agreed that I was comfortable with this level.  However, while watching a tennis event, I went to move around on the bleacher and completely tore the meniscus--which was painful.  Went to the hospital that night and the next day went to see Dr. Sabloff.  Dr. Sabloff had to schedule me for surgery and the surgery went well and I am now close to 95% recovered.  I am back playing sports, working out and feeling better every week.   You may have to wait a little longer to get an appointment with him or once at his office to be seen by him, but when it comes to sports injuries, he's the man! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
70	0	Seemed to be more interested in talking into his recorder than talking to me.  After the first surgery to reconstruct my ankle, I developed an infection.  Seven months after the surgery and many rounds of antiobotics, another surgery was performed to clean out the infection.  2 months later the infection is still present.  Went to see another doctor, he ended up having to remove all of the screws from my foot and informed me that the infection had eaten into the bones of the ankle.  2 weeks later no infection.  	4	3	2	3 	Insurance:Tricare
70	-1	My aunt had surgery with Dr. Sabloff in the early 90's so I had a good recommendation to see him. When I visited the office, I was in the exam room waiting for him and I could overhear him on th ephone telling his stockbroker he could afford any size boat he wanted. During his examinstion of my arm, I felt like he was totally distracted on his boat and didn't even make eye contact with me. 	2	2	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
70	0	Tow comments, one on doctor and the other on billing. 1. Dr. Sabloff seemed very good at first, but turned out to be horrible. He &quot;guarateed&quot; my injury was not ACL. It tunred out to be ACL, but after the surgery I was not given follow-up care for my ACL. Every time I went in I have to remind him who I was and what happened. 2. Billing. I verified that I paid everything, and almost 2 years later I get a call from a collection agency saying that I owe the same amount again. The billing issue clearly isn't a direct result of the doctor, but it is something to be aware of.  		1	2	3 	Insurance:Aetna
71	1	Dr. Saul is a knowledgable and caring person. I am still living because of his excellent skills as a surgeon. I would recommend him to any one in need of Gynocologic surgery. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	-1	Run do not walk from Dr. Delgado.  Without a doubt the worst care I have ever received.  She ignored and dismiss everything I, and referring ENT specialist, said.  I felt trapped to stay with the practice because I had started allergy shots and they were making a difference with my symptoms.  And, I had been in agony.  So thankful that now that I am at maintenance dose I have been able to leave the practice and be seen by a competent caring allergist.  First rule of medicine -- listen to your patient.  Dr. Delgado not only refused to listen, she ignored and/or dismissed everything I said.  And, the opinions of two ENT specialists -- one of which she demanded I see.  Horrible, horrible, horrible experience. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
72	-1	I visited this doctor just out of curiosity for my food allergies as part of taking care of my energy levels.The assistant was very confused and she entered wrong information about my histroy for the reason Insurance denied coverage.Wait it was not only that she was confused which foods she already used to mark and confused and started using the left ones ,it is almost like waste of my office hours and commute and lot of frustration I have gone through.When I called to office they were very irresponsible esp from the HR department it seems.She was real rude as if I am trying to escape the money to pay.It was worst experience I ever had almost like they catched me as easy fish ..  	1	5	1	2 	Insurance:Anthem
72	1	She works with Dr. Richard Rosenthal who is among the top doctors. She is a very nice lady, they always ask me a lot of questions to make sure I'm alright. The nurses are sweet too. They usually give me free samples of my medication whenever I visit them. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	-1	This man had terrible bedside manners.  My family will not be going back to this physician. 	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	Great clinic environment and proficient medical practice. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	Dr. Sadr and her staff are the absolute best.  I have been working through my treatment plan with them for the last year (2011 to now Aug. 2012).  They have done my extractions, fillings, crowns, a temporary denture as we prepare for implants, and implants themselves with a few more to go.  No one is more stunned than me that at this amount of work there have literally been NO stumbles, no painful fitting, everything just flawless.  Professionally they dominate, I really can't imagine anyone more precise or caring than Dr. Sadr (and Dr. Kooshki too!).  Their staff is the same, from the front desk awesomeness to techs.  No overcharging, no changing prices, not even waiting before appts. Everything has flowed and I've had an incredible amount of work done. I obtained estimates from other dentists and am certain I made the right choice.  I went there as a very embarrassed person holding back tears and leave in total admiration.HIGHLY HIGHLY recommend, no way will you be disappointed 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	I think Dr. Sadr and her staff are great!  I have always been treated with kindness and a smile.  She has been my dentist for several years.  She has done checkups, cleanings, and a crown.  I've been very happy with her dental care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
77	-1	My experience with this Dentist office is really bad. They charged me first and then they don't refund your money quickly. I went to them in good faith and paid most amount upfront, and even after more than 7 months I am working with them to get clear all my refund. Another, part is staff is more rude, they keep on lying that they have kept voice messages when infact they have not left a single message. About doctors experience was, they numbed my tooth and came and said they can't continue until the payment is done in full. I will advice people to avoid this doctor. Its a free advice take it or you can experience them.  	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
77	-1	The staff seem high pressure and the doctor was forcing me to get more cavities filled than I really had. I went in there after I moved from Alexandria and she said I had about 6 cavities, she'd have to numb me up and fill all of them. I didn't believe her because I'd never had a cavity before so I went to my old dentist in Alexandria and she said I had maybe 3 possible cavities that were very near the surface and may or may not become cavities. She filled them without any novacaine. I don't trust this doctor because she is newer and I hear newer doctors tend to push procedures on you to get more money than more established doctors.  	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Anthem
78	-1	The absolute worst experience with a doctor I have ever had. Left his office shaking and have not slept a full night since my visit 5 days ago. Waited a month for appointment. He is rude, disrespectful.  I feel like I was emotionally and physically assaulted 	5	2	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
78	0	During both the initial visit and the consultation following urodynamic test, he barely looked at me or spoke to me.  He never discussed the test results with me.  	4	2	1	4 	Insurance:Medicare
78	1	He spent 5 hours in surgery saving my uterus, when  other doctors thought it would have to be removed. Not very chatty, but that's Ok with me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	-1	Elderly Spaniard who is rude, crude, unhelpful and indifferent to any woman with feelings--treats women and (female) staff with extreme disrespect.   Why would he choose a specialty where he treats women&#63;  He thrust his finger up my vagina and said &quot;That's all right!&quot;  Need I say more&#63; 	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	-1	I saw Dr. Sanz on 5 different occasions for a surgical consultation for an imperferated hymen. he was generally unhelpful during the first few visits.  during my post surgical follow ups he touched me in a manner that made me uncomfortable on several occasions. I chose not to do any more follow ups with him and returned to my regular gyn.  Since my last visit, I have received multiple bills for miscellaneous items that have been paid. The hospital recently submitted these claims to a collection agency even though they have been paid in full.  I strongly recommend staying away from this doctor and hospital altogether.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	I felt well taken care of by the staff. They were the most helpful and friendliest that I have come in contact with in a long time. Dr. Sanz was also personable and is the area's expert on uterine prolapse, which is what I saw him for.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:MAMSI
78	-1	Terrible bedside manners! Could not believe a doctor could be so disrespectful. He spends five minutes with you and then leaves you with his nurse practitioner or other assistant. Nonsense advices. Saw another woman leaving his office with words &quot;I wasted my time and money&quot;. 		3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	Dr Singh is the best neurosurgeon and the best doctor period that I have ever been associated with in my life.  He took time and very tender care of my father who had a glioblastoma and great care of us--his family.  I have often told my family since 1984 that if I ever need brain surgery to take me back to Virginia and find Dr. Singh.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	1	I'M A 32 YEAR OLD FEMALE WITH TRIGEMINAL NEURALGIA. DR. SAHNI WAS THE FIRST DOCTOR IN 2 YEARS TO GIVE ME A RAY OF HOPE. MAYO, DUKE, AND OTHERS WERE A WASTE OF TIME!! SAHNI TRULY SAVED MY LIFE. I LIVE IN SOUTH CAROLINA AND HAD BEEN ALL OVER THE EAST COAST FOR HELP WITH ZERO RESULTS. THANKS TO DR. SAHNI, I HAVE BEEN PAIN FREE SINCE MY MICROVASCULAR DECOMPRESSION SURGERY IN APRIL OF 2009. I HAVE GIVEN HIS NUMBER TO MORE THAN TEN PEOPLE SO FAR AND ALL HAVE FELT BLESSED TO KNOW HIM. IF YOU HAVE TN, THIS IS THE MAN TO SEE. I COULDN'T ASK FOR A BETTER DOCTOR OR MAN. HE CARES ABOUT HIS PATIENTS AND IS TRULY CONCERNED ABOUT THEIR SUFFERING. MY LIFE HAS BEEN FOREVER CHANGED BECAUSE OF DR.  SAHNI!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	1	He is  wonderful.. Helped my father through many operations for brain tumors and plate placement and removal.. He is very helpful, kind,and thinks about the patients well being.... Highly Recommended! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	I have had two surgeries by Dr Sahni--one in July 2007 and the last in August 2008--the latter was Gamma Knife Surgery for Trigeminal Neuralgia (TN). TN is a nerve disorder of unknown origin that causes sudden shock-like facial pains. Trigeminal neuralgia (TN) is not fatal, but it is universally considered to be the most painful affliction known to medical practice.  By many, it's called the &quot;suicide disease.&quot;   The exact cause of TN is not fully understood.  Dr Sahni gave me hope for the first time to reduce my pain.  If you have undiagnosed facial pain, get educated at the Trigeminal Neuralgia Support website (http://www.fpa-support.org/index.html) formerly known as endthepain.org.  Then get an appointment with Dr Sahni.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	My husband, kids, father and I all see Dr. Said. She is polite, professional, and extremely knowledgeable. She takes the time to explain the problem and potential treatments, always taking the conservative approach. We feel comfortable trusting the care of our children with her as well. My older kids both play sports (soccer, football and baseball) and we feel that having their feet checked now will prevent problems in the future. We love Dr.  Said and refer her to anyone we know who needs a podiatrist! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
80	0	Usually had to wait long periods (30 min +) for Dr. Said to look at me.  She gave me several cortisone shots and that was helpful but no followup.  My greatest complaint is whoever does her billing.  I set up a payment schedule and never missed a payment yet they harassed me and constantly threatened turning me over to collections even though I paid them regularly.  For the harassment and the lateness I will not go back.  	1	3	3	3 	Insurance:Aetna
80	-1	The worst of the worst.. she told me I have foot pain because I am too fat.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
80	1	. she really took her time to answer my question and suggested how I can do more to help my foot pain 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	Great service and wonderful outcome with Dr. Saffan and Shady Grove.  Highly recommend everone who has fertility issues to go see him.  	 8/27/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	Dr. Saffan is really good. Wasn't afraid to consult with my other RE to get me the best possible care. Dominion refused to work with me because of my extremely complicated history. But SG is willing to work with me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	I was accepted on Shady Grove shared risk after failed IVF in another practice. Dr. Saffan appeared a little grumpy in our first meeting, but we learned more from him in our first consultation than we did the entire time with the other practice! We didnt see much of him during the whole process as my tests usually fell on weekends, and he didnt do retrieval or transfer but we knew he was always there. However, the whole team at SG are incredibly professional and having been through this before and knowing you dont always get the same doctor, it was incredibly reassuring to know they had the hand offs to Rockville and process perfected. I am now pregnant with twins and Dr. S has been great. People criticize SG for being too machine-like and less personal, but this was not my experience and believe me, you need a practice who get all parts of the entire process right! They have it down. You still have to manage the situation - a few mistakes were made along the way, but overall great.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	Dr Saffan is a good doctor who unfortunately works in a bad system.  We felt like he was really pulling for us, but every other staff member we encountered was very rushed.  Our nurse gave us incorrect instructions and the billing department was horrible.  	2	2	4	5 	Insurance:Tricare
81	1	Dr Saffon diagnosed a simple problem with one of my tubes.  They cut it off and boom...pregnant via IVF with ICSI with twins.  After 7 tries at Walter Reed and all their so called &quot;Specialists in reproductive endocrinology&quot;  (residents) we gave up and went civilian where Dr Saffon saw it like a target on a dartboard.  Duh... Walter Reed...too many cooks spoil the broth. 	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	After a very negative experience with Dr Michael Dimattina of Dominion Fertility, we went to Dr David Saffan and RN Pam Collins via a personal recommendation. We have been extremely impressed so far. Dr Saffan is humane, very caring and although phenomenally busy takes the time to study and ponder each individual case. He is very good at explaining and presenting the options. In general, we have found Shady Grove to be very professional but also able to give the personal touch. Pam and the other nurses are great - Pam was assigned to us and is immensely knowledgable and able to help steer us through the minefield of IVF decisions. We are very optimistic about achieving success with Dr Saffan. Best of all, we know that even if it doesn't happen then we have done everything possible to maximise our chances by working with the best doctor available. 	 9/24/06		5	5	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	. wonderful caring dentist - have been going to him for over thirty years 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
83	1	Dr. Conda has been my Dr. for 15 years. She cares deeply for her patients. She always takes as much time that is needed to help everyone that she sees. I would not trust any one else with my health.  She is the best.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
83	1	Although she's always running late, Dr. Conda is great.  She's got great personality and helpful.  Most of the nurses there are nice, the front desk receptionist leaves a little to be desired.  	3	1	5	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
84	1	I really like Marilyn.  She has a great demeanor about her and really tells it like she sees it.  She's kind, but honest and I really needed that.  I needed someone who would tell me when what I was feeling was valid, but more importantly when it might not be.  She tells me when I am wrong without making me feel stupid or immature (even if that's exactly what I am being)  ha.  I've seen a lot of therapists - I use them more as coaches than to solve my problems, and I am so glad I found her in Virginia Beach.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
84	1	Marilyn is very kind and caring and gives wonderful advice.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
84	1	Ms. Salasky is NOT a physican. She is a licensed clinical social worker and my therapist and I thought she should be listed on this site. She is a fantastic counselor. She makes sure that before you leave, she addresses your concerns and provides lots of feedback. Lots of therapists don't do that - they leave everything up to you to talk about and end up figuring out. I'm paying for advice - not to go to an office and talk by myself for an hour! She allows me to bring family members that I have issues with and she is very good with them also. She doesn't always tell me I'm right and lets me know when I am in the wrong etc. Anyway, I would recommend Ms. Salasky for counseling services. She has years of experience.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	-1	.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
85	1	Really nice staff, you have to wait a VERY LONG TIME. Dr. Sajid is nice. 	5	1	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	You have to allow for a long wait! But the receptionist is wonderful and we love Dr. Said.  	5	3	4	4 	Insurance:Anthem
85	-1	 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
86	-1	She did not remember me or my symptoms/issues, not matter how long i had been seening her. She did not give me the why behind a diagnosis and does not communicate well with me. Many times there was something wrong she wanted to test for but i never found out until after the test came back fine. thats scary and i want someone to be upfront. she is very defensive if you ask questions. Down grades your problems if she has had a similar experience. Doctors should never do that. They should listen and be empathetic.... everyone is different.  	3	2	2	1 	Insurance:Anthem
87	1	By far the best family practice doc!  Highly recommended due to his excellent communication skills, bed side manners, and knowledge base.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
88	0	After I underwent a colonoscopy,  I asked for either a bedside commode or bed pan and they told me they did not have one.  I then asked for some wipes and once again I was told they did not have any.  How could a facility that does colonoscopies all day not carry such simple supplies&#63; She told me my colonoscopy was normal, however, a couple of weeks later, I had to go to the ER because the pain had become so severe.  I had to have a CAT scan which showed I had colitis.    Also, one of the medication she had prescribed interacted with my current meds and the pharmacist called her office and notified them right away but they did not notify me until 3 days later! 	4	5	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	This doctor is a good listener and did a great job of explaining everything to me. I highly recommend her.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
88	1	I have good doctors. Never had one who really, really cared as much. Smart, kind, personable, empathetic. Never wrote a review before but I felt I had to let everyone know.  What a great person and doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
88	1	Dr. Salcedo has been my doctor for over 10 years. I have been so blessed to have a talented doctor like her.  She explains everything in an easy to understand manner.  There is nobody in the world that I would not trust with my GI tract than her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Cares about her patients.  Takes time to explain procedures and conditions.  Easy to understand and remembers YOUR case very well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
89	1	I had 3 nasal /sinus surgeries with Dr. Saidi. Excellent doctor in all ENT things related. He was competent and confident....he actually took time to listen to what I was saying and how I felt. His staff both clinical and non clinical were a fine example of professionalism. I highly recommend paying Dr. Saidi a visit if you are tired of your sinus or allergy problems. He did a great job for me.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	1	Dr Sacknoff basically saved me when I had an enlarged prostate. His surgery went well. His staff was very kind and helpful.  I would reccommend him in a heart beat!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
90	1	I have been going to Dr. Sacknoff for the last 5 years or so.  During the first year I had 2 different episodes of kidney stones, one of which he treated with a stint followed by Lipotripsy, when that procedure finally became available.  He has kept me stone-free now for the last 3.5 years!  He is an excellent doctor in his field, exceedingly knowledgable and has a great personality and bedside manner.  He also explains things in language you can understand.   I am giving him the highest rating possible! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	-1	Dr. Sacknoff was terrible; in my situation, he performed a very dated procedure which left me with negativie repercussions for weeks. His nurse at the time was appalling, and gave me insensitive answers. At my follow-up weeks later, he gave me fruitless advice; it has taken me almost 3 years to solve my uro-gyno problems, and he was the first in a list of many useless doctors quick to solve my problem with a procedure that seems to not have been necessary in the first place. Of course, hindsight is 20-20 and I'm 1,000 percent better in the right care, but to be clear, it's not because of him.  	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
90	1	Dr Sacknoff is a very caring and concerned doctor for the health of his patients.  He is a professional with an outstanding bedside manner rarely found in younger physicans.  He has a great sense of humor that puts his patient and their family members at ease.  Returns phone calls the same day.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
90	1	Found a place on my testicle that I did not know about save me from a deadly cancer..Great Doc very thoughtful,kind..  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	-1	Dr. Sacknoff treated me with no respect. He only lectured me on things that are absolutely none of his business & has nothing to do with what I was seeing him for. He is very sarcastic & unprofessional. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	very attentive, knowledgeable.  Excellent surgeon 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	Love her!  I had a major issue, needed surgery and she was awesome.  Took time, explained everything.   Best gym I've ever had! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
92	-1	Stay away! Dr. Sadr diagnosed me with PCOS but then didn't tell me what to expect with such a diagnosis. I told her I'd been having pregnancy symptoms (and my husband and I had been trying to conceive), and- since it ended up that I was NOT pregnant- she suggested I was having a hysterical pregnancy!!! I broke down in tears from fear of what was happening to me, and she told me to find a new doctor.  DONE AND DONE!!!  I had to research PCOS on my own to learn that common pregnancy symptoms ARE part of it.  I've never felt so belittled. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	Dr. Sadr was wonderful during my entire pregnancy all the way up through the birth of my son.  I felt very comfortable with her and she was very thorough at every exam.  I am so thankful that I had Dr. Sadr.  I dont have anything but praise for her and all the doctors at Tidewater Physicians For Women. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	Dr. Sadr and her staff go above and beyond to try to resolve any issue. She is attentive and ready to give as many options as possible to provide the best outcome. She makes you feel in control of your healthcare by working with you. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	i felt rushed throughout my entire visit. the nurse put me in the room for an examination and 2seconds later the doctor walks in &quot;are you ready!!!&quot; but i was not ready, still ggetting undressed. she then says &quot;well im ready whenever you are&quot; with an attitude.i was the only patient there. i showed up on time for my appointment so the rush was not needed. then i heard her talking outside of the door saying how she needs to hurry up and go home to walk her dog. completely unprofessional, rude, and attitude was uncalled for. i do not recommend anyone to this doctor 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	I wouldn't send my dog to this lady! I had a blighted ovum at 13 weeks and she gave me pills to induce a miscarriage. Afterwards when all the tissue was still inside my uterus, she said &quot;Oh, well, I didn't think it would work.&quot; I ended up having to have a D & C 2 weeks later anyway! She could have saved me a lot of heartache and agony by just doing the D & C instead of experimenting on me! STAY AWAY! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
93	-1	she is the worst neologist ever ! perscribes medication they have band over 8 years ago because people where dying from it. Lied to me and told me i would have to be monitored weekly while taking Reglin... which is a very safe medication that she tried to perscribe me that is not recommended for my condition so i could keep paying $283.00 to go in there and not even have my blood pressure takin or any type of exam. ! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
93	0	Like the other posts. She sits behind the computer typing and i was misdiagnosed, i was actually telling her what tests to do on me. Her logical thinking wasnt there. I changed to another practice. Once she realized i was misdiagnosed she basically told me to see another Dr. Of course i was already ahead of her.  God bless 	4	4	3	3 	Insurance:Anthem
93	-1	Horrible, like other review said, she sits behind her computer typing instead of listening to the patient. She seems very indifferent and does not accurately diagnose. While asking questions she ignores or does not give a strait answer. She makes me feel uncomfortable and rushed. Not a good personality or a doctor. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
93	-1	Did not show concern for the patient who was a young girl.  Everything was done sitting behind a desk typing on her computer.  If child continued to have a seizure she just increased meds. Only had blood work done one time and the child was on 4 different meds.  Finally told us she could not help the patient and suggested finding another doctor. Best advice she had given us.  	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
94	1	 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	I've reviewed dr. Santiago in the past but feel like I need to update. I had my first child with her and couldn't have been happier with her. Dr. Bissell is horrible, run from her. I have to say I still really like dr Santiago and her nurses, they are fantastic. But the rest of the staff is terrible and the reason I'm probably going go leave. I've since lost 2 pregnancies and have had a hard time getting a hold of dr Santiago in the process. One time I called every day for a week, the staff took a message and said she would call back, forgetting to mention she was on vacation that week. The second time I just can't a return call period. I still don't have results from an ultrasound 5 weeks ago. If I had a normal pregnancy I'd go back but at this point the staff has made me too anxious about not being able to talk to a dr. I truly love her as a dr but they are too busy with an uncaring staff.  	1	3	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	Went through 2nd pregnancy with Santiago. She was very caring and took time to explain what was going on. I went into labor early so Bissel delivered my baby via c-section (great job btw)!! Now I'm with baby #3 and the practice has CHANGED! The wait times are terrible. I'm talking upto to 2 hours from the time you get there to the time you leave. Some of us have jobs people! Plus once they see you I feel rushed like I'm at a clinic. She (and the rest of the Dr's) seem a bit impatient now. Who ever is scheduling the appts. so close together is stressing out the Drs' and killing the practice. Several people I have referred have left or are leaving. She is a GREAT Doctor but the office manager is making her and the others loose clients.  	2	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	Dr. Santiago is a fantastic doctor.  She is extremely knowledgable, and has an excellent bedside manner.  I highly recommend her to anyone looking for a OB/GYN.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	I really don't understand why the past couple reviews were so bad...it's quite uncharacteristic of the Dr. Santiago I know.  I had a high risk pregnancy, and she was always easy to reach on the phone, followed up with me all the time, and always took every precaution to make sure that my baby and I were well cared for.  As for the in-and-out approach...that can solely be traced back to the office staff.  They schedule these docs for 10 minute appointments. (as in, the doc has appointments scheduled every 10 minutes).  Crazy!  If the office staff would quit doing this, we'd all get the attention we deserved.  Basically, don't take out your frustrations on wait time, etc. on the nurses or the docs.  I'm trying for baby number 2 and I've postponed moving my family to our new home (out of state) just so I can see Dr. Santiago...I don't trust anyone else to handle my or my pregnancy.  Quite simply, she's the best.  	1	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	-1	I was referred to Dr. Santiago by my general practitioner due to having chronic vaginal discomfort. Dr. Santiago seemed nice in the beginning but was clearly frustrated with me when I answered one of her questions in a manner she seemed to not approve. Everything went downhill from there.  She didn't seem interested in discussing my medical history nor wanting to get to the root of the problem.  During the exam, I tried to explain where my pain was located and, once again, she got frustrated with me for I wasn’t using the correct medical terms.  Dr. Santiago basically said she could not see anything so wasn’t able to determine my problem.  She gave me a prescription but with no directions and rushed out the door.  I was so horrified by this experience I was emotional as I walked out the door.  I understand that Dr. Santiago probably had a busy schedule, but there was no reason for her not take the time to get to know me and advise me.  	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	-1	As a new patient, I was very disappointed in the rushed, 'drive-thru' manner in which this practice operates. Especially for an initial visit, a top-notch gynecologist actually reviews your medical history with you via a consult in addition to the actual exam. This was NOT the case with Dr. Santiago. While she seems nice, she wasn’t diligent or on par with other gyn's I've seen the past. Her care was 'bare minimums': she never asked about things like my iron level, calcium, nor did she do any bloodwork so that she could clearly understand for herself my gyn needs as a middle-aged woman. I will definitely follow up with another doctor shortly so that I can get the care I sought here.  	3	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	Dr. Santiago is the best. I am not too fond of the office staff, but it's worth putting up with their rudeness to see such a great doctor like Dr. Santiago. She spends as much time as needed with you, explaining everything thoroughly and without restraint.  She is amazing! 	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	0	I did not feel comfortable there. I felt like I was the next in line, Dr. Santiago did not have more than 10 minutes to spend with me. Staff is nice, but I had to go to a separate ultrasound place,so inconvenient. The ultrasound place did not communucate with Dr. Santiago for two days, meanwhile you are wondering if you need to go to ER.The office didn't forward my messages to Dr. Santiago to call me back,so she did not. You can't reach her easily,if you need to.She is probably a good doctor working in a wrong place (OBGYN ASS).I am changing the clinic to one that can spend more time for me.I had an abnormal pregnancy that resulted as a miscarriage, and I didn't learn anything from the doctor because she didn't have time.The US Tech told me what I had and I felt pretty left alone with my problems and doing a research on the internet. I have to give her credit for calling me before I had to miscarry at home on my own, and followed up by calling again a week later.  	3	3	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	What a great doctor. She is always friendly, talkative, and seems to really care. She explains things a lot more than the other doctors, as well.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	Dr. Santiago is a God send for my first pregnancy, she always takes the time to answer questions, will let you think about what you want to ask, is helpful, cheerful, makes you feel at east at all times. I love her and can't imagine having anyone else deliver my child.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	I love Dr. Santiago. She is smart and kind, and she takes the time to make sure you've asked all of the questions you have. She was not my regular doctor, but I got to know her when I was pregnant. She delivered my son, and when we decided I needed a c-section (something I had not planned), she really helped me through the decision-making, answering all of my questions and making sure I was comfortable with it.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	Love Dr. Santiago! She was helpful for both my annual pap and also when I became pregnant. She takes time to answer all questions and puts me at ease. She even answered questions over the phone which saved me a few visits (and copays) to the office. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	Dr.Jennifer Santiago was the most incredible doctor I ever had. She helped me so much during my difficult time TTC and while pregnant. I had an emergency stillbirth delivery at 22 weeks, and she was by my side every second through that awful night. I could never of gotten through the loss without her. She is the most amazing doctor ever. She recently left her practice in Reston, and joined Inova in Alexandria. I was so sad to see her leave. I can't express how wonderful Dr.Santiago was with me!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	-1	I will never ever go back to Dr. Santiago. My first visit her was good, but that was only general pap/mamogram test. Later after a month I was detected with ectopic pregnancy. I felt she was very rude and doesn't share much info. She didn't make me understand what is tubal pregnancy. She never seemed to be concerned. I was so scared because it is very painful. After the treatment, when i was seeing progress, instead of making me feel relaxed she scared me saying ectopic pregnancy might not have been cured. The severe pain might come back anytime. She always in hurry to leave the room and not answer the questions. Fortunately I took second opinion from a different doctor. They told me that it got cured. I would never suggest anyone to Dr. Santiago for pregnancy, may be only for pap test/mamogram. 		4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	Switched to Dr. Santiago and really like her a lot! Took time to get to know me and I didn't feel rushed out of the office. Went over all options and suggestions and took the &quot;lets try the least invasive&quot; approach first.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
95	1	Dr. Santiago is outstanding!! She took the time to address my questions and did so in a kind and professional manner.  She exhibits high knowledge of women's gynecological issues and I would recommend her without reservation!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	Dr. Santiago was excellent. She has a great bed side manner and is very caring and concerned. She is thorough and listens to all your concerns and addresses them. I would recommend her to all my friends and family. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	Beautiful facility, lovely caring staff. But,  Lisa Samaha  attempts to gouge you by trying to manipulate and shame you into unnecessary cosmetic dentistry. I was given a quote of over 55,000.00! I am now seeing a dentist for a quarter of the cost. I do not want cosmetic work, just general dentistry.  Dr. Samaha is not comfortable with the  natural state of teeth; even suggestion that they are ugly if not redone via cosmetic dentistry.  Frightening and unfortunate thought process for a dentist.  Her staff is wonderful but clearly unhappy under her dictatorship. I have even heard her say cruel things behind the backs of other patients.  Knowledgeable yet greedy, backstabbing. I am not going to finance her gorgeous office space  by being coerced into tens of thousands of dollars of unnecessary work. I am however, willing to pay for quality work and reasonable overhead. 	5	3	2	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	Dr Samaha is in fact the best dentist I have ever been to. She is very knowledgeable and compassionate. Her staff is so supportive and sweet. I was treated like one of the family from the moment I walked in for my consultation. I would definately recommend Dr S to anyone who is looking for a new dentist. My only regret is that I didnt meet her sooner! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	Dr. Sailer has done more to help me with a skin condition I have had for 30 years, than all of the dermatologists I have seen. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	Dr. Sabharwal is very personable and extremely knowledgeable.  He pays attention when you tell him something and orders tests when necessary to check for/rule out different problems.  He keeps close tabs on my blood work and adjusts my medicine accordingly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	-1	Poor bedside manners,very opionionated and was not compassionate to my needs as a patient. 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	A very good doctor - spends alot of time with his patients.  Only drawback is that he is not punctual.  	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	1	Dr Sager is a thorough Dr. that truly cares about the health of his patients. He spends as much time as needed and never makes you feel rushed. He is easy to talk to and he is easy to trust.  A++ 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	1	I had Dr. Sager as my primary care physician for a number of years (until he left our UHC plan). I can't say enough good things. He had great advice; was easy to talk to; didn't ever make you feel guilty, but was careful to give you a good sense of the state of your health. Fantastic doctor!... wish I could get him back on our plan.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
99	1	Have been going to Dr. Sager for 20 years. Very knowledgeable and straighforward.  	 3/4/07		2	5	Insurance:Tricare
99	1	Dr. Sager is our family doctor, always takes time to explain and ensure understanding and a complete diagnosis. His thoroughness saved my father's life. He is the best doctor we have ever had. May run late, but worth waiting for. Really cares for his patients. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	Dr. Sager was extremely helpful and offered insight into my health as it related to my job. Provided me with more specific detail than I had previously had from a physician with similar specialty. Would highly recommend him, particularly to anyone in aviation.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
99	1	I used Dr. Sager for 10+ years ending in 2003. He is an outstanding, caring doctor who frequently runs late because he takes the time to explain what's going on in your body. As a primary care giver, I've never had better... I'm 61.  	 11/30/05		3	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	0	Was almost an hour late. Meanwhile, he had 5 people waiting for work-related physicals. 		1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
100	1	My daughter had a severe case of mono that lasted for 3 weeks during which time she had 104 degree temps and horrible stomach pains. After seeing other doctors in the practice, we finally saw Dr Sadak. She explained thing better, kept a watchful eye on her condition and provided excellent care. I felt like i had finally found someone who was really helpful and on top of her case.  	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
100	0	Wasn't nice at first. Doubts you unless severe. But good after she found what my daughter has.  Now I recommend her 	4	5	2	3 	Insurance:Aetna
