dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	-1	KATHLEEN M BAILEY MD- Was a MD I unfortunately had an urgent appointment with. She was the worst MD I have seen throughout my 21 years of being a patient at kiaser.  My whole family are patients at kiaser and have been quick to share my thoughts with them as well.  I was disappointed in the visit with her. She was very unprofessional and not caring at all. These are two of the few things I felt wrong about the visit. Very few questions were asked about my problem.  I was just referred to another doctor which I am thankful for. I was to make sure that she does not treat others in a disrespectful way that I was treated in the patient room.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
2	1	Dr. Barber always allow enough time to answer all your questions and address any concerns.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
2	1	Compassionate, qualified - great physician for women with gynecological needs.  Holistic practice, will recommend alternative therapies in combination with, or as an alternative to,traditional western medicine.  Dr. Barber is a jewel.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
2	1	Dr. Barber has been my doctor since I moved to Charlottesville in 2004.  She is knowledgeable, personable, and recommended a fabulous doctor (Dr. T) for my first pregnancy (she doesn't do ob duties anymore).  I wish she was my gp as I am most comfortable with her out of all my doctors. I would recommend her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
2	1	Dr. Barber is not only a wonderful physician but she is so kind and caring in her manner that it makes you feel very comfortable.  She takes time with her patient's to listen to their concerns and will go out of her way to help you in any way she can.  I would highly recommend her to anyone looking for a gynecologist.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	-1	Doesn't listen. Tried telling me that a problem I had was in my head. I went to DC to see Dr Andrew Goldstein where it was confirmed that I had a serious problem that required treatment. Will never return nor recommend her to anyone. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	My Mother went to this woman and the woman thought she had a protruding bladder and tried to fit her w/ a pesari.  She HURT my mother.   My mother went to another doctor - she has a PROLAPSED VAGINA - NOT A BLADDER PROBLEM! 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
2	1	I have moved several times in the past ten years and have had many gynecologists in that time. Dr. Virginia Barber is by far my favorite as she is personable, knowledgeable and thorough. A trip to the gyno is never on the top ten hit parade, but Dr. Barber makes it a pleasant, easy experience. She is concerned with the patient's entire well-being, not just with the reproductive organs but the health of the whole body and mind. I recommend her highly. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Dr. Virginia Barber is gifted. I saw her in 1994 for suspected endometriosis. I was 28 at the time and suffered incapacitating period pain every month. It was a nightmare. I met with her and she was sharp as a tack. She got me into surgery and confirmed I had the disease. I am 40 years old and been pain free every since her laparascopy. She changed my life. Affiliated with Martha Jefferson Hospital. She was a gift from God.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Dr. Barber has gone above and beyond the call of duty in treating me. She is always emotionally available, kind and accessable. When I had an abnormal pap test, she looked at it with the pathologist to make sure it was ok. I look forward to my yearly appointments as a visit with an old friend. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	. Great Doctor!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	-1	she is not real good you tell her that you hurt and she wants to set you to take blood duh! i came in cause my foot hurts.way out of sink just wants your money..  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
4	1	Dr. Bakhshi is a one of a kind.She is very professional and great at what she does.In my 54 yrs. I have never had a doctor that was so caring and concern. I strongly recommend her. My husband would never go to a women Doctor. Lol... When he seen how professional she was....1 Visit now a 2yr patient. Keep up with the good work Dr. Bakhsi. Mrs. G Jones 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
4	-1	I agree with the previous patient.  Their office staff lacks knowledge and I am constantly billed for things the insurance should have taken care of. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Dr B is knowledgeable, intelligent &amp; effective. Front-desk staff are poor communicators &amp; billing is seldom correct. Patients are not told of new policies/changes. Filling a prescription is a long, arduous, painful process that can result in missing crucial meds (blood thinners) &amp; meds you cannot just stop - they seem uninformed or disorganized.  Dr. B is a good doc, but her staff needs to get it together.  	1	3	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
5	-1	He could not determine what was wrong and would not give an insurance referral to another physician.  	3	2	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	Everyone was fantastic!  I highly recommend Dr.Barbash!!  I was very impressed from the start.  She is great.  As well as her staff, very professional.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
6	1	Very professional and friendly office.  Doctor was very knowledgable about my eyes and gave me an extremely thorough exam.  Would greatly recommend this practice to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
7	1	Dr Ball is a great doctor.  I have never met anyone like him with the concern and care he gives his patients.  I have been going to him 20 plus years and have always had the highest regard for Chuck Ball.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	great Doctor. He actually takes time to talk to you instead of rush in and rush out, which causes him to run behind. But a GREAT DOCTOR 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	In my opinion, Dr. Ball is well educated and informed. He has a fantastic  bedside manner and is and has always been willing to return telephone calls regardless of the hour or the day. He is an extremely busy doctor  but always takes his time to talk and answer questions that patients have. I have known Dr. Ball since the opening of his first office in Roanoke and and my children have grown up under his care. He has always been willing to hear their questions and talk with them. I would recommend him to anyone seeking a a careing and informed doctor that does not rush through the office visit. He does occasionaly run behind on time but if you want a doctor that takes his time and truly care about you then he is the one for you.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
7	-1	Would not talk to other doctors, and did not resolve the problem. I have suffered for years for the mistakes this doctor has made. I did not get my questions answered, my percriptions fill in a timely manner.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
8	-1	Possibly the worst fund of knowledge I've ever seen. Rude, stupid, and unacceptable abilities. Will never go to carillon er again. I feel like some of his comments were sexual too. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	This Doctor was extremely impatient and exhibited poor bedside manner. Appeared highly agitated  with the fact that he had to be working.Discounted my needs and concerns as a patient as if I didn't know what I was talking about. I understand that Dr.'s work long hours and are under stress however &quot;PEOPLE&quot; are not numbers and I felt like a cow in a cattle. Get em in get em out. To be exact. Did not even offer a referral after asking for one. I would not recommend this Dr.  to anyones pet! 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
9	-1	not an honest dentist.  I was told i needed work I know i did not need !! I was ripped off and it is impossible to get your money back !!! He should seriously be investigated ! do not waste your time or your MONEY !!!!!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	bedside manner could use an overhaul. He never said hello or introduced himself. Seemed to be preoccupied with other things, he sat down said open up and lets get to work. barely said 2 words to me then after it was done said I needed alot of work done. no way will I go back. His assistant Reggie was more friendly and calming then he was. Look elsewhere! 	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	Unprofessional on SO many levels. Horrible patient skills. Arms/hands leaning on my face. Water draining down my face and neck. Stained a shirt. Assistants do not care anymore than he does. Had to leave once due to waiting almost an hour for my set appointment. Deceptive business practices. Overcharged and then attempted to bill even more. I strongly urge you to look somewhere else. STRONGLY urge you ! 	2	1	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
9	0	Dr. Babiec has a poor chair-side manner that turned my teenager off.  He charged $3000 for spacers and would not credit or refund any part of the fee when she wanted to switch to Invisalign.  He claims this is the real cost of the spacers and the office visits are given gratis so we are due nothing back.  The office was unwilling to work with us so I am more than unhappy with their business practices. 	4	2	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Dr. Banaszak is a pleasant and knowledgable doctor. I wish he had a private practice.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	-1	Dr. Damian Banaszak has a terrible bedside manner, does not listen to the patients. He is rude and treats the patient like a hassle. During my examination in the ER, he walked out of the exam room and slammed the door behind him while I was in mid sentence explaining my medical history. This man is a horrible doctor and cares more about the papers he's going to write about different medical subjects then he does about the patient. First words out of his mouth, when I met him, was that he was planning to write a paper about the very problem I was in the ER for, yet he had no interest in listening to anything I had to say. He degraded me by telling me to my face that &quot;THIS IS AN EMERGENCY ROOM, WHAT YOU HAVE IS NOT AN EMERGENCY!&quot; I'm sorry, but chest pain with pain shooting down the left arm certainly felt like and emergency to me. I was made to feel like an intruder into his domain yet I'm certain he charged my Insurance anyway. Stay Awar from Dr. Damian Banaszak.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
11	1	Dr. Mana Badipour is the best dentist I have ever been to.  She is friendly, professional, always on time and most of all, honest.  I trust everything she says and never feel as though she is making recommendations simply to get money out of me.  I also like the promptness of my appointments.  Dr. Mana Badipour has never been late and I am always in and out within 30 minutes.  I would highly recommend her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
12	1	. good doc 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
13	-1	The doctor came in took one look at the mole in question and said lets take it off. It took about 45 seconds and he cauterized the wound.  No stitches to the quarter size wound. No follow up instructions.  After 2 1/2 weeks it is still a gaping wound and will take weeks to heal and will leave a huge puckered scar. I felt like he just couldn't take the extra few minutes to put a couple of stitches in it.  He hardly took the time to even look me in the face when he talked, which was minimal.  Horrible bed side manner and I have no idea how this guy could be voted one of the best.  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
13	-1	The wait time was inordinate - first in the outer waiting room and then even longer in the exam room.  Considering I have had 2 previous melanoma surgeries, the initial exam was very cursory - done by his assistant, not Dr. Bajoghli.  It was hard to get his attention - he had music playing on his IPhone wherever he went.  He never discussed my history with me.  He called me &quot;darling&quot; instead of learning my name. He did perform MOHS surgery on an area that I pointed out after lab results determined that it was a basal cell cancer.  The surgical results seem sufficient but my overall experience was less than satisfactory.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	Great Doc! I left Dr. Sawchuck, my other dermatologist because he was a rip off, wasn't very good, and the wait times were often 3 hrs! Dr. Bajoghli's office was almost next door, nice facility, clean, great care for my dollar, and the wait time was 5 min! What a good change.  Thanks! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
13	0	I had a melanoma and basal cell removed from my arm and neck by a plastic surgeon and went to Dr. Bajoghli to have him look at my other moles. They are extensive. After waiting in the waiting room for 45 min. he finally came in. He took a cursory look at me (glanced). &quot;Saw nothing suspicious.&quot; I had him look at a specific mole. He removed it and that was it. I fully expected to have a full body scan, under the circumstances. I feel like he rushed and was not thorough.  	3	3	2	3 	Insurance:Tricare
13	1	Can't say enough good things about this practice. I used the Consumer Checkbook to find a skin cancer surgeon. Had an excellent experience throughout the whole nerve racking process. Have already sent my family there. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	Hurried, little time with doc, little discussion, quick decision to surgery, no after discussion 	5	4	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
13	-1	My son had a severe rash and an enlarged lymph node the size of half a walnut on his neck. Dr Bajoghli misdiagnosed...Gave him steroid cream for the severe itching. My son was diagonosed with stage 4 Hodgkin's Lymphoma after 2 trips to Potomac's ER. My son went through 8 months of chemo and is now cancer free. I feel Dr. Bajoghli was rushed and is more concerned with cosmetic treatments and surgery than dermatology. I guess that's where he makes his money! He may be a good Dr. for cosmetic purposes but I feel he isn't for dermatology!! After my son was diagnosed, I got online and Hodgkin's patients sometimes do have an exceptionally itchy rash as well as  swollen lymph nodes. I was surprised he didn't know that! 	3	4	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	Great doctor with wonderful bedside manners.  Referred by my coworker and he has treated several people at work for skin cancers.  Both of my parents were referred to him by their skin doctor for MOHS treatment of basal cell cancers. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	The wait time can be unusally long.  I have sat there so long, I had to reschedule.  When I had a biopsy with the nurse practitioner, I was never notified.  I had to call and ask for the results three times.  The first two times, my phone calls were never returned.  After one month, and the third call, I finally received the results of a precanerous condition.  Even though the service is terrible, Dr. Bajoghli, himself, is extremely knowledgeable, and is the best in town.  	1	2	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	very knowledgeable doctor, he really knows his skin cancers and has great bedside manners. His staff were very helpful and kind.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
13	1	Good doctor and staff 	3	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	0	Dr. Bae was my doctor for about two years when I came in for a pregnancy test. She came back with a positive result and told me &quot;a baby is NOT A TOY AND YOU CANNOT RETURN IT TO A STORE&quot;!!!! How inappropriate and condescending!!! She treated me as if I was not qualified to have a baby! I was 25, married, with great financial stability (and even if I wasn’t) who is she to judge&#63; I will NEVER go back there. Prior to this incident, she was not too bad, but never really answered my questions fully which I did not see as a problem at that time. If you would like to be treated with respect avid this doctor. 	 2/9/12	2	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	Just came back from my and my husand's first(&last;) visit. Today, Sep 09 2011, as you know we've been having heavy rainstorms with a lot of road closure - but we did leave early, had to take a long way around, and called them to notify that we could be a few minutes late due to these conditions. They never said anything on the phone but to come on in, so we kept on driving, and arrived 10 minutes late.  AFTER filling all the forms, they told us that the doctor won't see us because we were late. WE CALLED TO LET THEM KNOW! If they had said on the phone, that we should reschedule we wouldn't have been this upset. This means that they didn't care to remember that we were the people who called that we would be late. And this is what they are like on our FIRST VISIT where they should make a good first impression&#63; Don't know about dr's skills(duh, never got to see her) but staff are very rude and unprofessional. WE AREN'T GOING BACK AND NOT RECOMMENDING THIS PLACE TO ANYONE.  	 9/9/11	1	1	1	Insurance:Aetna
14	-1	The service levels at this practice have been going downhill steadily. The whole office seems to be set up to avoid communication with the patient (customer). Callbacks are requested but when you call, the front desk puts you into a voice mail. If you call during lunch, you can't leave a message.  Had to wait at the pharmacy 1 1/2 hours while the pharmacist (!) called to confirm my Rx. Also, tendency is to order extensive (and expense) labs for routine exam of healthy young adult - but then you can't get the lab results because of the voice mail game. Have hung on for a few years, but have had it. Not returning, and don't recommend you go there. 	 8/4/11	1	3	1	Insurance:Unknown
14	0	Dr. Bae is a knowledgeable physician, and she does take the time to understand your physical condition.  The problem is that her practice is poorly managed.  Voice mail is the primary way that one interacts with her office, and call-backs are rare, if at all.  Wait times are very long, both in the office and in the exam room.  It often takes weeks to get in front of her.  While Dr. Bae is a solid physician, I could not recommend her practice. 	2	2	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	It's impossible to speak to anyone who can help. And, they won't discuss test results over the phone, but it's impossible to get an appointment because their hours are so restrictive! I went in with a fever and a swollen lymph node, and Dr. Bae ignored those symptoms and decided I must be pregnant - she completely ignored my fever and swollen lymph node. Then, she sent me for a pregnancy test and they sent me on my way without figuring out my lyphe node/fever problem - when I called back later to ask about what I should do about it, Dr. Bae told me that I'm not pregnant. NO SH*#! Hello, what about my fever and swollen node&#63; She doesn't listen, doesn't take time to do a good exam, and the office staff is less than helpful. Don't go there.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	I too am baffled by the negative comments. I have been a patient of Dr. Bae for 9 years and have never experienced any of the problems listed in previous posts. I was battling the flu last week and was able to get a same day appointment. She diagnosed bronchitis and an ear infection and put me on antibiotics right away. I don't have any chronic conditions so I generally only see her once or twice a year, but she has been very agressive in my husband's multiple conditions, scheduling follow ups every 3-4 months to ensure he is on track. We specifically kept our insurance to stay with Dr. Bae even though my company raised the rates this year.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
14	1	I have been a patient for many years and in that time with Dr. Bae's help I have gone from 280 lbs. to 220 lbs. and am able to manage my Type II diabetes, high blood pressure and cholesterol so well that she has taken me off of all diabetes meds and reduced the others.  I read the negative comments here and I just don't get it.  If you listen to her and actually take it to heart and are consistent then its absolutely clear that Dr. Bae and her practice are top notch.  She listens and provides a plan for wellness.  Also, its not hard to get an appointment.  She's so good that now my wife is a patient of hers.  I highly recommend her.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
14	-1	Not really impressed with Dr. Bae. Yes, she is friendly, but has not been helpful to me with my health concerns. She does not take my concerns seriously and it is hard to get real medical help from her. (For something like a cold or a twisted ankle, sure, but not for actual health problems.) Also, nearly impossible to get a same-day appointment - and the staff is impossible to reach as well without leaving a voicemail and waiting hours to be called back. Needless to say, I am looking for another doctor.  	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
14	1	One of the smartest GP doctors I've ever had plus exceptionally pleasent and professional.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
14	0	I liked Dr. Bae personally very much.  However, her general exam was the least thorough I have ever experienced (asked almost no questions), and she gave the most uncomfortable Pap smear I have ever had.  Her partner, Barry Byers, asked more questions on one visit to renew an allergy medication than she asked on what was supposed to be a comprehensive exam.  	4	4	2	3 	Insurance:Aetna
14	1	I was thrilled to find a doctor that actually listened to my concerns and made an action plan to figure them out.  Through a few simple things I am feeling 100x better than I had for a year. She is awesome.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	I've always found her to use a great combination of common sense and medicine.  I had high cholesterol, and she had me work out and eat better before considerig meds.  The cholesterol came down without the need for pills!  She has also taken a non-alarmist approach to other issues I've had.  She isn't one of those docs who just whips out the prescription pad.  She seems to take a broad approach to what ails you and what will make you feel better.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	I think Dr Bae is wonderful. I have been with her for several years. I also live in Rockville and travel to Falls Church for appointments. I recognize that other people have had negative experiences, but this is not the norm. I highly recommend her practice.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:MAMSI
14	1	I have always had good experiences, feel like she really listens and cares about me.  I noticed she also was recently listed in the Washingtonian's Top Doctors which is a nice honor. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	Dr. Bae was family doctor. I had to have an emergency procedure same day, at 4pm and tried to get a hold of her to ask some last minute questions. I left a message at 8AM and didn't hear back so I tried again at 2PM and was told she wasn't feeling well and I wasn't going to get a call back and when I said I would report her and got upset I got a call back from the office manager and he repeatedly asked about the nature of my procedure even though I told him it was private matter. He told me this is a doctors office and I could tell any of them. It was so rude. At the end of the day I had still not heard back from Dr. Bae. I had to contact my old family physician from my hometown to get my questions answered. I have never seen such a lack of respect for privacy or treated so rudly. We have pulled our files from her office and will not go back. I would definitely not recommend this practice. Dr. Bae could care less about her patients and the pratice is unorganized.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
14	-1	I was in her office one day with flu symptoms, high fever and ear ache. She sends me home with over the counter medications saying it was just the flu.  Two days later I am in the emergency room with an eardrum about to pop 	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
14	-1	I agree with another comment left on this site.  I think she was condescending.  She used herself as an example while providing me with some suggestions.  Which I think was horrible comparing apples and oranges.  Also could not provide with me with a needed prescription considering my current situation.  She seems like a very nice person but needs to separate herself when making suggestions.  	1	5	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
14	1	I concider Dr. Bae a friend as well as my doctor.  Their have been times that I have had to wait for my appt. for a long time, but she does listen and very caring. I see her more in town then in her doctor's office and she always listens to my questions even when we are not at her office. She has always been right on with all my chronic pain and I concider her as part of my personal health team. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	I love Dr Bae. I have to wait on hold for a long time to get an appointment, but that seems to be the standard at every drs office in my area these days. 	2	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Allison is an awesome docter, my mother and I both are her patients and we love her. Because I get sick quite often, i need to see her at least 6 times a year and I can always get an appointment the very next day if need be.  She's very caring and never ignores any of your concerns and I fully recommend her to anyone and everyone! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
14	0	I left the practice b/c I could never get an appointment. When I was sick they actually told me to go to an urgent care clinic b/c they couldn't accomodate a &quot;sick patient visit&quot; for 2 days! Appalling. And I also agree that the nursing and office staff are lacking in profesionalism. Dr. Bae is good when, and if, you can see her.  		3	3	3 	Insurance:Aetna
14	1	Dr. Bae is very understanding and personable. She explains any ailment that I come in with and answers all of my questions. I did not feel rushed in her office and had all of my concerns addressed. I too am a medical professional and disagree with the other person's comments. It sounds like insecurity to me if you have to judge a doctor and nurse's techniques because you feel you are superior. Dr. Bae has my utmost respect, as do her nurses that have also given me sound advice.  		4	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
14	1	Very knowledgeable and friendly. She helped with an injury 2 other doctors misdiagnosed.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
14	1	. Very knowledgable, treats patients with respect, excellent staff 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	-1	I wasn't very impressed with Dr. Bae. She's very kind, yes, but I felt she was very condescending. I'm a medical professional myself, and although I'm young, I feel I deserve to be spoken to as the professional that I am. She doesn't listen to me, and she's quick to just schedule another appointment and keep collecting my copay instead of addressing all of the issues in one visit; very inefficient. I didn't really care for her nurses either; when she took my blood pressure, I had to teach her how to do it properly. That's less then impressive.  		3	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
14	0	I waited over 50 minutes in the waiting room. They had asked me to be 10 minutes early on top of that. She was very nice but I was annoyed.  		1	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Fantastic and friendly. She takes the time to LISTEN and gets to know you.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Best doctor I've ever been to. She's helpful and knows what she's talking about, and is willing to joke around and put you at ease. The wait is about 10 minutes after arrival. She has really caring nurses, too. Prescribes generics and gives free samples to keep medicine costs down. Not overly crowded, I can get an appointment for the next day or the day after. I've never had a doctor as good as her and I'd never go elsewhere unless I moved. I absolutely adore her as a doctor, I've never felt uncomfortable and don't even have enough time to get bored while waiting. I’ve been going to her for about 3 years and see her maybe 4 times a year.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	-1	Always very friendly.  At one time I found Dr. Bakhshi and his practice helpful.  In the past few years, however, it seems as if I have to schedule multiple appointments in order to make progress or diagnose what is wrong.  Often I am left with the impression that Dr. Bakhshi sees so many patients daily, that he cannot make a proper diagnoses due to his haste.  He has good advice from time to time, but relies on overmedication instead of root cause identification.  Hopefully Dr. Bakhshi will see what he is doing for what it is - and correct it.  	5	5	3	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
15	1	Dr. Bahkshi seems to really care about his patients. He actually followed up an appointment recently with a phone call to find out how I was doing. Not a secretary mind you, but the doctor himself. 		5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	excellent 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	Broke my leg during surgery.  Didn't tell me and found out from another Doctor what he had done...STAY AWAY!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Outstanding Doctor and outstanding experience.  Highly recommended.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
16	0	Slow is the key word here. Have waited up to 2 hours to be seen. Have walked out before due to length of wait. He is a very nice doctor but the office should call patients and offer a reschedule if the wait is more than an hour.  	3	1	3	3 	Insurance:Anthem
16	1	I have had previous experience with this practice &amp; suggest early am appts. if possible.Waits recently have not been unreasonable-patients should understand that surgeons have in addition to office hrs. surgery, emergencies &amp; hospital visit(came every day). My questions were answered efficiently.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Medicare
16	1	Excellent physician!!  Very imformative and willing to explain every detail of diagnosis.  Office staff was also very helpful and very polite.   Will continue to use him in the future! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
16	-1	Doc took over 2 years to diagnose. Never explained that the aches and pains all came from a single injury. Just nodded and listened with no answers. Found answers myself online and found a new doc.  I'm finally getting some relief! 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
16	1	Staff is attentive but Dr. sometimes blows off simple questions. Don't question his skills but wish he was just a little more interested in what I have to say/ask.  	4	4	3	5 	Insurance:Medicare
16	-1	Dr.Adrienne Badar did not take xrays of my 4 year old son's entire arm and did not catch a fracture in his forearm.  Another doctor knowledgeable of deferred pain did catch the break 2 weeks later. My son had a break for one month before it was caught.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
17	-1	Bad doctor. Ignored his patient's concerns and questions. Cared more about seeing many patients than spending quality time with each patient. Forgot what the patient came in for and left the room in a hurry to see other patients. Avoid this doctor and practice.  	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Knowledgeable guy.Helped me after another Dr blew it.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
18	-1	Dr Barnes is a really nice guy, but honestly he has the memory of a goldfish. He wont remember medications he prescribed you only a month ago, and is often late to the appointment. I have to be on time, why arent you&#63; He's not a bad doctor, but certianly not the best...  	3	2	3	1 	Insurance:Anthem
19	1	This doctor is wonderful. I have a complicted case with my back. I am only 36 with arthritis of the spine. He genuinly cares about getting me out of pain, so I can continue to be a productive member of society. My general doctor gave up on me. I'm glad. Now I see Dr. Bakhit! He is more helpful than anyone.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
19	1	Have seen him for 6 yrs. Without his determination &amp; persistance I'd have been on disability by now. He's always willing to listen &amp; even try new things I've studied about (I'm very active in my care).  He promised not to give up on trying to find relief for me - and he didn't (I have been a complex case with numerous problems).  Best doctor I've ever seen - bar none.  I think too many people just want someone to listen (or to tell what to do) instead of realizing that this doctor, at least, knows more than you &amp; doesn't need to listen much to know what to do.  The proof is in the results - not how much one's back is patted. And the results may take more than one &quot;miracle&quot; visit, many give up on pain mgmt. after 1 or 2 visits.  In 6 yrs of near monthly visits I've only waited more than 15 or 20 mins. on 2 occasions. I would, and have, recommended him above anyone else for pain mgmt. He is gentle with procedures (many are not!) &amp; always talks you thru the procedure.  Great doctor.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
19	-1	he refused to talk to my disability lawyer. never knew how he was going to treat me, nicely or in a hurry to get it over with. 	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
19	0	I no longer see Dr. Bakhit.  I thought he was short, arrogant and did not take much time at all with me.  I too felt like a number. When I was hurting so badly, he was not compassionate at all. Just acted like he was there to put his time in but had little patience.  	4	2	2	3 	Insurance:Anthem
19	0	I saw Dr. Bakhit for about 5 years and mostly liked him,but he seemed to have split personalities,I mean you never knew from one visit to the next if you would get the kind,helpful and compasionate Dr. or if you would get the uncaring,cold,arrogant,smart aleck ! 	3	2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
19	0	I have been seeing Dr Bakhit for over 3 years now. He is more on time now than he used to be, but I don't ever chance it by accepting an afternoon appointment any more...  	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Anthem
19	0	I think Dr. Bakhit is a good doctor, but he never seems to spend enough time with me nor does he seem to really listen to me.  I feel like a number, not a real person who is hurting. 	4	4	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
20	-1	Had a horrible experience with Dr. Gregory C. Banks at Kaiser Permanente in Springfield, VA. Highly abusive, unqualified, rude, abrasive, and uncaring. Threatened to refuse treatment to me, along with the R.N. on duty, because I refused to step on the scale (this was for a skin rash that had nothing to do with weight). I am a healthy, normal weight female. Made me cry and have a panic attack by giving me an ultimatum - &quot;step on the scale and give me your weight or leave the office,&quot; essentially. I have never encountered such gross unprofessionalism or rudeness. Not to mention he was putting the health and safety of myself, a patient, in danger by refusing treatment. Sobbing, I asked for another doctor, but the woman at the front desk refused to switch me to another until the next day. At this point, hives had enveloped my entire body so I was forced to submit to Dr. Banks' wishes. He then spent a good 30 seconds assessing my situation and left abruptly. I was horrified and traumatized.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
21	1	Dr. Bade has rebuilt much of my vascular system and saved my life in doing so.  	3	2	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
21	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	The most amazing doc I ever had Smart intuitive warm energetic andpersonable want him 2 always b my doc 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Dr.G.  Bajwa is a truly amazing Physician! He's Board Certified, Knowlegeable &amp; completely tuned into his patient &amp; their medical needs! He is both medically astute, patient, intuitive &amp; caring! We find him to be light-years BETTER than many older burned-out doctors we have had the misfortune to experience that need to retire to keep from their medical practice! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
22	1	This doctor took over a retiring doctor's practice.  He speaks to his patients with kindness and shows a genuine interest in what they are saying.  You notice that he is truly listening, not thinking about other things.  So far, I have not been to him for any major illness, just routine check ups, however,  I have confidence because he asks questions and always answers mine.  	4	5	5	4 	Insurance:Anthem
22	1	I recently went to Dr. Bajwa after I found I had high blood pressure at the emergency room. He was very patient and thorough in his approach. After 2 visits, he got my blood pressure under control and found that I had high cholesterol as well. I feel so much better now and I'm really glad I found him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
22	-1	I would not recommend Dr. Bajwa to anyone.  My daughter came to him 3 times in the spring.  First visit for passing out--he referred us to specialists (He never reviewed the results of these referrals.)  Second visit for a physical.  Third visit for extreme thirst, using the bathroom and weight loss.  All three visits were within a 3 month period.  At the third visit, I asked for a blood sugar test.  He said it would be a &quot;waste of time.&quot;  He said to come back when she was feeling better to get a fasting test.  He said there was no way she had Daibetes.  (If he had reviewed the results from the specialists, he would have seen that her glucose was high months earlier.)  We went to the emergency room two days later and she was diagnosed with Type 1 Diabetes and was in ketoacidosis.  Of course, he is always on time and willing to listen--there is never anyone in his waiting room.   Please do not trust your loved ones with this man!!! 	2	5	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
22	1	Dr. Bajwa loves people, the most important quality aside from medical qualifications when I choose a physician.  He is an excellent listener and I have never had a problem arranging an appointment.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	Dr.Bajwa has been wonderful to me and for me.  He listens -- never rushes me and is always willing to try something else if I am having trouble with the medications I have been on.  I give him a very high rating.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
22	1	Dr. Bajwa is very friendly and listens.  I can always get a same day appointment, which is great! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
22	1	Dr. Bajwa is an excellent doctor. I'm able to get in to see him when I have a problem the same day. He's very quick in returning phone calls and refilling any prescriptions I need. Also, his staff is very friendly and helpful. Dr. Bajwa takes the time to listen to me when I see him and I never feel rushed. I would definitely recommend Dr. Bajwa to others.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
23	1	Best pediatric ENT out there. My son has been suffering with nasal congestion and nost bleeds. I went to several ent's but they just said to add saline drops and some recommended nasonex which made it worse and some recommended removal of adnoids. Dr. Bahadori did an endoscope which was very pain free for my toddler and ruled out adenoids and suggested some allergy medicine.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
23	1	I would highly recommend Dr. Bahadori. I bounced around from doctor to doctor trying to fix a terrible pain problem I had, before finally finding Dr. Bahadori. He was one of the only doctors who actually cared about my problem, answered all of my questions, and took initiative. Whereas most doctors I encountered seemed to want to kick me out the moment they couldn't find a diagnosis, Dr. Bahadori played the role of detective and managed to find and fix my problem (required surgery, which he performed).  Excellent bedside manner, very knowledgable, excellent Otolaryngologist! 	 12/16/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
23	-1	My son has been at his practice for tubes since 6M with now hearing loss and dr b looks at me amazed this happened- we go often yet he treats our visits like it was the first time we went there- . a friend had a similar doe in the headlights look from him when quoted back and calls him dr liadori. i also had an issue with my oldest (not evident til later) where he kept telling me that at age 4 he removes tonsils.. i had met with him every year or so asking him if my child's apnea (her waking up snorting 6+ times a night was an issue. liadori- forced me to wait until age 4 - after the procedure asked I about my youngest who has the same issues and he said- oh if they have sleep apnea we can do this sooner- we don't wait until age 4. WTF!!&#63;&#63;&#63; My oldest was 90% height - and sunk to below average.. my kid who had it done sooner is still growing at 80%..  as I learned- 80% growth hormones are secreated at night and if you keep waking up/apnea- less chance of develop- I'd stay away 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
23	1	Extremely helpful and excellent rapport with my child.  Put her at ease and was able to address the problem without any need for surgery. It was well worth the wait.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
23	-1	recommended surgery to remove adenoids for my son 2 years ago, and we decided not to do that. My son is doing perfectly alright and we are glad we did not have them removed. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Dr. Bahadori performed myringotomy (ear tubes) on my son at age 1. The surgery went really went. Dr. Bahadori was very knowledgeable and caring. The staff at the surgical center was wonderful as well. My son has been seen by several of the ENT doctors and nurses at Dr. Bahadori's practice over the last 14 months and we have received very good service and care. I would also highly recommend Dr. Belinda Mantle and Nurse Practioner, Nancy Burgett. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	We have seen him twice now for my son. We had two fantastic meetings to address my son's auditory needs Dr. Bahadori has a wonderful bedside manner.  In addition, he spent a lot of time with us, was patient, listened to us, and has good audiologists on staff.  I would not want to go anywhere else.  	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Anthem
24	1	Dr. Balka just recently joined Eagle Harbor Primary Care. She takes her time with you and orders the necessary tests when required. My only complaint would be she has limited office hours, so when you need to see her, she might not be available. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	I love Dr. Barakat! She is attentive, and genuinely cares about her job and helping people. I tend to wait everytime I see her but it is really worth it. She's just great...if you have an issue  then she is determined to get to the bottom of it and she actually follows up with you instead of just having a nurse call you back. GREAT DR!!! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	. very good family dr 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
26	1	Dr. Bajaj is the best combination of expertise, talent, compassion, respect, and sense of humor that one could hope for. Despite the severity of my cancer, we both laughed at some point during each of my appointments. His perspective is extremely valuable, and I highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	You can't go wrong with Dr. Bajaj. I went through extreme cancer treatment, and he was always ready with answers and suggestions when I had questions and difficulties (often). 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Dr. Bademian is a fine physician.  He is quite knowledgeable and communicates his knowledge well.  He involves the patient in his recommendations.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	Wonderful Dr.  ALWAYS on time.  Very caring and compassionate.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Secure Horizons
27	1	Dr. Bademian is an outstanding primary physician; he is knowledgeable, thorough, and communicates well with patients.  I highly recommend Dr. Bademian.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	. I think he's great, been going to him almost since he has been in the NDC group 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	0	 	1	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	.  	5	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	-1	. worst experience ever with all 3 doctors in this practice !!!! worst, worst worst !!!!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
28	1	I am surprised by any of the negative comments on here regarding this practice. My child was born premature and has been constantly sick in his first 18 months. Every time that I call, we are immediately able to be seen by one of the doctors in the practice. The doctors and nurses have called me back regaarding any questions that I have had, once they even called me in Hawaii to give me good news on test results. All of the doctors in this practice are very knowledgeable and professional. Regarding Dr. Banta being loud, that is just her. She is a &quot;loud talker.&quot; Some may perceive that as rude, but she is not that way at all. I have felt very pleased with this practice. We are probably in almost every three weeks since my son's immune system is somewhat comprimised due to his being born premature.  Highly recommend this practice over others! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
28	0	I went for an expectant parent interview and was disappointed with my experience. The location is great! It was easy to find parking. The Receptionist on the phone was good, nurse that gave me a tour was excellent, and then the doctor was an hour late. A few key highlights was that she talks very loudly - almost like she is yelling at you. They also do not allow you to space out vaccines nor were my questions about this answered in a helpful way. Instead I was intimidated and made to feel like a moron. They follow the schedule all the way. Dr. Banta also made comments that breastfeeding is very difficult and pushed the notion of supplementing with formula. I felt so uncomfortable that I can't imagine going to this practice with a newborn.  Too stressful! 	4	1	2	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
28	1	We've been seeing Dr. Banta for more then 5 years, with all 3 of our kids.  Our experience with her has been great! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
28	-1	I was very displeased with Br. Banta, not only was she rude and disrespectful but was rough with my son and also raised her voice at him when clearly he is only 2 and thought he was getting a shot and not just a check up, common sense for an adult but not a child. And my phone call was not returned from her to resolve this issue. Personal problems should be left at home and not taken out on the patients or there parents. Very disspleased with Dr. Banta. 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Dr. Banta has been extremely caring and concerned for my children in the years she's been their doctor.  She follows up with us and genuinely seems concerned for the kids' well-being.  Her front office staff is kind and helpful.  They treat everyone with respect and courtesy (as far as I have seen).  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	-1	Pediatric Partners is by far the worst experience I have ever had at any doctors office.  Very poorly run.  Every appointment was late, sometimes over an hour.  Never once did they appologize. They often had to be reminded of previous treatments and tried more than once to give my daughter the same innoculation.  Always in a rush to get to the next patient, they obviously overschedule trying to get as mony patients through the system as fast as possible.  Seemed far more intereseted in making money than caring for children. The only reason we stayed as long as we did was my wife wanted to have the same doctor for the first year, and that was a big mistake.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
29	-1	After work injury, baddar's clinic diagnosed bruises and scrapes. Went to a diff dr, 9 xrays and thorough exam show fracture and joint dislocation. Baddar laughed at that diagnoatic, then wrenched my injury around trying to see my 'range of motion'. I told him it hurt and he said, 'that's ok, you can scream in here, go ahead and scream. '  Beware if you are on worker's comp!!! 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
29	-1	He is very rude, he never looked at my ankle and i returned 3days in a row due to more pain. He laughed at me when i asked for a refferal.  	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
29	1	Does a very good job 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Dr. Halibut was so helpful and caring.  She listened to my issues and helped me make the right decision for my dental situation.  I'm so grateful I found her! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	very methodical,patient,caring,considerateand copetent.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	an excellent doctor and quite good looking.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:AARP
33	1	the best chiopractor i have  ever  been to. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	0	Dr. Badgen is never in, he travels a lot.  My child has been seen by his partner more than him!  His front desk staff is rude.  They are not customer friendly - closed Fridays, no weekend appointments, evening hours only one evening per week, office opens late Monday.  Not flexible at all!  I would not go back to him.  When he looks at you he sees $$$$$$$! 	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	wasted 2 years with this so called neurologist for my MS.He should stick with the sleep disorders.My records were incorrect no symptoms listed and he did not listen to me.I was really mistreated when I was there and on the phone. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	This man is a very poor example of who should not become a physician.  He doesn't listen to his patients and only hears what he wants to hear when the patient gives him her symptoms. The office staff is nasty and also not helpful at all. Don't waste your time.  Go to someone else that actually cares for the patient and not $$.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
35	1	I have never come across a doctor who is more articulate or fair than Dr. Barot, If you want help, he will help you. He is intelligent and communicates with kindness and transparency. It is obvious the patients who complain have their own issues.  How can you NOT like this guy&#63;&#63;&#63; 	 4/16/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	-1	this doctor might be educated but not knowledgeable with treating ms.I wasted two and a half years seeing this doctor who I thought was familiar with ms.The visits seeing him were all about 10 minutes long, if that and in that time I was never examined except for the first visit. He put on a good front and when I needed treatment he finally advised me to see a ms specialist and his nurse stated that all records were sent to new doctor. When I when for my visit with the new doctor three weeks later I found out they did not receive anything and when they called the office they got the run around 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	rare to see such kind ,polite and knowledgable doctor. he has a very imressive personality 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
35	1	Dr. Barot has been a blessing for me and my family. He has taken a personal interest in making sure we get the best care and helped me reduce the number of medicine I'm on drastically. I wouldn't hesitate one bit to refer anyone I care about to him. He's the best.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
35	1	very caring,competent and intelligent physician. He takes time to explain and also respects your views.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
35	1	without a doubt.. the best doctor i have ever been to 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
35	1	Best doctor I have ever had! Extremely intelligent, attentive, and very respectful, he explained things in detail and made me very comfortable.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	Dr. Barot is thorough, insightful, concise, and quite simply, brilliant. His affable mannerisms put one at ease instantly, and your care and well-being are truly his only concern. I've been under his care for almost a year now, and have no intentions of going anywhere else.  It took a number of referrals and a number of misdiagnoses to get me to him, and now that I am there, I have no intentions of leaving his care! 	2	2	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
36	1	Wonderful dental experience.  My husband and I had different dentists and were looking to switch as well as get our almost 3 year old, settled with a dentist.  This office came highly recommended to us so we thought we would give it a try.  The atmosphere is wonderful and the staff extremely pleasant.  They worked well with my daughter in being very patient and talking with her even though she actually did not have an appointment.  We were just orientating her to the staff, office, and the procedures with our dental visits for now until she is ready though they did take the time to look at her teeth to make sure there were no areas of concerns. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	My niece fell & knocked her front teeth backward into the roof of her mouth. Dr Barb went out of her way to find an oral surgeon. The husband/wife team who was on call would not answer the phone, & Dr Barb got on the phone herself on a friday morning & called all the off duty surgeons until she actually had two of them meet us at the emergency room to cut the teeth out.  Neither oral surgeon sent a bill. She is a very caring & capable dentist.She & her staff provide exceptional service. I would recomend her to anyone, but expecially to people who have a fear of dentists. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	A normal dental procedure became a nightmare. Advise and follow-up care and considerations were non-existent at best and in my honest opinion would be a 1. This would be my best evaluation. 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	The Best Dentist I have ever had.  Peaceful office, Informed Staff, Very Personable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	dr baicy is very nice, i met her when she worked at naubauer.. but her private practice hired a gargoyle to man the phones..she will not give you an appt on any day you ask for nomatter how far in advance you try...dr baicy if you read this...your office is terrible to deal with! 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	. Great Staff, Great Dentist!!! You should try them if you don't like your current one! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
38	1	I'm a cancer survivor and have been to hell and back.  Dr. Barlow handled my reconstruction with care he aimed to please.   I'm looking forward to seeing him again and will refer others, Thanks for making me feel like a woman again ! :) 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
38	-1	 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
38	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	I had been to two other  Gastroenterologist with no luck - then I was referred to Dr. Barkin and I'm so happy I was! He has a great bedside manner, makes you feel comfortable and shows concern, he was on time and did not rush through my appointment.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	-1	Dr. Barkin was very impersonable and I would never have someone with his cold nature do a colonoscopy on me.  I wish I had the experience the rest of you did.  He treated me coldly.  	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
39	1	I can't say enough good about Dr. Barkin.  He's personable and professional, has a great bedside manner and by all indications really knows his stuff.  The other Dr's & nurses in the practice are great, they work well together and seem to enjoy the office overall.  The only bad thing about the practice is the building/location.  Parking at his office is pretty bad and the elevators and small and slow.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
39	1	Dr. Barkin has a wonderful bedside manner and really cares.  I wouldn't go to any other gastroenterologist for my colonoscopy nor would my husband. 	2	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Very helpful and concerned.  Great colonoscopy.  Office less efficient but felt he listens.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
40	1	Dr. Barakat was wonderful and explained all my issues in my mouth to where I understood what was happening and what would happen if they were not fixed. I didnt get the feel that he was selling me dentistry as I did my last Dotor.   2 thumps up! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
41	1	I have trusted Dr. Banning for years with health issues & now bring my 16 yr. old to him. He is always kind & patient. 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	I was unable to get an appointment with my PCP on short notice.  I walked in and was seen within 20 minutes.  Dr. Barawy did not rush me in and rush me out of the office.  He and his staff surprised me in how thorough and caring they were.  	 10/16/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	I've been Dr. Ballew's patient for about six years. He's unfailingly polite and caring, listens carefully, takes my complaints seriously, is open to suggestions, doesn't complain if I've looked up symptoms and treatments on the internet. I believe him to be highly knowledgeable and have great judgment. I recommend him highly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
43	1	Dr. Ballew has been my physician for the past 12 years or so. He is careing, through, listens attentatively,personable and keeps me in as good health as he can for a 80 year old patient.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
43	1	I've found that Ballew is helpful. I've known him since his residency in Charlottesville, and he's been my doc since. I'm sorry the other person had a bad time with him, but I think it's an isolated incident. He always listened to me, and always looked for a physical cause, and never tried to pin my physical problems on some type of somatoform disorder.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
43	-1	Dr. Ballew suggested to me my illness was a result of being divorced twelve years earlier. He was so insensative and such a poor listener that I sat there and just cried. He called me three days later when my lab work was back and said to me: &quot;I guess you aren't crazy after all.&quot; This happened twice before he referred me to a specialist whose office called me the day they got my records because I needed to be seen asap. I would NOT recommend Dr. Ballew to anyone.  		2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	I followed Dr. Banerjee here, to her own practice at APEX Md from Stoney Point Womens health.  Dr. Banerjee is very caring and attentive.  You feel that her primary concern is not $ but your health.  She goes the extra mile.  I saw the value when I was her patient at Stoney Pt. VCU and when she left, I left. 5 stars for her.  She now treats my husband as well. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	She is has very good bed side manners. She listens to you and confirm her medical diagnosis with you. Shediscusses her treatment plan.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
46	0	Very unhappy.My teeth still hurt.Should have gotten another opinion. 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Dr Bala and his staff are top-notch!  His expertise, commitment to his patients, and chair-side manner are incredible!  I highly recommend Dr. Bala for both family dentistry and orthodontia.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	If you don't like going to the dentist but obviously have to...Dr. Bala's the office to go to! Honest, gentle and not all about money... so rare! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
47	1	Dentist is very knowledgable and compassionate.  He took time to explain treatment and why I needed it. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Dr Barmak is a great doctor - I have the utmost respect for him. I first met him about 25 years ago when I had an emergency situation. He didn't know me at all, but he opened up his office on a Sunday to treat me.  Most of my friends go to him now, too! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	Dr. Barmak is the only eye dr. I will go to. He is VERY knowledgable, and you will not leave his office without all your questions and concerns addressed. His staff is friendly and efficient.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	0	Older doctor, pleasant but condescending and lacks demeanor to effectively deal with patients as he comes accross as dis-interested.  		3	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	He will always be a hero to me!  The referral from another doctor came at closing time, and when we drove up he was standing outside waiting for me.  He spent hours with me, and then was incredible in explaining the prognosis.  The most wonderful thing: he copied me on all correspondence!  It wasn't just doctors talking to each other about me - it was full information.  I always wonder if the information sharing contributed to my excellent outcome.  I just needed to know what was going on in order to be an effective patient.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	Dr. Barazi is an excellent retina specialist.  He takes the time to examined you and listen to you and/or your family's concerns.  I would trust him with mine and any loved ones retina's.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	Dr Barazi is a wonderful, caring doctor who actually takes his time and explains things regarding your problem.  He actually cares and does not treat you like a number when you come in for an office visit. His hospital manners are awsome and I truely would recommend him to anyone needin his services 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	Best doctor ever. He has been my daughter's doctor since she was 2. She is now a young teen. His knowledge, sensitivity, and ability to follow through on a concern have been invaluable for her positive development. I would recommend him to anyone in need of an excellent pediatrician. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	We (my 13 and 16 year olds) have been his patients for nearly 16yrs. I reiterate the comments above. Would add that he is interested in and available to talk with parents and their children about any and all health concerns, including emotional issues. He is also a very well regarded resource in terms of being able to advise you towards specialists your child may need. Those doctors that you may contact with his reference are usually among the best practitioners in their respective fields, and try to accommodate your child's needs. Dr. Barakat is simply the gold standard!! We adore him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
50	1	Always extremely helpful and knowledgeable, sympathetic to kids ailments. Will see sick kids at the drop of a hat. Can't say enough good things. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	He really listens to what I'm saying about my kids and cares deeply about providing excellent care.  He always affirms me as a parent, encourages questions and is just amazing.  The whole practice is outstanding! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	Love Dr. Backer! I didn't realize how great he was until I moved to a new town and had to endure PAP's from another doctor. Very caring and such a nice guy! He definitely knows his stuff, and is very thorough.  **His license was NOT revoked, he just left his former company.   He's opened his own business now, still in Gloucester** 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
51	1	Dr. Backer was my gyn before I moved and I always believed he did a good job. He listened to me and gave me lots of information on anything I needed to know. Unfortunately, his license as a obgyn was revoked and he is no longer at his old office. I don't know what happened, but he was a great gyn to me. His staff was very friendly and would call and talk to me about any worries or concerns I had.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	Fantastic Doctor. Provided an exemplary examination to both my wife and I. Extremely knowledgeable in her field. Very satisfied. Highly Recommended Optometrist.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
52	1	Dr. Barnett is the most personable and personal doctor I have ever had.  Yes, her office is very small, as one rater commented. What that had to do with the quality of service and professionalism, I don't know. The first time I went in I realized I had mistakenly arrived on the wrong day. No problem!  The staff cheerfully told me they could fit me in and my wait was only a few minutes. Dr. Barnett had the most up-to-date testing equipment that I'm aware of, including equipment I'd never seen before. I was given a thorough examination, including a discussion of other medical and physiological information she gleaned from the results of my eye tests. No doctor has ever spent so much time talking with me, offering additional information, and addressing my unique concerns. After my experience with Dr. Barnett I will go to no one else.  	 8/3/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
52	1	This is without a doubt one of the best Eye doctors in the area. I was referred to her by a fellow co-worker.  I brought my father with me. Little did she know that he was a retired Optometrist who ran his own practice for over 36 years. He opted to receive an exam.  He was so impressed with her exam and knowledge, as well as her doctor/patient etiquette that he left with a stack of business cards which he plans to pass out on her behalf.  Thanks Dr. Barnett.  	 2/15/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
52	-1	I went to see Dr. Barnett because my eyes were red and itchy and she diagnosed me with pink eye.I couldn’t believe it, since I haven’t been exposed to any bacteria.So I went to Dr. Bleakley for a second opinion and he said that my eyes are simply irritated due to the new shampoo I recently started to use.Thank God I didn’t take Dr. Barnett’s prescription for pink eye.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
52	-1	I had to wait 30 minutes.  Then she examined my eyes and did not take the time to explain the results.  Everything was so fast, and there was a horrible smell in the office.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
52	0	This is my first visit and my last. The office is VERY small.  I waited for about 15 mins. She was very hyper.  I felt like i was rushed to get out of there.  I asked for the dilation eye exam and they said they don’t do that no more.  I need to use their device that takes a picture of my whole eye for an extra $30 dollars which my insurance does not cover.  She gave me a script and I was on my way. 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	Dr's equipment is current.  Office is very friendly and puts you at ease right away.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
52	1	Very knowledgeable in her field, friendly, not rushed.  Took time to explain results and pictures. Office seems to have the latest in equipment. Would definitely refer to other friends. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	she is Very understanding and kind. Good in her field. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	Excellent doctor, poor staff, appointment and wait time.  	1	2	3	5 	Insurance:Anthem
53	1	excellent knowledge and practice.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
54	1	Brian Baines is an awesome doctor in a time where he can still make you feel as if its a small town you live in instead of most that make you feel like a number.   Two thumbs up!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
54	1	Doctor Baines has been my doctor for many years and I really like him. 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	I have been going to Dr. Baines for years and have always been pleased with the level of care. Sometimes have to wait a while to see him, but never feel rushed or hurried through an exam.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
55	-1	very very rude didn't have all the facts before leaping to comdem I am an eldery person and have never had a Dr. behave in such a maner 	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Dr. Balint is very efficient but quick, and tells the situation like it is without trying to get you to rush into certain things. This is unlike many other doctors who push so they can gain money on new procedures. He is old-fashioned, perhaps, because he does not use email or internet- but I find this refreshing in an age when even doctors are so political and treatment is not at the standard is should be.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	Dr. Balint is very conservative and knowledgeable.  I see his PA, Deb Nelson, who is one of the best medical professional I have ever dealt with.  Dr. Balint consults with Ms. Nelson on my case, but Deb Nelson is extremely knowledgeable, takes extra time to examine and discuss issues beyond just pain management and orthopedic concerns.  Deb Nelson has gone above and beyond to help me get the correct medications for complicated medical problems. She calls, writes and communicates with my other Doctors, Specialists, Therapists, Pharmacies and with myself. Deb Nelson checks every detail and discusses all options with me explaining why she would like to take one route over another. Deb Nelson listens to all my concerns and works extremely hard to resolve complicated medical problems.  Her response to my messages is always same day and even through her personal e-mail.  She gives every avenue to get in touch with her and to help resolve immediate medical concerns.  	3	4	4	5 	Insurance:Aetna
55	1	Helpful, efficient, though rather arrogant. His PA Deborah Nelson, though, is absolutely fantastic, kindly, thorough, and painstaking-- I make appointments with her instead whenever possible. Happily it's a packaged deal, if you're his patient you're also hers. Office staff is kind of hit or miss, you'll either get very good service or a lot of rudeness, depending on the staff person you deal with. In any event, you won't find a practice more devoted to helping people in pain than these folks. 	 6/17/07		3	5	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Wonderful doctor; throught; great staff; attention to detail.  	 12/1/05		5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	-1	Went there for lower back pain she was recommended by 2 long time friends that are Doctors. I felt they knew her well and so I used her for 3 to 4 months. Seen her 3 times I think and a nerve Doctor 1 time that stuck pins in my right leg lol. She had to turn up the equipment all the way for one nerve to react and told me all is well just keep going to physical therapy. Oh and read the back to all new patients’ for a referral to physical therapy  as when I went there it has a disclosure that states something about the physical therapy is owned by her or she has a interest in it lol. I was going 3 times a week with a co pay of 30 or 50 dollars each physical therapy visit. What a waste of time and money she didn’t help at all. I wouldn’t recommend her to anyone.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	After 3 failed neck surgeries, I found myself unable to work.  Dr. Barr was the only one to understand that just because you look okay doesn't mean you are not in severe pain.  She  was sble to help me retire on disability.  Even though it took almost 2 years with no money coming in before my retirement was aporoved, without Dr. Barr it would never have gone through and I  don't know what I would have done.  	3	3	4	5 	Insurance:Medicare
56	-1	You know its no wonder our health care in the US is the way it is today.  You have Doctors like Lisa BARR claiming they are God's gift to their profession, but instead they charge THOUSANDS of dollars for rudeness, incinserity, incompetence, and they I AM STILL IN PAIN! Oh but wait, its my fault so I should take anti-depressants thats right!  God forbid you didn't help me, so let me rude to my patients and blame them for their pain.  UNBELIEVABLE! I will thank her for one thing.  I have learned to do my homework.  I would have seen soooooo many people on different websites talk about how horrible she is.....Dr. Lisa Barr...... Giant FAIL! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
56	0	Like many other reporting patients, Dr. Barr tried to suggest that I needed anti-depressents after being with me for less than 2 minutes.  She also did Prolo therapy( extremely painful and expensive)on my hip, before ordering an MRI that reveiled 2 slipped discs in my lower back were the source of pain.  Her PA saw me at 90% of my visits.  He also hit my tailbone with a needle (more extreme pain). 	3	1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
56	-1	If you plan on seeing Lisa Barr, think again. All you will see is her PA (nice name for assistant) Lisa will drop in for 10 seconds or so but thats the only thing going on there.  God forbid you want to see her, be ready to wait around for HOURS!!!  This visit will all start off with the great and courteous attention of one of the most straight faced individuals I have ever seen.  NO SMILE WHAT SO EVER....Don't think she has ever heard of the word....But hey, if you like this kind of service then go right ahead....I suggest you do a Google search on her before you make a decision.  Check out what tons of other people have said... 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
56	-1	First it is extremely hard to get an appointment even when you are a current patient. Wait time is long. Dr. Barr can be rude, and a patient doesn't dare question any treatment. Now you usually see her P A. She will override his suggestions when he is correct, because she does not have the entire facts, just a few minutes to make a snap decision. Over a time her patient care has deteriorated. I could not recommend her especially for chronic or long term pain management.  	4	1	1	3 	Insurance:Workers Comp
56	1	My relationship with Dr. Barr started out great and I just knew she would be my savior from constant back pain. She is an expert in her field.  After surgery, pt, and several other procedures I'm still in pain. She has stopped all pain meds but prescribed anti-depressants. I'm miserable. Calls to make appt. to discuss are not returned. When I do get to see her, she says the staff never notified her of my call. Dr. Barr seems to have become impatient with me and is sometimes rude.  I guess we're both feeling stuck.  I don't blame her for my situation, I just want some relief.  	2	1	3	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
56	-1	DR Barr was rude and unwilling to listen to anything I said. She refused to order tests to diagnose my problems and in half a dozen visits I had absolutly no pain management. SHe has no compassion for people in pain. She did a manipulation on me and because it hurt and I cried she wanted to put me on anti-depressants.. Come on now ..is that good medicine&#63;&#63; I think not..and I did refuse those. Then to top it off..accused me of abusing presciption pain meds..sheesh this lady needs to get a life. i don't think one Percocet constituts drug abuse.  Totally irritated with this woman.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
56	1	I have been getting Prolo Therapy. The treatments have only helped minimally. The pain increased continuously for 5 weeks straight and when I called the nurse I was constantly told that was normal to wait it out. Finally I went in to see Michael, who I see more than Dr. Barr. He said oh the Prolo treatments will not help this problem you are having now, and you need PT to help this. Dr. Barr has been out of town for 3 weeks so I can't get her opinion. How is Michael (who is not an MD) qualified to make diagnosis and prescribed treatment&#63; Willing to hang in here alittle while longer. Have a hard time getting hold of medical staff when I call in. I will say Dr. Barr is knowledgeable and feel she can help me in the long run. Don't know how long my therapy will last at this point. Trying hard not to get discouraged.  	3	5	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	0	I went to see her and saw the PA. She popped in for 10 seconds, and barely looked at me. The PA explained things well, but i went to see the doctor. Also had to wait 3 hours. Ridiculos. I am going to go somewhere else.  	2	1	3	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
56	1	Saw Dr. Barr over 5 years ago and I have been pain free ever since. She is great for pain management, but she was hard to get in to see. Waited for months, but now she has a PA. Also, if you begin treatment with her, you must stay with her--you cannot see any other Doc in the group. Why&#63; Don't know!!!! Very peculiar place, but saved me from agony!!! (neck&shoulder; pain)I highly recommend her or I hear Dr. Spear in her group is excellent without the protocol. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	EXTREMELY helpful in both diagnosis and treatment of a very complex injury resulting in chronic pain.  Would gladly recommend her to any patient suffering with pain! 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
56	-1	She performed a manipulation without telling me what she was getting ready to do and did not state what she was getting ready to do was not covered by insurance. I most of the time had to see the PA unless a procedure was being done. They pushed for a procedure that was not covered by any insurance, and when she finally examined me she said I didn't need it. If I had not demanded to be seen they would have performed it for no reason. 		2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Our family suffered tremondously when my mother was struck by a vehicle. Dr. Barr managed and helped my mother for nearly two years. She was so compassionate and astute. Her receptionists were very helpful.  I would HIGHLY recommend her to anyone!!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
57	1	she is the best, she is the complete package, worth every penny 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	0	Never on time. She is someone that is very likeable, yet I felt to be judgemental.  Although, would you take observations from someone that is her bi-polar patient&#63; 	3	1	2	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
58	1	Without question, Dr. Baer is the best dermatologist in the world.  Well, at least in Washington state, Florida, and Virginia.  I had so many issues with my skin - not only did he help me resolve them, but he has the best bedside manner.  Very kind, open, and even funny.  He shares about his own family and talks with you like a friend.  Very knowledgeable and has been doing this for so long, he knows exactly what to do for you.   5 stars for Dr Baer!!! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
59	1	Fantastic, knowledgable, caring and punctual doctor.  My whole family sees her.  I dont like the scheduling but I love her so I stay.  She is the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
59	-1	My husband and daughter were given Dr. Baines as a doctor when Dr. Kirdani left family medicine.  To schedule any appointment, it must be done the day that you want to be seen.  Dr. Baines does not follow up after urgent care visits.  I scheduled an appointment for my daughter's wrist to be looked at (looks to be a cyst according to nurse at school and urgent care Dr.) after a week had passed after her urgent care visit and the mass on her wrist had grown to 3x its original size.  They did my daughter's physical at the same time.  Dr. Baines determined that my daughter is not yet sexually active and her file already shows that she does have an OBGYN, yet Dr. Baines had my daughter show her that she knew how to place a condom on a rubber anatomically correct &quot;prop&quot;.  (My daughter was mortified).  Dr.  Baines then went on to say during this sex talk that she would rather have HIV because it's only 1 pill a day that you have to take than a preganncy because that's 21 years of bills!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	Extremely professional.  Consistent care with proven results.   Dr bach has treated me for back pain and sciatic nerve inflammation with gret results 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
61	1	I have always found the office staff to be friendly and attentive. They always seem to be able to 'fit me in' if I should call in. Nurse practicioners usually see me, but I could opt to see Dr Bailey..or have them ask for his opinion. I appreciate the staff calling me with test results. We are very fortunate to have this practice in such a rural area.  Great! 	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Medicare
61	1	 	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
62	-1	@17I had my wisdom teeth removed by Dr.Banker.1ofmy 3rdmolars was growing sideways and only thebottom2 needed removal, Dr.Bsuggested to remove all of them.I asked for gas anesthesia&he; said it was a routine procedure& not to waste my parent's money.He injected anumbing agent to all4areas he was about to remove,& pulled out my left2wisdom teeth without a hitch.He then sawed out my right3rdmolar which was sideways it took some time&left; for a lengthy phone call.He returned to remove the top last tooth the numbing agent had worn off and my jaw involuntarily locked.He acted like it was my fault telling me to unlock my jaw.He reapply the numbing agent he managed to get the last tooth out.I returned for a dental cleaning by an assistant and went into shock.Not only did I suffer physical anguish but the trauma of seeing the blood and teeth yanked out of my face scarred me for life.I'm28& still every time I go for a routine check up I feel anxiety&explain; why I bawl sitting in a dentist chair. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	My dentist of 30 years retired, and I went to Dr. Banker to take over my dental care. In several visits over the past year and a half, Dr. Banker has been most professional, courteous, knowledgeable, and engaged in my dental well-being. His rates are reasonable, and I believe he and his staff provide excellent &amp; comprehensive dental care. He always explains fully what he believes are in my best interest for care solutions, and provides the range of alternatives and various options that are available.  I give Dr. Banker and his staff my highest recommendation, without qualification or reservation. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	I went to Dr. Banker's office for a cleaning. When Dr. Banker checked my teeth, he told me that I needed four crowns replaced in the back. He was able to fit me in after lunch and took molds for two of the crowns. A week later he put in the two crowns...perfect fit. At the same appt. he took molds for the last two crowns. In a week, the second two crowns were perfect. I am very impressed because my last dentist would have taken much more time to get the work done and I usually had to go back for &quot;tweeking.&quot;  Dr. Banker's  staff has always been pleasant and very helpful. I have been very pleased with my experience with Dr. Banker and would recommend him to all my friends.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
62	1	Dr Banker returned my emergency call during non business hours promptly and professionally.  The staff made me feel very comfortable. It was one of my most pleasant dental experiences though I came in in so much pain. I highly recommend office.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:MAMSI
62	1	My family and I have been using Dr. Banker as our dentist for about 5 years. During this time Banker and his staff have been wonderful. Have had a couple dental emergencies and Dr. Banker and staff were extremely  helpful, even staying after normal  office hours to help.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
62	1	I really love the front desk staff. The Dr.took me as an emergency. Was nice of him to do because I was in so much pain. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	The office was on my dental plan. I was able to get an appointment in a week. I was expecting to wait for a cleaning. I had called four others and I could not get an appointment for a month. The hygienist I saw was very thorough. The office was clean and the staff was nice.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
62	-1	HORRIBLE! I cancelled the appointment before it started. The staff is rude and not smart. I moved so I needed a new dentist. I scheduled the appointment and should've known then that they were horrible. The staff couldn't tell me if they accepted my type of Anthem insurance. (My insurance company said yes.) They didn't tell me to bring anything for the appointment. I arrived and they were going to do x-rays. I asked if my insurance would cover it. They told me it wasn't their responsibility to see if my insurance would cover it. They got irritated that I didn't know the last time I had x-rays. They told me they would have to check with Dr. Banker to see if he could even do the cleaning part of the appointment without x-rays. They suggested I have my old dentist send them and then come back so Dr. Banker could look at them.  Like I was going to come back. I wish I checked this site beforehand.  Stay away! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
62	-1	Dr. Banker is an AWFUL dentist, and unfortunately I didn't realize that until I had a real dental problem since I had only seen the hygienists before then.  About a month ago, however, I went to see Dr. Banker because I thought I had something stuck in my teeth.  Dr. Banker was extremely rude and impatient with me.  He was having trouble seeing what I was referring to in my tooth, so he got very frustrated and started yelling at me, saying, &quot;What is the problem&#63; I can't feel your inside your mouth the way you can so you have to tell me!&quot;  Then he took a sanding tool and started sanding my tooth, without telling me why or what he was doing.  He then said, &quot;Is it better&#63;&quot;  When I hesitated in my answer because now my tooth simply felt different, he snapped, &quot;Well, it's a yes or no question! Is it better or not&#63;&quot;  The &quot;conversation&quot; continued like this for a few more minutes, until I finally left in tears.  Then he sent me a bill for $100 for emergency treatment.  	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:MAMSI
62	-1	Horrible customer service, unprofessional staff, unkept office 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
62	-1	worse of the worse, took all my money, and mess up my teeth so bad i could not fine another dentist to work on my teeth, got infected and to have all my front teeth pull after paying him over $20,000.00 for a crown bridge there.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
62	1	Dr. Banker is very nice, but everyone knows that unless you have a lot of work done on your teeth, you spend most of the appointment with the dental hygenists, so their reputation is important as well. I have seen both of Dr. Banker's hygenists and like them a lot. They are very thorough and pleasant and take the time to explain anything you need to know. The office is clean, although in an older building. The staff is also very nice and helpful. I couldn't rate Dr. Banker's performance on anything more complicated than a cavity filling, but on that, and on regular cleanings, I've been satisfied.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
63	1	HE IS A VERY CARING PERSON AND DOCTOR. ALL OF HIS PATIENTS ARE VERY IMPORTANT TO HIM. HE IS ALSO A VERY GOOD LISTENER, AND TRULY CARES. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	He was impatient, condescending, and often rude. He made incorrect comments about my condition.  	3	2	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
64	1	Dr. Banzon has been my doctor for about 15 years now and my whole family loves him. I have three children, two of which are grown now, and he was their primary care physician for many years; he has been seeing my youngest since she was a newborn. I can't imagine taking her to see any other doctor, as he has been a better doctor to her than any pediatrician has been for any of my three children. He's knowledgeable, understanding, compassionate, attentive, and he has always taken time to listen to our concerns.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
64	1	My husband and I have been with Dr. Banzon since he had an office in Stafford.  He is very matter of fact, but has ALWAYS been right about every problem that we have had. From reading the other reviews, the only thing that I can say about those comments are that most people will only leave a comment if they are unhappy, not when they are satisfied.  He is very current on the latest studies and if I come to him for a question, he always can recite which study I am talking about and give his comments/opinions.  I have recommended my Mom who also now sees Dr. Banzon and have told my 18 year old to also go to him.  After 12 years of being a patient, I have never, ever had a problem with his advice or diagnoses.  He really cares about his patients and has followed up with me with a personal phone call himself as well as having a member of his staff call on other occasions. His referrals to other Dr.'s has always been to top notch Dr.s and the outcome has always been exactly what we needed.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	-1	Never had a good experience with him. Continually treated without respect. He was rushed, hardly listened, didn't even pretend to take him time, understand, or even sit down. Very sloppy with his practice and frankly condescending. I don't recommend at all.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
64	-1	The worst experience I've ever had. He doesn't listen. He said some VERY rude things to me and I should have walked out. I will never return and I suggest you stay away.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
64	1	Dr. Banzon is great. He is very knowledgable and willing to dig into your medical problem. When he orders medical tests he explains why and how he will use the results. Once the results are in I always get a phone call from his staff letting me know. If needed they schedule a follow up with Dr. Banzon to discuss the results. By the way, he has a great sense of humor which is needed in his business as we all know.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
64	-1	This doctor doesnt pay attention when you talk to him or the meds that he gives you. He really needs to be mre carefull or he is going to give someone the wrong meds. I wont ever go back to him or recommend him.  	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
64	0	We used to wait for an hour to get in the office where we'd wait even more, but they made the wait much shorter. However, while Banzon is very kind and nice, he didn't seem very knowledgeable about much more than general problems a GP would see commonly and didn't seem to know what to do when I came to him with a complicated symptom. He also seemed very rushed. As if he had a time limit to our visits and just couldn't squeeze us in. He was all smiles about it, but he didn't even sit down to listen to us or take his time with diagnosing.  	4	3	3	2 	Insurance:Aetna
65	1	I've been seeing Dr. Barnes for 10 or so years. He's always been quick to diagnose any weird issue I have. He's a good listener too. Can't imagine going to another doc. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	-1	Elderly nearby neighbor of ours almost died.  She had prior heart attack many years earlier; saw Dr. Barnes recently with shooting pains down left arm, also complaining of general weakness; at that time he did not do EKG but instead prescribed pain killers, according to the elderly woman. She came back week or so later with same problem. This time Dr. Barnes did do an EKG, which showed heart attack. He told her she could wait until next day to see cardiologist and set up the appointment for her. Before sunup next morning she was rushed to hospital emergency room with another full-blown attack and nearly died there. She now is barely alive with only one artery barely functional. Dr. Barnes had been her family doctor for years. Cardiologist immediately took her off some of the medications she had been on, saying they could actually increase the seriousness of her situation. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	He has been my doctor for about 8 years now and he has always been helpful no matter what was going on with me. And he has a nice personality/&quot;bedside manner&quot;  too! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Fabulous Urolgist! Dr. Ball is extremely knowledgeable, compassionate, and dedicated.I felt fortunate that Dr. Ball performed my renal cancer surgery.  Follow up care is excellent and thorough!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
66	-1	I had a really bad experience with Dr. Ball. I was diagnosed with kidney cancer and was very upset about it, not knowing what to do and what would be the right treatment for me. He was very unfriendly, rude and careless. He didn't take the time to explain each of the treatment options. He is very unprofessional and I will not recommend him to anyone. It's better to find another doctor who listens to you, care about you and treat you in well manors! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Checked me for repeated bladder infections.  Told me how to treat it and that the patient only has to take antibiotics for 3 days not 10.  Husband has prostate cancer and was given a thorough discussion of the treatment, the workings of the male organs, etc.  Very knowledgable and personable Doctor.  You have to wait a bit in the office but it is well worth it. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	. Dr Ball is amazing and compassionate! He listened to my concerns and was very helpful in explaining the procedure to me, in spite of my many questions! His staff was also great! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
66	-1	Rude, incompetent and careless. I had a procedure for frequent urination. The syntoms got worse after Ball's Green Light Laser procedure. After serveral visits (all follow up charged for of course) he told me to ask for a second opinion. This kind of doctor can only practice because the country has fewer MD's than it needs. We need more doctors so the competition will weed out people like Ball.  	5	5	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
66	1	Dr. Ball has been my urologist for more than 12 years.  Apart from being friendly and engaging he is also one of the best doctors I have seen.  He discovered my bladder cancer about 5 years ago and was very aggressive in treating it.  I have been to his office more than 50 times for checkups and cancer treatments. I have also undergone surgery for both the bladder and recently for my prostate.  I feel lucky that Dr Ball is my doctor.  Many patients complain that the office backs up.  What they don't realize is that there are a lot of emergencies that the doctors and nurses have to handle.  Be patient.  If you want the best, you sometimes have to wait.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	He is just great ! Has wonderful bedside manner with great personailty. Always will return phone calls. He preformed surgery on me at INOVA Fairfax Hospital and all the nurses there reccomend him highly. He is very up to date on new Urologic Surguries He is just great ! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	The most knowledgeable physican I have seen in a while. He was very outgoing and friendly as well as very knowledgeable about everything Urology. He is very prompt on returning phone calls and very good surgeon at Inova Fairfax as well 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	This doctor does not accept patients. She is a medical officer at the DEA apparently and only works with federal special agents. dont waste your time calling the above number 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Fantastic doctor. Explained things clearly. Extremely knowledgeable and caring.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
68	1	The best doctor my parent and I ever seen. we wish he was a Internal medicine extremly knowledgeable,very kind,very professional,and pleasant.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
68	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	I have gone to Dr. Balian for years.  He is an awesome dentist and the staff is great.  He is very knowledgeable and explain things fully.  He also has a great personality that makes you feel comfortable.  They do everything to avoid discomfort of any kind - That is EXCELLENT to me...  If you have ever feared going to the dentist (as I used to), try Dr. Balian!  They work well with my insurance.   I recommend him 100%! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
69	1	Dr. Balian is a wonderful general dentist - he is honest, does great dental work and has an exceptional personality.  Dr. Balian's staff has been with him for many years which I have found to be a pretty good measure of a physician/dentist - those with &quot;revolving doors&quot; of staff tend to have issues.  His dental assistants are exceptional - they are kind, warm and very friendly.  His front desk personnel do not have the warm, bubbly personality of the rest of the staff, but they are efficient and cordial at least.  I find that Dr. B is on time with appointments.  I would definitely recommend him to a friend. 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	-1	All the staff there is great other than him. Very disrespectful and rude. Doesn't care about the patient's concerns at all. Would rather you &quot; keep an eye on things&quot; than try to help you.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
71	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
71	0	I have seen Dr. Bahadori twice and I will not go back. I was just diagnosed with RA and he would not allow me to ask questions, instead he just slipped out the door. He does seem knowledgable and I'm not apposed to his treatments, but he could spend a lot more time talking and explaining. He also didn't instruct me to get bloodwork before my next visit, I had to learn everything from the receptionists who were glad to answer my questions.  	4	4	2	4 	Insurance:Anthem
71	0	This dr. could work on his bed side manner.He seems knowledgable, but if you want answers you have to be the one doing all the talking.  	3	5	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	Nice Dr., but Make sure you ask questions because he will not ask you if you have any. Sometimes getting a word out of him is like pulling teeth. Once you get it out of him he's very knowledgeable.I've been with him for years, but I'm thinking about seeing another dr.I feel like I need more feedback, and he doesn't communicate with my other dr.'s, and that is important since I have a chronic health condition. Staff is nice. No long waits.  	5	5	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	0	This office has the worst customer service I have seen from a medical office. The doctor leads this and promotes it as I have spoken to him concerning obtaining medical records. I needed the records for my daughter and we were under a time restraint. I called planning to be nice and inquire about the delay and see if there was anyway he could sign off on the release sooner.  He told me he had 15 days due to virginia law. He also told me I was not worth his time. His time was too valuable to talk to me and I could deal with his office manager. Please do not use this office. Go to Richmond if you cannot find another oral surgeon in fredericksburg. Its not worth your time or money to promote this type of service. 	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
73	-1	My son's dentist sent us to Dr.Bailey for wisdom teeth extraction.  After I arrived and filled out all the paperwork, the office manager came into the waiting room to advise me that Dr. Baily will not treat Asperger's patients because of possible side effects of the anesthesia. I found this to be completly unprofessional..the waiting room shouldn't be used for that. Don't go here if you have a special needs child like mine.  I did find another oral surgeon in this area that is &quot;willing&quot; to perform the surgery on my child.  If they had even asked me, I would have told them that he had no reaction to anesthesia on the two occasions it was needed :( 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
73	0	I had a chain attached to a reluctant tooth, and while the surgery went fine, he wasn't very good at dealing with people. I had a bad reaction to the anasthetic, and started hyperventilating as I woke up, and he had a nurse hold my head down on the chair as he yelled at me to tell me I was &quot;making things difficult&quot;, all the while failing to realize that every time he spoke, I just freaked out more. Good surgeon, bad with patients. 	4	4	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Dr. Bailey removed 4 impacted wisdom teeth from my teenage daughter in December 2010 and I had 4 removed myself from him, just last week.  I cannot say enough good things about Dr. Bailey and his staff!  Neither my daughter or I needed anything stronger than an advil after the first day!  He called to check on both of us the night of surgery and again the day after!  They are professional, courteous, knowledgeable and friendly!  I wish Dr. Bailey could be my doctor for EVERYTHING! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	-1	DO NOT GO HERE. This dentist is very unprofessional and rude. He got on the phone and threatened me when I called to cancel an appointment. Very strange for a professional to talk to patients this way. Not anyone you would want around your children. Scary man.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
73	1	Young Doc VERY thorough,knows his stuff!!! Dual degree DDS and MD University of MD. grad. Very Helpful Office Staff,knew their stuff about insurances. Office Manager has well over 20+years in medical.  Would recommend to all my freinds! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
74	1	. Phenomenal dentist and person! Love the atmosphere in her office! Highly recommend her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	Dr. Dina is THE best dentist I've had.  And I don't say that lightly.  I've had a lot of dentists in the past.  I haven't had a dentist I've been this comfortable with since I moved to the area more than 10 years ago.  Just top notch all around, and doesn't try and rip you off. Very straight forward with her assessments, and good pricing on products compared to others in the area.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
74	1	My insurance doesn't pay squat but I'd rather have a good/great dentist than one who is cheaper and their work reflects that.  She is very meticulous, caring and thorough.  I would highly recommend her to anyone--no qualms.  She is excellent with the elderly, children, handicapped....the entire spectrum of patients.  My periodontist thinks she is the best in the area.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	Dr Bambrey is the most knowledgable dentist I have ever had in my life. She is very friendly, warm, and fun. She downloads your xray films to her computer and then shows you your teeth on the flat screen TV right in front of you, showing you any areas of concern. She keeps abrest with medical/health updates about oral hygiene and the related diseases linked with poor dental hygiene. She genuinely cares about each patient and wants to help improve their health through her dental practice.  Excellent dentist!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
75	1	Takes only GYN patients.  Many years of experience.  Gentle nature. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	Dr. Barnes has been treating me for over 7 years now.  He has been invaluable to keeping me on the workforce and able to maintain a normal life after serious back injuries.  Due to travel issue I must now find a new chiro.  I will miss Dr. Barnes knowledgeble and caring demeanor.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	1	My family has been going to Dr.Bang for years.  We are very pleased!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
77	1	I've been through several dentists trying to get a tooth done right. He finally was able to do it where others had failed. Nice job. Great staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
78	1	Dr. Bakhshi is a wonderful doctor. He is extremely intelligent and genuinely cares for his patients. I am very fortunate to have him as my doctor. I can't wait for him to start practicing medicine again this year.  Akbar needs to GO!  He has no patience and doesn't know or care what he's doing!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
78	1	Dr. bakhshi is a good doctor we alway wait for him to come back! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
78	1	Dr.B is a wonderful doctor. He is bright and has helped many of my family members become well again.  If you don't get what you need from a doctor then you need ask the doctor when you don't understand or get what you want from him.  Don't go talking about him when you don't know what's going on with his business. God is good. If you believe in the lord then  let him judge. Small town gossip grows like CANCER. Especially for those indivuals that don't even go to the doctor. THIS IS SICK.  	5	3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	Good Doctor. Friendly staff. I dont get the reason y people are saying he over prescribes or says hes a legal drug dealer. First of all do you guys know all of the patient records&#63; Second of all who makes money off over prescribing or giving pain medicines, obviously not him. This would make sense if he actually owned a pharmacy bottom line is he has no drugs to sell in the first place. If a doctor has evidence his patient is in pain its there job to help people. Its law enforcements job to go after the druggies not honest doctors that saves lives on a daily basis. And If he has patients that deceive him, whose fault is that, its a messed up world we live in today that a patient lies and fakes to get prescriptions but but the blame were it belongs. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	0	Never checks overall health. Doesn't like to touch you. Give gives you a prescription for everything without even checking out your problem. Over prescribes pain medicine. Most people going to him are there for pain medicine. Gets people addicted but doesn't help get their problem fixed so they can stop taking it. Never follows up on medical problems, just continues giving pills. Waiting room is standing room only most of the time. Waits of anywhere from 1-1/2 hours to 4 hours.  	2	1	2	3 	Insurance:Anthem
78	1	i think he is a great doctor. he doesn't over prescribe..more like under prescribes.. hes great and i think i'd never switch doctors ever. A+++ if you want to be in great health. i give him gift baskets for x mas every year.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	0	THIS DOCTOR OVERMEDICATES,HE HAS 80% OF HIS PATIENTS ON PAIN MEDICATION.OR ANTI DEPRESSENTS.HE IS A LEGAL DRUG DEALER.  	1	1	1	5 	Insurance:Anthem
79	1	very thorough and caring.ries to spend tie to explain problems and rx.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
80	-1	Very condescending and arrogant. Was in office for crawl out of your skin back pain. After rubbing my back a few times and said i had a strained back. Prescribed me anti inflammatory, nothing for the pain. When i inquired about pain meds he gave me a look of suspision. Have not nor will not see this charlaton again. Oh and he could use a couple breath mints.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
80	1	Awesome MD.  Dr. Barbano takes the time to hear our concerns and discover what is causing the problem.   When we've been sick we have had a same day appointment each time! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	Great doctor in every aspect.  His diagnosis saved my life and on another medical matter, that of my girlfriend.  I recommend him t to friends and family.  Very thorough and refers, if necessary, to other excellent doctors.  He is very professional, knowledgable, and spends the appropriate amount of time with me during each visit over the 6 years I have been seeing him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
80	1	Dr. Barbano has been my PCP for many years now.  He is very thorough, knowledgeable, and caring.  Even though he is extremely busy, he manages to listen to all my concerns and address them always.  He is not rushing you out.  Being an Internist in my opinion is one of the most difficult jobs because you have to be well versed on everything and he is!  I highly recommend him and have sent many family members there already.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	He's been my primary care dr. for 7 yrs.  I've sent friends, my spouse, and my son to him also and they all have had good experiences and chose him as their primary care dr.  He is very thorough and conservative in approach, often recommending that I see a specialist to get something checked out. Only negative is that he does not admit patients to the hospital, and I did not like the dr. he chose to admit me to Alexandria Hospital.  But Barbano is the best I've ever been to, and I am a nurse so I know what to look for in a primary care dr.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
80	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Barbano's since I moved here from another state 6 years ago. He was recommended to me by a friend and I am so grateful to her for that recommendation. My main health problem is high blood pressure but I am also a cancer survivor (17 years now) so want to stay vigilant in that regard. I feel very comfortable with Dr. Barbano's knowledge, his caring manner, and yes, even his nagging about various things. He amazingly adept at dianosis and I have always really liked the physicians he referred me to when needed.  Great doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
80	1	Dr. Barbano is the first doctor I have EVER been to that I feel really pays attention to all of my concerns. I am a big worrier when it comes to my health and he doesnt brush my concerns off like other doctors have. He is amazing, I am definitely staying at this office.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	-1	Horrible, sadistic doctor.  I went to him the first time because he was on my plan.  He insisted on doing an &quot;internal&quot; examination even though I explained I had a gynecologist. It was thoroughly embarrassing! The second time I went to him, I had torn a thigh muscle and was crying  in excruciating agony. The nurse told him several times I was in the waiting room, and yet he kept on blabbing cheerfully to another patient.   Barbano kept me waiting for more than an hour and when he finally saw me, he refused to give me anything for the pain.  I should have gone to the emergency room!  Finally, he is unkempt -- he had mud on shoes which was a total gross out.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	Dr. Barbano is excellent. He is very caring and attentive to his patients. There is never really any wait time and he is able to squeeze you in for last minute appts. The first time I saw him was for an emergency appt as a new patient, he was the only doctor willing to see me. He always remembers my medical history and my name when I go to see him even before he looks at my chart. He listens to any and all questions/new problems I may have and advises on each of them without hesitation. He has his own private practice which is small. The staff at times can be off putting but seem to be getting better. They call with test results in a timely matter. I've called for advice many times and a nurse is always available to answer questions, many times the Dr. himself will return my call and answer my questions which is great.  I would recommend Dr.Barbano to all.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
80	1	Dr Barbano has provided sincere and thorough medical advice and care over the years he has been my primary doctor.  He listens to questions with interest which is not as common as it used to be in the medical community.  The practice has grown since I first began seeing Dr Barbano and wait times for appointments have increased somewhat though the office does try to fit sick patients in the same day if possible.  The staff has changed from a more personal style which I prefer to a more formal way of speaking to patients, but that can happen as a practice adds patients.  Staff members have always been courteous and helpful in my experience.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	Very conservative approach lead to discovery of cancer and effective early treatment that saved my life. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	Dr. Barbano is very knowledgeable and extremely thorough (sometimes too much so--I do get nagged a bit but I need it!) I have been seeing him for high blood pressure issues mostly but he has also helped me with other more minor things and is always interested in my entire well-being. He is thoughtful, caring and does not mind spending time to answer questions. I have found his staff very helpful. I just wish there was someone there who could get a &quot;hard stick&quot; when it comes to drawing blood. I always have to go to an outside lab for blood work.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
80	1	We have been going to Dr. Barbano for three months and have seen him several times for a variety of issues. He's very knowledgable and thorough. He's willing to squeeze us in on short notice. When we are squeezed in, sometimes we have to wait but we don't mind at all. To our surprise, we have also enjoyed working with all of his referring physicians. His office staff is very competant and friendly. And unlike our previous family physician, he is willing to address all the issues we bring to his office. Our last physician would only speak to us about one issue per appointment. His office also accepts several different kind of insurance, which many offices are narrowing down. My backround is in nursing and I'm a picky patient. We will stick with this office.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
80	-1	When he is unavailable there is often no backup. Office often does not return calls. Front desk not very polite or patient service oriented. This doctor is actually very bright and well versed... but he has not set up an office staff that is efficient or polite. This doctor would be better in a group practice with efficient office management.  		4	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	. Amazing doctor he's Been my doctor since I was born and I would recommend him to anybody! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
81	1	Excellent doctor. Listens well and takes the time to answer all questions.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
81	1	Dr.Badillo Is kind respectful and listens to you. He carrys on conversation and he cares for you always greets with a smile. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	Caring Doctor.  You feel a little rushed at times.  Dr. B takes the time to listen.  	2	3	4	3 	Insurance:Anthem
82	-1	This guy is a drug-pushing quack.  He must be seriously on the take from the drug companies because all he does is push pills on his patients and not listen to a word that they say.  And God forbid you question this jackass's judgement.  Then he is just cruel. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	I do not live anywhere near Dr. Banaji's office but drive my three children there twice a year for 9 years because I have been so happy with him.  With regard to some of the comments, I have never felt pressured for unnecessary or additional services.  I have wanted to get the custom mouth guard and my 5 year old's front tooth fixed but Dr. Banaji has made several goods points about it being unnecessary and a waste of money at this point in my children's development.  I am always asked if I want a service - x-ray, panoramic x-ray before the service is performed.  Every procedure is explained to me.  I wonder if some of the negative comments come because people are not listening when the staff discusses the issues with them. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	Dr Banaji is an excellent and professional pediatric dentist. He is kind and nice to my children, they love his office. He explained in detail all procedures before he carries them out, and makes the kids comfortable. He even came out at 10 pm one night to extract my son's teeth because he damaged them in an accident.  He is the best and I recommend him highly 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	Dr Banaji was recommended by several people in my mom's group. We received outstanding service for our three children! The office is highly efficient and the assistants are cheerful and kept our children very comfortable with the procedures throughout the appointment. Dr Banaji's name also appears in the Washingtonian and Consumer's CheckBook. Top notch office.  Our overall opinion - HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
83	-1	I'm glad i found this RateMD thing.... I had taken my child to Dr.B I thought he was great at first, but it was cuz i didnt get to in with my son while the dr treated him..... fianlly on his late apt. i went in with my son only to find out they had not given my son anything to relax him. he was getting a cavity filled. the doc was yelling at him!!! and finally STRAPPED him down to a board saying it was for his own safety.... while my son was crying and yelling at one point the doc STUCK THE DRILL RIGHT THREW HIS TOUNGE!! .... i asked if thats normal I called INS on him and he diened EVERYTHING!!! DEFENITLY not a good pediatric dentist!! my child is now TERRIFIED to go see a dentist. 		5	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	Eventhough some staff members processing billing seemed rude when you ask for explanation of charges(that is patient's right after all), Dr. B is very good and provides through work. Excellent dentist otherwise.  		4	2	5 	Insurance:Aetna
83	1	Dear Friends: I have taken note of the positive as well as negative comments on this particular website. For the positive comments: My staff and I sincerely thank our loyal patients and their families. Regarding the negative comments and concerns: Actual patients of our practice with genuine concerns are requested to contact Dr Banaji directly, via email at drbanaji@aol.com or via phone at 703 849 1300. I will personally address all your issues. However, if these negative comments have been posted by an individual other than my actual patients, you are requested to kindly stop your unprofessional conduct, for the benefit of all concerned. You too are requested to contact me to address any issues you may have - at a personal or professional level. Thank you very much for your cooperation. Sincerely, Dr Banaji. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	0	Dr. Banaji called me after my son's procedure and asked me how he was...the phone call lasted two minutes and was vauge...He charged me $90. He also has a special handling charge of $70 because he said he let's the kids be treated in a special room. My insurance said they had never seen such chargs. Other dentists in the area do not charge special handling charges. He orgininally said my son had X amount of cavities and then said they took x rays and found 3 more. He never came out or the dental tech never came out to tell me about this...they told me after the fact.  		5	3	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
83	1	Dr. Banaji is extremely kind and attentive. He does not rush his explanations or treat either child or parent with anything but the utmost respect. I never feel pressured by him in any way. When he left another local practice we searched for a considerable time to find his new office because we appreciated his care so much. I recommend him highly. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	Great Staff! I was referred to Dr Banaji by my family physician and my family dentist. I am grateful they referred me because I am so happy with the care received for my daughter. He discussed many important things about children's diet and its impact on dental and overall health. I recommend him highly to my friends and neighbors in Falls Church. Thank you. 		5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	Dr. Banaji is a Pediatric Dentist, whom we take our child to. Although he is very thorough with procedures, I do not agree with some of his philosophies. Be warned that he is NOT afraid to use papoose boards, and is very pushy towards parents with unnecessary procedures. 		5	4	3 	Insurance:Unknown
84	-1	When told my children had been taken from me without legal reason the doctor said, &quot;It might be God's Will&quot;  for me! I had been going to this person for years with my children and he knew the father had been abusing me for years. 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	Great doctor who really listens. He is a thorough doctor whose main interest is overall healthiness. Sometimes you may have a little wait, but you can be assured that you will have ample time with Dr. Bain. His staff is just as helpful and knowledgeable. I would definitely recommend. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	Excellent Physician, very thourough, looks out for overall health.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
85	1	Dr.Balderston is an excellent and compassionate physician. She takes time to listen to your concerns and asks questions to assertain information for a correct diagnosis. I have been a patient of hers for ten years and have never had a compaint.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
85	1	You might have to wait a little to see the doctor but it's worth it.  She takes her time with you.  	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Anthem
85	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Balderston for over 6 years now. . she is downs to earth, listens to you and takes time to actually sit down and talk to you about your health and what is going on in your life.  She is very educated on the new medical findings in medicine, care etc. I cannot recommend her enough if you are looking for a Dr. that treats you as her &quot;patient&quot; not a number or dollar amount.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
85	1	I've had her for over three years now and she has always been very courteous to me and always works with me regarding my concerns.  Her office staff almost always call me back and they've worked many times with me on refills.  More importantly, she has not ordered unnecessary tests or anything I didn't request.  After 20 years with insensitive and, frankly, uncaring Navy doctors, I find her a refreshing change of pace and no-nonsense as well.  	3	2	4	4 	Insurance:Tricare
85	-1	neglected to return calls about medication  verbally abuse after doctor learned that I no longer had insurance. 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
86	-1	Dr. Bane tries to squeeze in so many patients, he doesn't take the time to listen to anything you have to say.  In addition, he never remembers why you are there nor will he take the time to read your folder.  When I reminded him of the reason, he tried to speak over me and told me I didn't have a problem and that every other doctor for the last 10 years had misdiagnosed me.  Dr. Bane is rude, money hungry, insensitive and doesn't care anything about his patients.  Do not go to this careless doctor.  	5	2	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
86	1	. amazing staff and dr my ear infection was very bad and they added me in even though they were booked and couldnt have ask for more helpful people after going to two other doctors before them 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthFirst
86	-1	Initially I thought Dr. Bane was very nice and knowledgeable, but after my surgery i would not recommend him to anyone! I had a rhinoplasty done and the pre-op appointments went very well, but then after the surgery  when I told him that i felt like my nose was still crooked he said that it had just not healed yet. 9 months after my surgery my deviated septum is worse than it was before surgery and now I have to get a revision rhinoplasty which many doctors say is harder to fix! DO NOT GO TO DR.  BANE FOR RHINOPLASTIES, you don't want to have to get another procedure done like me!! 	4	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	-1	Went into the office, waited an hour and then when he finally came in the room he looked at the back of my throat with a mirror for two second and automatically recommended me to a Gastroenterologist.  I told him I asked the receptionist for you to look down my throat and he said he didn't do that there.  Wouldn't refund my money for a 2 second visit to tell me he couldn't do what I wanted.  The receptionist should have told me that on the phone.  When I said he didn't look in my throat like I asked on the phone his response was &quot;I looked at your throat didn't you feel it&quot;  Ear nose and throat doctors can look down your throat and he told me that he couldn't  When I went to the Gastroenterologist he told me he couldn't believe the doctor only looked in my throat with a mirror and he would never refer patients go to him.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	Dr. bane has been my doctor for 10 years. I have always recieved excellent care He has been very knowledabe and caring. I would give him the highest rating and reccommend him to every one.  	 9/12/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Assurant
86	1	Dr. Bane has treated me medically and cosmetically.  I find him knowledgeable and very caring. 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	-1	Had surgery to remove enlarged lymph node. 6 months later I have two enlarged lymph nodes in the exact area that have daily pain and swelling. He did not waive the surgery fees even though it didn't work and made things worse.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	1 day after septoplasty (deviated septum) and feel ok just a little dizzy. Dr bane is very nice and kind. Love his staff too. dr.bane was the 1st to recognize my deviated septum, every other doctor just prescribed another allergy pill hopefully i feel better soon. only complaint is that i cant drink through a straw and i had too wear stockings that prevent clots up until about 3 hours ago. (I'm a 15 yr old guy btw) but at least the nurse said i was sexy.  cant wait for 20 mins to pass so i can take pain pill i have another head ache 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
86	-1	This physician dropped the ball with post surgical care.  The doctor and his staff kept referring the patient to the paperwork that they handed out pre-operatively, and refused requests to be seen by the doctor.  Patient was told that the doctor only sees patients 14 days after surgery and not before.  This included a request to be seen following an ER visit/hospital admission due to complications.  Nurses at the hospital were shocked that the doctor refused to see his patient upon release from the hospital.  Totally unacceptable care.  There are too many qualified ENT's in northern Virginia to come here.  NOT A RECOMMENDED PHYSICIAN. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	I was a non-referral.  Dr. Bane's treatment and professionalism were on the mark.  He told you like it was, not what you wanted to hear.  Treatment provided the relief expected.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
86	-1	I had a UPPP done in June and is 38yrs old. Dr. Bane was nice to me, but the surgery I think went a little bad. I cannot eat foods like I use too, and it feels like something is still in  the back of my thoat after 2 months. i don't think he has perform the surgey correctly. 	5	5	3	1 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	I went to Doctor Bane for a hearing problem. He was courteous, kind, prompt and attentive. As a medical professional myself, I found that his expertise is quite impressive. His office staff were very friendly and helpful. Dr. Bane was also very honest. He recommended against a treatment that would have been very expensive for me, and profitable for him. My own research has shown that he was correct. In short, he is a doctor that other doctors go to. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	I think Dr. Bane is a great doctor.  I have chronic sinus problems and see him on a regular basis.  I have always found him to be pleasant and helpful. I always feel that he listens to my questions and concerns and only has my well being in mind. He has wonderful bedside manner.  The office staff is friendly and I have never waited for more than 15 minutes after being checked in.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
86	1	Dr. Bane is consumately professional and skilled. His bedside manner is excellent. Excellent results from my septoplasty and my son's tympanoplasty. Office staff outstanding, caring and helpful.  	 11/7/07	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
86	1	Dr. Bane performed 2 surgeries on me in the past year. He was extremely kind to me and my husband both before and after surgery. No complications and he was very responsive to my after hours calls. He is a very knowledgable physician in his specialty therefore he doesn't need to spend much time diagnosing but answered all my questions without hesitation. I was referred to him by an Infectious Disease physician I knew who said he had very low complications and infections post op.  I love his staff and they made me feel like family.  I couldn't ask for more from a physician.  5 stars 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	I don't know why everyone is complaining!!! Dr. Bane and head nurse are WONDERFUL!!!! I have always gotten in right away with exception 1 time due to traffic and weather. He has always been very helpful with my family and I (I have 5 boys)!!!! He has always used great patient/doctor relations and his knowledge has always been on track!!!! I have always felt that I had confidence in his knowledge, ability and security. We have been with him for 7yrs or more. I have loved that he is available here in woodbridge and I don't have to travel very far. I hope he continues here. My primary physicians have recommended him. I will continue to use him. Please take the time to visit him for your needs despite what these other comments have been by unhappy people. Dr. Bane and Donita are the best in this area.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	Knows what needs to be done so he does it quick. No messing around but he stays friendly.  		4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	-1	I have been having chronic strep problems (had it 3 times in 2 months)and went to see Dr. Bane to discuss this. He told me that since I was a teacher it was to be expected and it was a hazard of the job. He looked in my mouth once for about 5 seconds and basically dismissed me. He was cold, uncaring, unsympathetic and extremely callous. Please do not go see this man.  I am not sure why he is stil in business!! 		3	1	2 	Insurance:Anthem
86	-1	Had sugery for a dviated septum. No improvement.I was never warned about the amount of pain I would be in after the surgey.  		2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	-1	Dr Bane was the worst Doctor I ever met. He is impolite does not care what the patient has to say. He treated me for nose bleed and caused the condition to worsen.  He laughed when I expressed pain! 		1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	-1	This Dr. has the worst bedside manner. He interrupts and is very RUDE. He hates to be bothered while on-call (over a weekend). He didn't answer his first page and then when I talked to him, he kept interrupting me and said he would call in an RX. I had to call him back to ask him what to do about the pain in my son's ear, and he hung up on me twice, and yelled &quot;Who is this!!&#63;&#63;&quot; Finally I called the answering service to try to get him to call me, and THEY called back and said &quot;Dr. Bane said he already told you to use motrin.&quot; I was shocked. I will never use him.However, his Partner, Dr. Parameswaran Is VERY nice, and we love to go to him. I DO NOT RECCOMEND DR. BANE TO ANYONE!! 		1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	Very knowledgeable. Spends time to explain diagnosis and treatment. Not quick to start medications unnecessarily without giving diet and lifestyle modifications a chance. Has a very holistic approach to managing diabetes. Im very impressed by Dr. Babar.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
88	1	Words fail how I feel about Dr. Bannon ... I have been her patient for about 10 years and she cared for and delivered my 3 girls . Not only she is knowledgeable but always had a wonderful bedside manner that made you feel you had an ally no matter what you were going through. I moved further away from her office about an hour but I would drive ANY amount for her . I could NEVER have imagined any one else could have given me the wonderful birthing experiences I had all 3 times :-)  I not only consider her my very knowledgeable obgyn but I consider her a friend who shared in 3 of the greatest moments of my life and I thank her for always keeping us safe and worry free . So if you want not &quot; just a doc&quot; but a medical partner than I more than recommend D.  Bannon :-) 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	Dr. Bannon is wonderful! So are her clinical staff.  Her front desk staff leave a lot to be desired.   I can imagine their jobs are difficult with such a busy practice - but they are rude, presumptive, and downright unhelpful! 	1	2	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	I love Dr. Bannon, I've been going for about 4 years now. I do have to say I absolutely can't stand the receptionists. There is one thing I hate the most when scheduling an appointment at a Dr.S's office.. When the receptionist answers the phone...&quot;Doctor's office&quot; and stops. Seriously&#63; Do you know the names of the doctors or the practice name&#63; I work at a doctor's office and I think it is very inappropriate. Please don't let this stop you from going I love Dr.  Bannon and I will definitely continue to see her! 	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	Great personable friendly knowledgeable doctor! She puts everyone at ease and explains the situation very well. She delivered our first child and made the experience as pleasurable as possible.   Couldn't ask for better! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	My OB is Dr. Tchabo, whom I love; however, Dr. Bannon covers for Dr. Tchabo and she delivered my first baby (which was nerve-racking at first because I didn't know her and I had never delivered a baby before). Wow, the experience was amazing. She not only stayed with me through the night, but was extremely patient in an emergency situation and I was able to deliver without a c-section! I will go to Dr. Bannon when Dr. Tchabo retires.  Highly recommend! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
88	1	Best OB/GYN I've ever had.  She just delivered my 1st child in January.  Excellent bedside manner, thorough, kind, very knowledgeable. I highly recommend her!  If you can't get into see Dr. Bannon, Dr.  Armstrong is excellent!! 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
88	1	I saw her for my annual exam in May and asked her to call me with my results (whether positive or negative). I never heard from her. I have left 3 messages in the last 2 months and either her poor and rude staff is not delivering them to her or she is ignoring to call her patients back. I am leaning towards the former than latter.The doctor herself is very kind, friendly and knowledgeable but her staff is useless. I am going to look into another gynercologist.  	1	4	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
88	-1	I did not get very far to make an appointment with Dr. Bannon.  I read the good reviews about Dr. Bannon on this web site and decided to make an appointment.  When I called her office as a first time patient, I had one of the most rude phone conversations ever.  The staff sighed with irritation after I told her I was a first time patient.  She clearly sent me a signal that she did not want to deal with this and she was annoyed. I am a generally patient person, but I ended the call after she asked me questions in a very disrespectful manner. I looked the reviews and info again to make sure that I was not calling a wrong office. I was not.  As much as I like to try Dr. Bannon, I decided that I didn't want to experience this again.  Although I did not want to rate the doctor without seeing her, I wanted to tell my experience.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
88	1	Excellent Doctor. I would trust her with anything.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
88	1	Dr. Bannon is great. She made me feel comfortable in situations that I would probably never feel comfortable and that says a lot! She is genuinely caring and thoughtful and takes her time talking to you and answering any questions you may have. I randomly picked her off a &quot;find a doctor&quot; site and couldn't be happier! She definitely knows her stuff and is a very sweet person. She gets an absolute recommendation from me! 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	I love Dr. Bannon. She is the best and the kindest. She delivered my first child. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Ontime, awesome office staff, informative, presents options, sense of humor, caring, great followup.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	I love Dr. Bannon. I wouldn't go see anyone else. Dr Bannon has helped me through many issues including a cervical cancer scare. She was there to offer support and to help me through a difficult time. I live in Germantown, Maryland, and don't mind the drive to McLean because Dr Bannon is definately worth it. I highly recommend her to any women out there searching for a good gynocologist or obstetrician. I am lucky to have found her! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	I too found Dr. Bannon very helpful.  However, her practice doesn't accept BCBS which caused me to have go elsewhere!!!!!!! 		4	4	5 	Insurance:Aetna
88	1	I have taken both of my teenage daughters to Dr. Bannon for problems and feel that you couldn't ask for a better physician. She explains things VERY well and made both of them feel very relaxed and unafraid. She is the best -- I wish she was a preferred provider for BCBS Federal Employee Program Insurance. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	-1	.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Anthem
90	-1	Horrible office staff. Joy, the office manager, is the worst I have delt with in ten years of being in and out of the doctor's. Your opinon does not matter to her and she thinks she is always right.  Save yourself the headache and go somewhere else!! 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	1	Dr. Balint is my second pain management doc and I need go no further.  He listens to what you tell him and has many alternatives to help you achieve a less painful life.  He is very caring and friendly and always takes time to find out how your everyday life is going, even if it doesn't have anything to do with your pain.  He had to try about 4 procedures on me before he found something that would help me.  He never gave up on finding the solution.  I would highly recommend him for he definitely knows his specialty.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
90	1	Dr. Balint is one of the most caring physicians I have ever had the privilege to be one of his patients.  I have been treated by him and his staff for some 10 years.  They not only care about you as a patient, but more times than not will go the extra mile to help you when you cannot help yourself.  Sometimes just knowing that your doctor is really listening to your level of pain goes a long way in pain management.  He appreciates the value of what is called ‘Alternative Medicine’ like acupuncture, massage therapy, and inversion therapy.  Praise God for putting doctors like Dr. Balint in our community.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
91	1	very happy with her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	Excellent staff and service. Dr Bakalis was very caring and a great listener. His experience and skillful hands helped me get out of pain without drugs or surgery. I recommend all of my family and friends to visit Dr Bakalis for their spinal health needs.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
93	1	Dr. Barbot is very professional, knowledgeable and most importantly also personable. This is a winning combination. He is able to listen and understand you and impart information to you.  He is unfortunately only at the Alexandria CSB, which is the City Mental Health Clinic, and they have rigid requirements that require you also have a case manager, which I did not need (mostly so govt workers can keep their jobs) to become a client/patient. I had been a patient of his for ten years, until they recently decided to change to this plan. Dr. Barbot is always respectable and kind. He adjusted and re-adujusted my meds to make sure I was doing well. He takes time with his patients.  It is a shame he is not in private practice.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
94	1	Dr. Baldinger, Dr. Powers and staff were excellent . I had cataract surgery in May and couldn't be happier with my results. Dr. Powers helped me chose the best IOLs for my situation and Dr. Baldinger executed the surgery with excellent precision. My outcome is that I can see better than I have in my entire life. After my surgery, I can see that a hummingbird has a long beak and tongue. Before, I'd only read about this in books. I am very happy. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	I found his whole staff to be highly professional, knowledgable, patient and competant. They took care of everything quickly and thoroughly and made sure I understood what would go on before and during the operation and what exactly was expected of me to ensure a good outcome.  Both for my surgeries and for my after-surgery visits for checkups, they nearly always got me in (either for surgery preparation or to see the Doctor) way before my appointment time if I got there earlier than the appointment times.  I felt from beginning to end that all staff working with me did a great job, (not a small feat for a patient who has never had surgery and was terrified of going through it at the beginning!) I think Dr.  Baldinger is awesome, and am suggesting to all my cataract-afflicted friends that they consider getting a referral to him! 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Aetna
94	-1	Didnt like this dr. at all. He was rude and heartless.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	So friendly, was really able to relate to me and never made me feel uncomfortable at all. I'll be so sad when I'm too old to go to him for pediatric anymore.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	So nice and helpful, never felt uncomfortable. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	EXCELLENT Dentist- Over the years, due to some trying times with other dentist, I developed a phobia and for 10-15 years I did not visit the dentist office. It came a time when the choice was not left up to me. Reluctantly, I made my way to Dr. Bala’s office, after spotting one of his ads in the local newspaper.  He restored my confidence in returning to the dentist and calmed my fears immensely! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
97	1	Dr.Bank and his staff is very helpful and kind. He work very well with my childern also. He open his office on weekends for people that work M-F. 		4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	Friendly, helpful staff.  Very patient answering questions. Dr. Wasn't rushed and took time to explain everything. I'm pleased with results. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	-1	Dr. Bandy and his staff try to oversell their services, hoping you will spend money.  He does not have the knowledge or experience to do some of the procedures that he tries.  He is only an ER doctor, not a plastic surgeon.  The staff is very condescending and into sales. 	3	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
98	0	The office and staff are friendly and helpful. The changed my appointment from 9:30 to 7:30am. Bandy didn't show until 9:00 am. Still waiting for results. Too soon to tell. 	4	1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	Excellent customer service...staff and doc take all the time to answer all your questions....facility is top-notch 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	saw my child for Biofeedback for ADHD. very helpful doc. through. listened to all info. cares about her work, and even quickly responded to a detailed question I sent her via email several years after she had seen my son.  highly recommended and has a wealth of information to share! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
