dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	He has helped me  a lot to get on the right track to being healthy...A great doctor so far...very pleased...  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
1	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	I had a pleasant experience with Dr. I and his staff.  He did cataract surgury on both my eyes and I see like I am 20 again.  I recommend him to all my friends.  	 9/3/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
2	1	Doctor was easy to talk to and really explained my condition to me in a way that I understood 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	When I made appointment to get my eyes checked he told me that I would need to come in for another appointment for testing that his assistant does.  That was a 5 minute test and I had to pay another copay for that visit!! All the doctor seems to care about is money not your eye health!! 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
3	1	Dr. Irwin is a wonderful doctor who realy cares about his patients. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Very knowedgeable, answered all questions, and gave references for other Doctor for treatment of particular affliction.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
4	1	Dr Ipakchi is not only extremely knowledgeable, he is very patient and personable. He took the time to thoroughly examine my son and explain his condition to us. Other ENTs had suggested surgery and we were not convinced it was necessary. Dr Ipakchi took the conservative approach and with the help of medication, he has treated our son completely. We are so grateful to him and I have referred friends and family members who have been very happy also. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	I have never had such a wonderful experience with a doctor. He was very courteous, knowledgeable, and took a great deal of time to listen to my issues. He explained everything in terms that were easy to understand.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Elizabeth Intermill is fantastic. I have seen her at Vienna Family Medicine for the  past 4 years. I specifically request her. She has seen me for a range of issues - sickness (cold/flu), knee problems from soccer, wellness exam, and pap smear. Each time she has asked very detailed questions, listened very well, and given good advice. Highly recommend Elizabeth Intermill.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Beth Intermill is a nurse practitioner and I have been seeing her for about six years.  I love her!  She takes her time, listens, is compassionate and thorough, and has helped me through a number of health problems.  I would highly recommend her. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	I love Beth Intermill.  I have been going to her for about 5 years now and will not see anyone else!  I would definately reccomend her to anyone looking for a family doctor.  She is the best!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
5	1	Wonderful, helpful & caring. She has a fantastic bedside manner and is quite knowledgeable. I have brought her laundry lists of health concerns and she took her time to go through each and every problem of mine. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	. Very friendly and thourough, asked lots of good questions 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	-1	This woman is an NP but sees patients as would an MD. Attentive on first visit, distracted on second visit. Did not make a diagnosis or recommend a treatment plan. Seemed to need to consult the physicians on staff rather than thinking for herself. Nice, but not helpful. 	2	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	 	5	3	5	2 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	I went to her to ask about a very personal problem. I waited about an hour for my appointment and she spent maybe 5 to 10 minutes with me and told me since I was using birth control that I would have infections all the time, there would be stinging after sex and that I could not do anything about it! She doesn't seem very knowledgeable to me and I don't think that's how patients should be treated. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	Good knowledge but a VERY POOR behavior. She spends too little time. I am trying to get out of the hell.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	-1	last spring, i had paid a visit.. i had some pollen alergy, and suffered from severe cold.. When i visited the doctor, i was abt to explain my case but she responded immediately by writing some drug and said i was done.. voww, she took barely 15,20 seconds to talk to me. really unbelievable to see such a quick, fast acting doc.. the cold went away eventually after having the tablets, but i felt she could have been little more patient, a little more listening skills.. not so rude 		1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
8	0	She is impolite and does not like to have questions asked regarding your own health and body. 	4	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	THIS MY INITIAL VISIT.THE STAFF WAS VERY FRIENDLY/HELPFUL. MY APPT WAS SCHEDULED FOR 245P AND WAS SEEN AT 320.DR IURONO WAS MOST PLEASANT AND UNDERSTANDING OF MY SITUATION. SHE EXPLAINED HOW HORMONES AND THYROID MEDS EFFECT EACH OTHER AND LABS DRAWN AT THE OFFICE WAS VERY CONVENIENT.  	4	1	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
9	1	if you looking for doctor how care, if you looking for doctor how you will fill with him that he is really a human doctor, how does money for him is way to leave not a goal, is doctor Irfan Idrees in Purcellville Virginia.  He taker about me and my 2 daughter for years now never disappointed with him for me doctor is person practice some think not every body can, some one God use him to help what he create to survive to fill better.  if you looking for good doctor like the one you see in movies and you say i wish if i find one like this doctor in reality that will be him. i know and i belave if i say some think god will ask me in judgment day about my opinion but that what i really fill without no interest just to say the thrust.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
9	-1	Very incompetent front office staff.  Getting prescriptions is a nightmare; they never fax paper work to specialists and you end up making new appointments.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
10	1	. Takes time to listen, takes time to answer the phone 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
10	1	Wonerful and helpful! I have recommedned Dr.  Itskovich to my friends! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	Dr is just fantastic. I have been going to her for over 10 yrs now. She is curteous and good listner. She always helps me with my issues 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	As a patient with a chronic condition, she was very attentive to my needs and concerns. She is direct and very knowledgeable. Staff was pleasant to deal with and fortunately spoke Spanish. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	there is a big turnover in staff at this practice. The Dr is always helpful and curteous.  I've been going there for over 5 years 	2	2	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
11	1	I have been a patient of Dr Imam for many years and I won't change her. She migth not be &quot;all smiles&quot; but she is very good at what she does and for me that's the most important fact.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	I have been going to Dr. Imam for about 4 years now on a monthly basis, because my medication requires a visit to the doctor each time the medicine is prescribed.  Needless to say, I have been very pleased with Dr. Imam during my visits (otherwise I would not have returned).  She always takes the time to ask how I'm doing and make sure that my medication is still appropriate.  The main reason I return to Dr. Imam, is because she is very direct in her recommendations and that is what I expect from my doctor.  I would encourage those who have a lesser opinion to be more constructive with your criticisms.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	I arrived at the office for the first time and saw that the atmosphere of the office was professional and nice. The waiting period was extremely low and the staff was genuinely nice. I had a good experience with the doctor and she was very kind and patient. I will remain with this doctor for as long as possible. I think that many people take her professionalism in the wrong direction, a lot of people only rate doctors when they are disappointed, not when they have been treated well. Consequently, I disagree with some of the other reviews of this doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	-1	I went to see dr.Imam about two years ago ONCE and that was enough to never come back there again. I was pretty much patronized by her staff M.A (nurse. That girl was rude even though pretended like she is smarter than God.I noticed some other nurse on duty but I guessed she was only there doing her internship. Both the doctor and the &quot;old&quot; nurse were treating here very unpleasant. I had to wait for over 40 minutes just to be prescribed a medicine after a very quick check.  HORRIBLE!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
11	-1	Very unfriendly and ill mannered doctor who was more interested in making money than sincerely helping me. Refused to address all my concerns.  Instead, addressed one of my 3 ailments I had come to see her for and asked that I schedule a second appointment to have the second issue addressed. Mind you, these were minor issues that didn't require much assessment...minor issues I'd expect would be included within any general physical such as the one I had originally scheduled to see her for. After having my prescription in hand, i marched to the nearest pharmacy to get them filled only to find that she had called the pharmacy and asked that they slash my prescribed dosage by more than half, a move that was done to force me into scheduling a second appointment so i cna pay more for questions she could have clearly addressed during my first appointment and for prescriptions that only had to be prescribed once.  Rudest and most unprofessional doctor I have ever consulted and I don't recommend 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	0	As mentioned in other post I waited about 30 minutes after my appointment before seeing the doctor. When I finally met the doctor whatever she prescribed was law. She did not like answering my questions about alternate medications. I have recently change doctors.  	3	2	2	3 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
11	0	I have been going to that practice for about 10 years and only b/c I was pretty healthy and lazy to change... Agree - the wait is always a minimum of 30 minutes, doctor and staff are just OK... Looks like the office is not running smoothly and neither doctor nor staff cares about reputation of the practice. I had incidents when I showed up for my appointment on time and staff would lie to me that the doctor is in, when in fact she would not be in, but shows up 30 minutes after my arrival! Her recommendations were pretty general, she never does prescription over the phone or referrals unless you come back to her for yet another visit (even though need for referral was discussed just a week ago during the appointment). I will not go back to this practice again.  	2	1	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	0	I recently visited Dr. Imam for a medical condition. After waiting 30 minutes past my scheduled time, I was escorted into an exam room, only to wait another 10 minutes. Dr Imam did not introduce herself or extend any courtesies and seemed very uncaring. She did not provide any information about my condition and offered no solutions to alleviate my discomfort. The staff was friendly but seemingly dysfunctional and inappropriately dressed for an office environment. I will never go there again and I advise everyone to do the same. 	2	1	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Extremely knowledgeable and caring.  Will  take calls if necessary any time.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
12	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Great doctor, very friendly and patient. Provided excellent service and I will refer others to Dr. Isharani in the future as well.    PV 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
13	1	great doc, really helpful.  will use again 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	The high staff turn over rate at this office has made me think twice about whether to continue my children's care with Dr. Irvine. While Dr. Irvine is very educated I at times am not sure as though she always knows the answer and at times have had to return to the office because her diagnosis the first time around was incorrect. I have also had many billing issues with this office and not on my end, her billing specialist incorrectly filed and it took several weeks/months to clear up. The newest Front Office person she has, is very rude and extremely unfriendly. They openly discuss patients, parents, etc. in front of other patients and it's usually negative, very unprofessional. I am looking into other Dr's in the area, as I have spoken with  a few other parents who left her practice for multiple reasons and are much happier elsewhere.  	1	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	-1	This Doctor is very rude and she does talk about the parents and how much of a bother they are..Ive heard her while in another room. She has treated her staff poorly as well. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	this doctor is good, but her front  office girl is always rude. plus I hear them talking while i'm with my children in the exam room, kinda smart about parents and phone calls from parents etc...it's almost like they don't care what patients hear, and probably talk about you when you call too. For example, a mother called about a doctor's note, and the two were discussing it OUT LOUD. I may switch.  	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
14	1	Dr. Irvine was very pleasant and took her time with my kids.  We didn't have a long wait to see her and she was very nice to work with.  I only wish she had a staff that could do just as great.  Dr. Irvine has the worst front desk person I have ever had to do business with.  This young lady was so rude, unprofessional and had a bad attitude on more than one occasion.  My family and I have decided we will not be going back to this doctors office UNLESS Dr. Irvine finds a better staff to work with. They are the front faces of her business and when you have to work with someone who clearly does like their job or working with others it really shows through and not something my family or I have to put up with nor should anyone else.  I hope she finds a replacement fast before she looses more business.  	 5/14/11	1	5	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Dr. Irvine is wonderful.  We switched from Loudoun Pediatrics as soon as Dr. Irvine opened her practice and I'm happy we made the switch.  She is very compassionate and knowledgeable and asks many questions.  She is very thorough in her examinations &amp; physicals.  She also lets you, as a parent ask questions.  This practice is clean and I highly recommend.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Dr. Irvine is wonderful. She spends time with each patient, addressing our concerns as parents, asks lots of questions about development, and really gets to know us. She is very knowledgeable, but also allows us to be parents and trust our instincts. She is never bossy in her recommendations, just offers friendly advice. I have never regretted selecting her as our son's pediatrician.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
15	0	Year ago I brought my 5 years old son with feet pain. Dr Idiculla was very friendly, did x-rays and suggested that I order custom made orthotics through his office (200$ deductible). In addition he suggested that I do special children insurance for two years for 45$ to get new orthotics when my son gets bigger size and so on till he 17. On that visit I told the doctor that my family came to USA for a limited time and we are planing to leave. He said it's ok and all I need is to call the company to tell them my insurance I'd and they send me different size. Week ago, when we still in US, I called the company to get a bigger size, they said that I need to do it through the doctor office. I came to the doctor today he made me feel stupid. He said, no way I told you all this, you misunderstood me. On this visit I felt cheated, I felt that he said things to make me and my insurance pay. I would order these orthotics anyway if my son needs them but why to lie if you don't know the answers.  	3	4	1	5 	Insurance:Anthem
15	1	great doctor, he spent time explaining my problem. i am going to him for my problem now.   I have faith he will cure my pain 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
15	-1	worst worst...he is make your life worst....I want visit dr. office at all. They are money hunger 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	excellent doctor. very knowledgable about my bunion.  very nice  and gave me information 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
16	1	I order things Amazon constantly &amp; always receive a request to rate a product/seller. I &quot;never&quot; take time to do this. But am the first to review feedback of a seller or product for months before I make a purchase. But now I'd like to take time to clearly articulate how Dr. Ingram has &quot;NOT&quot; failed me!! I have been battling with anxiety &amp; depression forever! I am morbidly obese &amp; my self esteem was very low. When I tell you Dr. Ingram not only talked with me for over 2 hours, I felt as though a burden I've never been able to release was lifted when I left his office. I can't imagine anyone not having exceptional service from him. To close this comment...He just has exceptional care &amp; concern for his patients health. The last this he said to me as I left the office was..&quot;Next time we'll start looking at ways to increase your physical health, different eating habits &amp; good mental calming practices to help you grow in the right direction.&quot; He is...JUST AWESOME! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	He is an amazing Doc. He works well with my son (12yr old) He gets behind a bit sometimes, but I dont mind, because he is more interested in his patent than time. He is young and I think that helps with my son being able to talk to him and relate. He puts things in a way my son can comprehend. He even cough things the other docs missed.  I thank God every time we talk to him! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
16	1	Dr. Ingram is laid-back and easy to talk to. I feel like he is genuinely listening to me. Marie (his nurse) is personable and always smiling. I pay out of pocket to see him but it is worth it. I feel like I've made more progress in the past few times I've seen him than I have in 2 years of seeing my other therapist and psychiatrist. He also has one of the nicest offices I've been to. It's more like an uptown New York City apartment than a doctor's office. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Dr. Ingram and Marie are the most helpful people I have ever met.  When I call them even on Sundays, they are quick to respond and are so caring about what is going on.  I have never been so stoked or happy with medical services ever.  Dr Ingram has changed my life for the better. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Dr. Ingram was great--very knowledgeable, personable and kind. Would definitely recommend him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	I have been diagnosed with PTSD since 1993 for an &quot;incident&quot; that occurred while in the Navy. Repeated approx. 8-9 months later. I was unable to cope + medically retired + given a VA rating. Off + on since then I have had flare ups of PTSD symptoms + have seen many psychiatrists + therapists. Meds came and went as needed, sometimes not for years. Recently due to extreme stress and other situations made known to my GP, who knows PTSD, She recommended I see Dr. Ingram since I could not get an immediate appt with the VA who has always remotely followed my care. Dr. Ingram, after a few minutes visit informed me I did not have PTSD..it didn't &quot;come and go&quot; I had a personality disorder. At 51 years old I asked&#63; Then he told me because of flashbacks and other PTSD documented symptoms I am experiencing, and because VA doc had put me on seroquel over the phone I had schitzophrenia.(Seroqel is used to treat PTSD)I immediately left. Looking for a formal way to complain. I feel this doc is a danger 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
17	1	Dr. Immel is not just a good GI doctor-he looks at the whole body, as a good internist too.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
17	1	He and his staff are friendly. I recommend him. I had a smooth colonoscopy procedure.  	3	4	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
17	1	Excellent skills, both technical and patient wise. Dr. Immell diagnosed and resolved a problem for me and also was the only doctor to help my wife with a problem others were unable to determine. Recommend this doctor above all others we have utilized.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
17	1	I had an issue and called to get in immediately and they were actually able to fit me in that day.  After which I went in for a longer procedure.  The front desk was very friendly even thought they were having computer issues that day and the nurse that assisted Dr. Immal was wonderful.  Felt very taken care of and Dr. Immal was very informative and caring.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	-1	Having some very difficult issues.  When I called on the weekend as his nurse told me to, I was reprimanded for calling.  Told me I could go to the ER or wait until next week.  I will never go back to him and hope I live through the weekend to find a real doctor.  Very disappointed, sick and scared. 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	I would not suggest ANYONE go to this doctor. My mom was actually a patient and it's a long story about what happened but bottom line is the same as many of these comments, the receptionists/nurses are the RUDEST people I have ever seen in a doctors office. Absolutely no customer service at all, very very very very rude people. So if you want to feel like you are cared about and feel comfortable you should NOT go to this doctor. They are so disgustingly rude it's crazy, can't emphasize it enough!!!!!!!!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	I have been going to Dr. Immel for many years, and he is an excellent gastro-enterologist. Everyone I have sent to him have raved about him as well.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	-1	He is knowledgeable and can rule out diseases like colitis, crohn's, colon cancer, etc etc but he does not go very deep. He is quick to give IBS diagnosis. But he won't be able to diagnose gastroparesis, gastritis, hernia, etc etc. Basically he cant diagnose anything besides IBS, if colonoscopy is normal. he missed intestinal hernia for me and i had to go to the ER. If you are having complicated Gastrointestinal problems which require lots of testing and exploration to diagnoses, there are high chances that he would miss it or not diagnose it. For IBS treatment he is excellent. But if you don't get relief from him, see another gastroenterologist. I had to see another one because he clearly could not diagnose it in my case.  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Aetna
17	-1	It is very hard to get to see this doctor, even if he says come into the office next week-one cannot get an appointment to do that.It took this doctor 3 times in order to find out what the problem was with my husband, so my husband was admitted 3 times to the hospital.  	1	5	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	1	I had an Endoscopy performed, the pre-screening provided by Karen was thorough, easy to understand, opportunity to ask questions multiple times. I felt as ease very quickly as I had never seen Dr. Immel but was referred by my Doctor. Dr. Immel came in and went throough the procedure again with me and gave another opportunity to ask questions, very easy for me to talk to and his manner put me at complete ease and confident in his training, skills and experience. I would highly recommend Dr. Immel and his staff, they have a very keen approach on making the patient comfortable, confident and they really care about what they do and their patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
17	1	I had a good experience at Dr. Immel's office. My OBGYN goes to him and suggested him and others. I thought if he is good enough for my Dr. I would go to him. I am going back for my 2ND time with him. I have colon cancer that runs in my family on both sides of my parents and my grandparents. That is why I have to go back more than the normal appointments.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
17	1	I have been seeing Dr. Immel for several years - he is an excellent gastro-doctor.  My spouse and best friends all go to him as well!  Office staff sometimes seems overwhelmed.  Nursing staff is caring and attentive.  Like others have posted, I never feel like he hurries through his time with me.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
17	-1	The nurses, office people are really rude.  I had a colonoscopy test in the fall of 2004 and he said I should take the test in 4 or 5 years again.  In the summer of 2007 he sent a letter that I need another colonoscopy (3 years not 4 to 5 years he said). anyway, i took the test in 3 years, last 2007 fall.  Now I got another letter said I should get another colonoscopy not, not even one year.  I fired him today.  I will not ever see that doctor again to rip me off for the money, not for a health problem. 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Had 2 colonoscopys; found adenoma, removed; now fine. Professional, friendly; great staff.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
17	1	Dr. Immel is excellent. He is very professional, knowledgeable and personable. I've seen him for years and I wouldn't trade him for anyone else! It is true that the office staff could use much improvement; however, I don't think that Dr. Immel controls what staff that the group hires.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	I've been seeing Dr. Immel for several years now; he's been very forthcoming with information on my health issues, sends me home with samples, instructions, follow-up care after procedures, advice concerning homeopathic remedies (pros and cons!), explanations of bodily processes, and listens to me when discussing very difficult subjects. He likes his patients to keep diaries (which he retains) and has a sense of humor, bar none! Ask him about his &quot;Fart...&quot; book! LOL:) His nurses are very helpful, professional and caring as well. Yes, the last appointment (this month - Feb 07) was not on the books when I arrived but they immediately squeezed me in and Dr. Immel spent time with me discussing various options concerning my various diagnoses - he did NOT rush me. This was a follow-up visit and I was able to clarify info he had mentioned previously but that I had forgotten. I'm very impressed with him, his office and his admin staff (who are adjusting to a new scheduling/pt info system.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
17	-1	same comments as below..messed up appointments..incredibly rude nurse..does not seem to care about patient. 		1	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
17	0	His office is terrible. He is a good doctor (I think from the little time I got to spend with him). I am having rather urgent issues and his office messed up my appointments twice and in particular, his receptionist is rude. I have tried to get in and been denied too many times so I WILL NOT be returning.  		3	2	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
17	-1	Impossible to get thru when calling to make an appointment. If you do manage to get thru then it'll take a month to get an appointment. Doctor does not follow up on his patients. Doctor does not address patients concerns. Handed the doctor a half page list of concerns and he never read thru it. Total time spent with patient: 180 seconds. A gastroenterologist who never bothers to ask you to open your mouth and say ah. Not a doctor I will see again if I can help it. 		1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	The best physician in his field...bar none! You won't find a more attentive and knowledgeable doctor. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	My children and I have been patients for several years and she is a very caring doctor with a &quot;bed-side manner&quot; disposition. She is not only interested in our physical health, but mental, emotional and social health as well. I would especially recommend her to those with teen girls. My girls love her and are quite comfortable in her office. The office staff is professional and the service is prompt. -Ms. Glover 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	I called in morning and she made space to see me cause I son was real sick. Very helpful and nice. She doesn't like meds, but gave them to me for him. She even looked at me at the same time and only charged me for him. I was coming down with the flu too. So she gave me meds too. Hate to be sick, but when I am, I'm not going to any other doctor.  		3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	-1	This doctor would not listen to me about how sick i was, unfortunatly i ended up at a urgent care to get the care that i needed and was nearly hospitalized with asthma due to her negligence and not wanting to listen.  		4	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	Very helpful. first time i went, had to wait a while, was in the middle of december, and had an appt, didn't get taken back at that time, but i had just called to make the appt that morning. second time i went, was taken back on time. spends more than 2 or 3 minutes with you, like some docs. if you have a question, she is more than happy to answer it for you. does not excessively push meds, will only prescribe them if you need them. great doc, would reccommend over other doc in the same office.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
19	1	Dr. Infeld is a very wise and caring individual ER Doc.  He took his time and was thorough, even though there were 52 bazillion other patients. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Dr. Irby and Ms Townsend understood my explanation of my symptoms and offered good information on the treatment that was offered.  There was never any pressure for the surgical solution.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
20	1	Three hours after my back surgery I could walk better than I walked in the last 10 years.  Dr. Irby gave me specific instructions to ensure my recovery would continue.  I did what he said and I'd recommend him to anyone who has back problems.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
20	-1	If you can run then do it. I went and saw Dr. Irby with a back injury caused at work. He would never listen and would not believe I am in constant pain. Inferred that I just was faking because I did not want to work whereas I worked every day and very hard for my company. Went the pain after 18 months became so unbearable that it caused depression I sought other help. I begged Dr. Irby was there anything to help and he said just live with it. When I saw a doctor on my own he said OMG did anyone ever look at your back. You should have been seeing sports medicine doctor. You have loss of the loradotoc curve at L1-L3 caused by the injury and of course there are things that can be done. Injections, massage, cymbalta,neurontin, and lododerm patches. And depression caused by chronic pain is well documented. Based on the diagnoses made by 3 qualified physicians of chronic lumber pain and depression I am finally believed and getting the help I need.  Thank god.  	4	5	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
20	1	I was recommended to Dr. Irby from another doctor. This was my 3rd back surgery. Dr Irby, Lindsay and their staff demonstrated a level of understanding, compassion, and help that is not found often enough in today's medical world. They went above and beyond to help me fight Anthem who was refusing to pay for the fusion. The surgery is awesome, I am 4 months post op and doing great. Of all the things this office did, Dr. Irby calling my Wife on Christmas to check on me (Surgerey was 12/19) impressed us. She is a nurse and does not see this level of Dr. involvement often enough. I have and will continue to recommend Dr. Irby.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
20	1	Dr.  irby was kind compassionate and very skillful! My ruptured disk was fixed with surgery and I am now pain free! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
20	1	I had a ruptured disc in my back.  In severe pain.  Dr. Irby was very kind and explained exactly what needed to be done.  After physical therapy and epidurals I had surgery.  I can't thank Dr.  Irby enough for giving me my life back! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
20	1	Dr Irby and his staff, made me feel safe and well taken care of.I trusted them 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	-1	This was absolutely the worst experience of my life he does not listen and the office is a joke! I would not reccommend him to anyone! I got the complete run around from him and anyone associated with him do yourself a favor and go to dr.  Simpson at Tuchahoe orthopedic!!!  skip these doctors! 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
20	1	Dr. Irby made my experenice easy.His knowledge was very helpful with getting me through it.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
20	1	Dr. Irby and Staff show compassion and do whatever needed to ease pain and correct problem. I had spinal fusion with great success with their help.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
20	1	Excellent service. I fell and crushed a vertebra in my spine.  They sugery went extremely well and there is not any pain.  He is an excellent Dr.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
20	1	I was in severe pain which turned out to be a herniated disc. Dr. Irby was attentive, compassionate and understanding. After trying conservative treatment I ended up having surgery and did beautifully.   I am thankful there are physicians like this in the world! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
20	-1	i was in such pain i actually passed out; he briefly looked at xray i had brought which were over a year old, spent a total of 2 minutes looking at me and told me to do back exercises.  upon seeing my incrudulous face he caught me in the hall and said i should be fine.  i was charged for an extensive exam.  i went back about a month later and he seemed surprised i wasnt better and he referred me to a physical therapist.  it really seemed like i was bothering him.  i will never go gack. i have a 5000.00 deductible so had to pay all charges.  	3	4	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
20	-1	Dr Irby apparently was not interested in helping me. He saw me less than three minutes, said he couldn't help me. I felt like I was bothering him. 	5	5	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
20	-1	Arrogant and uncaring. Didn't listen to my orthopedic problem adequately. Didn't even take needed Xray. I would never go back to him again.  	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
20	1	Excellent Surgeon, nice personality. I really liked him - He took care of immediate issues.  HOWEVER...In my opinion, the follow-up care was sub-par.  Referred me to many weeks of physical therapy and seemed apathetic when I returned to his office with pain.  After multiple follow-up appointments, I voiced concerns regarding the continued discomfort/pain and he told me to lose weight and exercise.  Lost 25 pounds, pain continued, then he told me I shouldn't be experiencing pain anymore... his assistant was rude and defensive - suggested a rigorous exercise program. I obtained my records and scheduled an appointment with a neurosurgeon for a 2nd opinion.  Today, I am pain free.  Dr. Irby IS a great surgeon, however, for me the follow-up treament and the staff care was somewhat disappointing.  	1	5	2	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
20	1	I found his staff very courteous. Dr. Irby helped me get rid of my pain and get my life back.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
21	1	I have found Dr. Iqbal to be a superb diagnostician who readily makes himself available for urgent matters.  He arguably saved my life several years ago by correctly diagnosing epiglottitis, a rare and life-threatening condition in adults after an expensive ENT had brushed off my complaints as an allergy.  Several years later, he also correctly diagnosed the source of shooting ear pain as a tooth, when several dentists insisted otherwise.  They were proven wrong when all manner of crud and corruption flowed from the gum when the tooth was, on my instruction, extracted. He is, by far, the most competent ENT I've ever seen.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
21	-1	Tried calling their numbe and it just says &quot;Leave a message after the tom=ne and we'll get back to you&quot;.  But there is no way to leave a message, it just says &quot;Good Bye.&quot;  They did give an emergency number for him which I called but it just rang and rang and rang... 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
21	0	Bill came in November 2010 for services provided in July and August 2009.  Staff very unprofessional.  They told me they did not have to send a letter explaining this bill.  The insurance apparently did not cover it, but we were NOT informed until we call earlier November 2010.  This is outrageous.  The doctor is concerned, but has always had to refer my daughter to a specialist; therefore, requiring four office visits to no avail. 	1	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	Arrived to office staff cleaning office, which had strange odor.  Office staff discussed financial situation of another patient in front of those who were waiting.  Was 1st patient of the afternoon.  Had to wait almost 30 min. to see Dr. Iqbal.  He disagreed w/ an ER doctor and my general doctor about what the ear problem was.  He prescribed medication, but forgot to give the script to me.  Had to ask for it.  I'm giving a poor rating because of unprofessional behavior of staff and what seems to be the lack of knowledge and short memory of the doctor. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	I'm surprised at the other posts.  I have been going to Dr. Iqbal for years and have found him always professional, instruments and tools quite hygenic (LOL) and the operation (Endoscopic Nasal Surgery to remove a polyp) along with countless other ways he has helped me mean I have no difficulty recommending him to anyone that needs such a specialist.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Aetna
21	-1	I would not recommend Dr. Iqbal. It seems there are far better ENT doctors out there who are more up-to-date on medicines, treatment options and ways to help patients. I've been seeing Dr. Iqbal for years and through countless visits and should not have stuck it out as long as I did. I also agree with the other post about the behind-the-times tools, instruments and office wares. Dr. Iqbal also would not go the extra mile to fill out some required paperwork that I needed to submit for work purposes...he said the [2-page] form was too long and he didn't have time. 	2	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Located in reputable Doctor's Building, the office and the instruments were clean and organized. They were short-staffed on the day I went in, but still thorough and unrushed in my diagnosis and solution. The doctor also did my other ear which wasn't bothering me (yet). Went from being unable to hear (due to blockage) to relief, and hearing. Also advised me to discontinue my q-tips. Ears still clear months later. Great experience. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	0	The reason I am posting this message. The DR was nice, but his office was disgusting. If you want to travel back in time, before dr's had to clean the instruments used on you, where seats are yellow and the walls are brown, this is your place. Seriously though, I was really supprised when he stuck an instrument up my nose then put it back in the tool drawer. It looked like he has tools for a mechanic and definetly were as sanitary as that.  		2	3	3 	Insurance:Aetna
22	-1	.  	4	2	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	They were short-staffed on the day I went in, but still thorough and unrushed in my diagnosis and solution (a three-step process!). The doctor also did my other ear which wasn't bothering me (yet). Went from being unable to hear (due to blockage) to relief, and hearing. Also advised me to discontinue my q-tips. Ears still clear months later. Great doctor. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	Unfortunately, we used Dr. Ivey-Crowe for the birth of our first son.  during delivery, she failed to notice that he was stuck, cut his eye using foreceps, and performed a defective circumcision which required a redo (by another doctor later on).  Would never put my families' health in her care again.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	0	I love Dr. Ivery Crowe but am finding a new GYN.  The wait to get an apt can be months and to see her when you get there can be hours.  I had a repeat pap smear because of bad results and no one from the office ever called me with the results.  She is always rushed.  	2	1	2	3 	Insurance:Aetna
23	-1	Dr. Ivey-Crowe has a wonderful personality but thats about it. She is very kind but very loud. I could hear everything she was telling the patient in the other rooms. Her Billing dept. sucks. I have been battling with them since july of 2009 to send me a large refund check because they had me pay for my portion of their services before hand and then we had a change of insurance and the new insurance covered all of it!. Plus i was diagnosed with GDM during my pregnancy then she sent me to education at the hospital. She never asked me how that was going. They also do not have a sonogram machine in their offices and 2 physicians have left their practice since I started going there. Needless to say i am not going back. Nor am I recommending them to anyone.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Doctor Ivey Crowe is a good doctor but the practice seem too  busy to keep up with the patients.  There is always a long wait that the waiting room usually 30 minutes to 2 hours, nurses are forgetful about calling back for blood results.  One time they forgot to send urine to the lab and I had UTI for 3 weeks while I was pregnant.  In addition, no one looked at my sonogram to let me know my baby's heartbeat was too slow.  	1	1	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
23	-1	I went to see Dr. Ivey-Crowe and was very disappointed.  I was rushed by the doctor after waiting 45 minutes for my scheduled appointment.  I had questions but felt the doctor was not interested in me as a first time patient.  I wish I had checked this site before making this appointment.  I will not be back.  	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Anthem
23	1	I've been with this practice since 2000 and love Dr. Ivey-Crowe. She was wonderful to me during a very difficult pregnancy. My husband was equally impressed by her kindness, knowledge, and bed-side manner. She has always taken the time to answer any questions I have. Further, when I was struggling early on with a very hard pregnancy, Dr. Ivey-Crowe was the first one to find the baby's heartbeat at a very early week (8 weeks). She spent quite a bit of time with me trying to find the heart beat because she knew it would make me feel better. I would strongly recommend her to anyone I know. I have never had a problem with Dr. Ivey-Crowe or this practice.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	0	Dr. Ivey-Crowe and her staff are some of the rudest and impersonal medical professionals I've ever encountered.  After using their office for my first child, I will not be returning.  My appointments always had to be rescheduled because of office problems.  The staff was dismissive and unprofessional - particularly at the Reston office.  During my last month of pregnancy, I only saw the doctor once because they &quot;didn't have any appointments open&quot;.  Lucky for me I was a scheduled c-section...they never would have known my son was breach, with his arm twisted behind his head and the cord around his neck.  Save your time & energy - go elsewhere.  	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Dr. Ivey-Crowe is a wonderful doctor.  She has always spent plenty of time with me during my appointments and I feel very comfortable with her medical knowledge.  I highly recommend her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
23	-1	I was very unhappy with the service I received from Women Physicians when I had my second child. The office put the wrong date of service on the claim form so they didn't get paid for the delivery of my daughter for over a year. While waiting for my insurance to pay them, they kept billing me. I had to call the insurance company every time I got a bill from them. Aetna kept telling me they rejected the claim because it was submitted incorrectly. The office took their time resubmitting. Then over a year later, when my insurance finally paid, they had the nerve to send me a bill for $2.71, esp. when they charged me $6 for every urine test I had to do during my pregnancy, something my insurance company told me they weren't supposed to. I was too lazy to look for another doctor so I went back there for my annual checkup. I had a blood test done as well and I never heard from them about the results. I called and left 3 messages but no one ever returned my call.  I am never going back there! 	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Aetna
23	-1	Dr. Ivey Crowe sent me for a sonogram because she thought I had a cyst... I get there, they see nothing.... then send me for a hysterosonogram because she thought then I had a fibroid.... nothing there.... I have no idea what all that was about.... THEN I go off bc last July and she doesn't TELL me that my period will probably take awhile to normalize.... kind of important info if you ask me.... I call today because it's been 52 days since my last period and I NEED to find out what's going on.... no appointment for TWO WEEKS. Really&#63; Are you serious&#63; I'm so not going back -- especially after reading these posts.  Yeah, she makes you laugh, but what good is that when you just want a reliable DOCTOR&#63; 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
23	0	Dr. Ivey Crowe did a surgery for me on my bowel.  I *think* she repaired my bowel properly but she told my husband after my surgery that she had just &quot;cleaned me up a bit&quot; which meant she tried to repair scar tissue that she claims she saw.  Ended up with major complications, had to go to the ER 2 days after my surgery and over 3 months later I am still not fully recovered - still have pain and discomfort.  I want to believe Dr. Ivey Crowe tried to do something good but I feel she made an error in judgment that caused major issues for me.  I am looking for a new doctor now.  	3	2	3	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
23	1	Dr. Ivey-Crowe is a wonderful doctor.  She has exceptional bedside manners.  She is, however, seemingly overwhelmed by a growing practice that has a shrinking medical staff.  In the past 6 years as a patient, I have seen them go from on-the-ball, to dropping the ball.  Appointments get canceled.  Wait times for scheduled appointments are an hour MINIMUM.  And the time you spend with a doctor is a matter of minutes.  I'm sad to say this, because it use to be a wonderful practice, but I wouldn't recommend them to a friend at this point.  	3	1	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
23	-1	The same thing happened to me as what it written below. I was disputing the fact that i was suppose to pay a delivery fee for a baby that i was going to have 8 months down the road. i told them i was going to have a repeat c section too and the billing dept woman said &quot;well that will be more&quot;.  They had no idea what they were talking about. I called my insurance company about it.  Women Physicians had it ALL wrong.  i stopped seeing them and found another dr RIGHT AWAY. no one i know had ever heard about that fee.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	-1	I am STILL waiting for a refund of my &quot;deposit for delivery&quot; charged to me last November. This practice did not deliver my baby because I ran like hell after an average of 2hr waittimes, a 5 min consult after the waittime, RUDE staff, having to chase the doc out the door to ask any questions.  So I paid for a service not rendered and have gotten the runaround for a YEAR.  I wouldn't trust this practice to draw my blood much less deliver any of my kids.  	 11/6/08	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	-1	I've been going to this practice for years, and I'm sorry to say I've seen the quality of their service plummit.  Most recently, I scheduled an appointment 2 months in advance (that's the soonest they had available), and when I got there, waited for 1.5 hours to have the Dr look at my chart for literally 3 minutes and make her recommendation.  In that hour and a half, no one gave me any status updates. Sadly, this is not an isolated incident.  After 8 years and one child, I am moving on.  Between rude reception, unavailability, poor communication and scheduling, service like that is unacceptable.  I think perhaps they have not grown enough to match the increase in patients, and their service is suffering as a result.  	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Aetna
23	0	The practice overbooks patients therefore you are never seen on time. The Fairfax office is in very poor condition - dirty in fact. Dr Ivey-Crowe has one good nurse, Cammie - and that's it. The nurse that I've encountered the last two visits seemed to have little knowledge of common procedures. She didn't know why I was there, didn't take vitals prior to a procedure and gave me the wrong consent form to sign! Dr Ivey Crowe is always in a rush which leaves me a little uneasy especially now that I'm having GYN issues. I plan to go elsewhere. Dr Ivey Crowe gets 5 plus stars for her wonderful manner and personality -she is a lovely person but it takes more than that to have a successful practice.  	2	1	2	3 	Insurance:Aetna
23	-1	I agree. WORST practice ever. Nothing they do seems correct. From scheduling appointments, meeting with nurses, or if you EVER get to meet with a Dr, to billing.  I have nothing but problems with them and am switching. I think they are very overwhelmed with the amount of patients and running 3 offices. Its all very sloppy. They have made what was suppose to be a happy time in my life, very stressful.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	-1	Worst Doctor Ever!  She supposedly performed a surgery to remove polyps in my uterus.  She told me I didn't have any polyps in my uterus when she got in there.  Two weeks later another doctor performed a test and said I had 5 polyps in my uterus.  Five large polyps don't appear in 2 weeks!  She then told me my uterus was scarred and  I would probably never be able to carry a child.  My new doctor checked me out, said I was fine.  Successfully carried twins full-term.   She is a horrible doctor who is sloppy and basically defrauded Aetna by charging for a medical procedure she didn't do, and they had to pay for the same surgery twice! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
23	-1	Worst doctor/practice ever for your own peace of mind. I was using Womens Physicians of NoVa (WPNV), where this doctor practices, and got NO help during my first miscarriage. I miscarried at home and my husband tried calling the doctor-on-call but no one replied back..we had to go to the ER ourselves. I got no apologies/explanations for the lack of service, but thought it was a one-off thing and let it go. Fast forward to my second pregnancy and guess what..am 3 months along and havent spoken to a single doctor yet, no pelvic exam performed, nothing. They sent me to a specialist for a sonogram and he was shocked too that given my first mc, no doctor had spoken to me yet. Am changing to another OBGYN now, but wanted everyone to be  aware. I think they have lost some doctors in their practice and hence are short staffed.  I had to call the nurse THREE times to get the results of my first bloodwork that confirmed i was pregnant! WPNV sucks! 	1	2	1	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
23	1	The whole practice is amazing. I recommend her to everyone. I have extremely long labors and she let me labor instead of heading right for the c-section. I was given an epidural at 1cm when I requested one. LOVE LOVE LOVE them.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:MAMSI
23	-1	Worst service ever. While I was pregnant with my first son she told me he had a heart defect which was incorrect. See she had misread her hand scribbled notes (from a phone call she had with lab) that stated one of the ventricle of my sons head was small in size. She thought that meant that there was a problem with the ventricle of his heart! Needless to say caused us alot fo pain & agony for a few weeks there. Also during delivery the mid wife in her practice would not give me an epidural stating I was too far along at 2 CM dilated. Found out later form other doctors that there was no reason for me not to recieve epidural! I was not given options just told how things were going to be.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
23	1	Dr. Ivey-Crowe is absolutely wonderful. I probably shouldn't say that because it's already difficult to get an appointment with her because she's so busy! She keeps you laughing, all the while efficiently and skillfully going about her business. Can't recommend her high enough. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Punctual, funny, matter-of-fact. Best doctor I've evern been to. Ever.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
24	1	Dr. Ives is THE BEST.  He has operated on me, family members and friends.  Everyone thinks the same thing about him - just a top notch surgeon and person.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	Great General surgeon. Best in the hampton roads area! Strongly recommended. Can do any typical surgery from remove bumps to hernia repair to cancer surgeries. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	I had a umbilical hernia repaired he did a good job!!! No scar or anything! 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Dr. Innis was very knowledgeable patient and kind to me and my family. He had a comforting bedside manner and appreciate that he took his time to explain everything.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	Great Doctor! Hes kind, compassionate and very knowledgable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	I am 55 with a big smile, but lost one of my front teeth when I was 16. Two springs ago, it broke off while bike riding. Had a good crown for years, then the existing one broke off. I used other dental practices one here in Virgina and another in Maryland, to replace. Two attempts later, with a horrible &quot;toilet white&quot; front false tooth, with a huge gap to gum line later, I asked a friend who models and has the most beautiful smile who was her dentist. This was 2 years ago, and Dr Izadi, AND STAFF, provide excellent dental service. I have spent alot of money to get this right, but it is worth it to me. The quality of care is enormous, and what I want for myself. I highly recommend Dr. Izadi and his office. Awesome quality. 	 5/4/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	You always take care of me and are very kind. Thank you for my night guard. I love it. My teeth feel great. Thank you 	 3/23/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	I had a positive dental experience for most people hearing positive and dental in the same sentence sounds like an oxymoron. But really the Dr. Izadi and staff makes what is typically a bad experience a good experience. I will keep going there and suggest them to my friends and family. I never thought I'd be praising a dental office, but this is the one. Everyone is so friendly and accommodating, and you will leave feeling great about your experience. Thank you Dr. Izadi! 	 2/10/12	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	My teeth look great! I didn't think after just one visit they would look this amazing. Thank you! 	 12/29/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	The office is like no other. Thank you for always being helpful and so friendly. I appreciate that because going to the dentist at times can be scary. Thank you again! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	I enjoyed the personal treatment and attention I received when I went Dr. Inzadi's office. The dentist made sure I felt comfortable and reassured me throughout the procedure. The results were phenomenal and I'm a very happy customer. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	I appreciated Dr. Izadi explaining to me the choices of treatment, and letting me make my own decision. He was not only honest, but gentle, with the end results being everything I had hoped for. I don't believe I've ever had a better dentist. 	 11/16/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Wonderful staff. I love Dr. Izadi. My family and I won't go anywhere else. 	 11/3/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	I agree to avoid this dentist.  I come in for pain, but this dentist doesn't seem interested in solving my problem.  He would like to give me some crowns and tried to hardsell me on the most expensive crown(having nothing to do with my pain) claiming that my current crowns are scary and that I should want the more expensive kind.  As for the pain, he claimed he didnt see anything wrong with the area that was bothering me even though there was a cavity in the area.  I felt like all he wanted was my money and the most expensive (and unnecessary) procedure was the way to get it. 	3	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	I had extenvise work done that may not have been neccesary. My fillings,caps and crowns keep breaking and falling constantly. I have gone back to him many times to fix the prior problms. He is very rude and blames me for breaking them and everything. I have since been to other dentist and was told what Dr. Izadi hase been doing me wrong. He is extremely and unreasonbly expenssive for the poor work and over charge. He also puts some code in the bill that adds to charges with no explanation. I would rather go to hell before going back to him. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	I believe he over charges for upgrades he never dose. He is very rude when confronted. 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
26	0	I feel that i was overcharged for a crown and a filling....they told me they were going to run it through my insurance co. but to this day they have not....very sketchy.... beware 	2	4	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	-1	These doctors are very unethical, they tell you that they are in network with your insurance yet they charge you their office fees by making up codes like &quot;upgrades&quot; for crowns and bridges...that are not allowed by your insurance. If you go here make sure you consult your insurance about EVERY single code they charge. 	 3/17/09	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	Overcharged. does not perform the work said.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
26	1	I really enjoyed my vivt to this office and his staff were ver nice and helpful.. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	0	i was given over $14,000 in bills for my children(2) to have work done. they only had a few cavaties and they wanted to do extensive work and charge soooooo much money.  	3	3	2	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
26	-1	I feel that going to this dentist is a mistake. I feel that I was seriously overcharged. I feel that my teeth were treated very roughly and were in pain and I feel I was not told the truth. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	I feel as if he sometimes gets very irritated by my questions and having to answer them. I am a new mother and I do have a lot. He does not treat you with respect and is very rude and condescending.   I feel as if he just says great this family again. I am sorry if my son is   sick and I want an MD to look at him. He seems like he is in a rush to get in and out of the room not taking much time to do an assessment of my child. His answer always seems to be give it 4 days and if its still there call me. I want answers when Im in the office and not just call if it doesnt go away. I would not recommend this doctor to anyone. 	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	I have been successfully treated for PCOS for years by my primary care physician back in PA. However, after moving to Richmond, I needed to find a new doctor. I spent hours researching a replacement. Dr. Iuorno was high on the list. She completely ignored my comments about my current medical protocol and immediately wrote a script for a high amount of Metformin even though my insulin is so low it's undetectable in bloodwork. Disasterous combo! I'd much rather deal with obnoxious PCOS symptoms than a hypoglycemic coma! 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Dr Iourno is the best! I have been her patient since 2008 and feel she is very knowledgeable and polite.  I believe some people do not take their medical history seriously and sometimes misdirect Dr Iourno's direct instructions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:MAMSI
28	-1	She needs to work on her bedside manners. Being a doctor does not make you a God. She does not like if you ask your own health related questions. If you don't have an MD degree that does not mean she is more intelligent than you.  She is just a medical trained technician. 	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
28	0	No question the woman is an expert in her field, but she has much to learn about bedside manner.  I don't think I've met a doctor with LESS compassion.  She delivered some of the worst news of my life without even stopping long enough for me to digest it.  My car mechanic shows more empathy when he's telling me I need to buy new tires. 	2	5	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	. She is very knowledgeable and a wonderful caregiver! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	Great doctor.  Listens to me, and doesn't disregard my input.  Dr. Iudica is friendly and helpful.   Highly recommended! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
30	1	Dr. Iudica has a great rapport with my young sons and daughter. He has taken care of them since we moved to Harrisonburg. Although I used another doctor, my children much preferred this doctor.  He took very good care of my boys sports injuries and made sure that they did what was necessary to keep them on the playing field in the most appropriate time! He is great in my opinion! 	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	Dr. Iudica is great.  He's  younger but still comes across as knowledgeable and competent.  You won't feel embarrassed or judged when speaking with him.  I've recommended him to many friends and co-workers.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
30	1	very friendly, down to earth, waiting time is minimal - 15 minutes or less, very thorough and determined to rule out serious conditions before diagnosing. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Ive been seeing Dr. Ibia almost 8 years - since my previous doctor and I mutally (and amicably) fired each other over differing opinions on how to medicate during my pregnancy. She promised we could find a way to work together and we have. Yes, I would agree that she's a medication doctor. Sometimes that's what someone with a mental illness needs, and if it's not they should probably primarily  be seeing a psycologist. She listens to me and helps me keep my costs reasonable, but will insist on visits if she thinks there is a need. Our one post-partum couples councelling did not go well, but I think that was a bias towards the parient she knew. I am not a talk therapy person. The office is small and staffed only by the doctor. If you're willing to use email and text, appointments are easy to make; I have never had it take more than a week and I've had them the next day when I was in need. I don't mind waiting a bit - if she runs over with them that shows she takes the time when needed. 	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	She doesn't listen to you or care about you as a patient or person. She is quick to diagnose you. It seems to her the whole world is bipolar or schizophrenic. She just wants to over medicate you. Worst psychiatrist 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	My wife saw this hack for 6 months... misdiagnosed her with a mood disorder and proscribed meds that later are part of a huge class action law suit (Quetiapine). She disregarded any clinical warnings about using such drugs with prior TBI history. She is very quick to push mood and personality disorders. I seriously question this practitioners capability or clinical knowledge. See this physician at your own risk. We are considering a malpractice lawsuit. Further get a second opinion if you are a current patient and if she is giving you free meds samples repeatedly you are part of a clinical trial.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
31	-1	This doctor is so quick to diagnose people with bipolar disorder. She didn't really listen to what I had to say. I had postpartum depression and she made me feel like I was a psycho. I found a better psychiatrist. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	I have seen close to 10 different similar doctors over the past 15 years and Dr. Ibia is the best by far. She asks questions, listens and takes time to get to the root of your issue.  There is something special about her style that shows she is trying to pinpoint issues, not just perscribe medication.  Highly recommend to anyone needing a doctor in this area. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Dr. Ibia is a terrific psychiatrist and is far and away the best doctor (not just psychiatrist) I have ever visited.  At the start of my treatment, she took the time to understand my history and question the diagnoses of my previous doctors (something the others never bothered to do).  Now, I am on a different treatment course and feel better than I can ever remember.  Dr. Ibia is one of those rare doctors who sincerely cares for her patients and this is reflected in the results of my treatment.  I highly recommend Dr. Ibia. 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	I highly recommend Dr. Ibia.  She is in a class by herself compared to many other doctors having the same specialty.  She asks many questions and listens to your answers.  She is knowlegable and dilligent.  She will spend time with you and really attempt to work out your problem.  At times, there can be a wait, but that shows you she is willing to listen to her patients and not give them and rx and push them out the door.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	Dr. Ibia is an outstanding doctor.  I came to see her after leaving my previous phychiatrist who was more interested in just throwing meds at me and shoving me out the door (Hein Tran in Herndon).  I came to her severely depressed and with severe panic attacks.  The first thing she said to me was if she couldn't help me find relief within 2 weeks she would refer me to another doctor for a second opinion...which stunned me.  But she did help and, because of my up and down mood disorder, she watches my meds very closely to make sure they are meeting my changing needs.  Being a former General Practitioner, her knowledge of meds and conditions extends beyond just physiciatry...she pushed me to get my thyroid checked and sure enough I was hypo which can cause depression.  You'll be lucky to have her!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	I like Dr. Ibia, but she can be really nasty when she wants to be. She's helpful in areas where other doctors weren't. Please what ever you do if she calls you on her emergency line don't return her phone calls on it...she will not even put your appointment in her books...you must call her on her office phone only. 	4	3	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	I agree with everyone--she's terrific.  I discovered her after my previous dr left his practice.  Trying to find a new psychiatrist in the DC area is difficult enough; most are not taking new patients or the waitlist is months.  Fortunately she was taking new patients. I can say after seeing her for a little over a year, she's great!  Kind, considerate and a heart of a doctor--caring!!!  I'd recommend her w/o hesitation.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
31	1	Dr. Ibia is a diamond-in-the rough. I have been seeing Dr. Ibia for over two years now. She is the first person in my life that I have ever been honest with about my problem with alcohol abuse. Dr. Ibia has worked with me closely to devise a plan for my recovery. I feel fortunate to be her patient. The front-office admin. is wonderful and very professional. Dr. Ibia is not a doctor for the money. Dr. Ibia is a doctor because she really wants to make a difference in our lives. Thank you, Dr. Ibia...you have helped me to change my life.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
31	1	Dr. Ibia is wonderful. After living in this area for almost 10 years, I've finally found a doctor who isn't just writing you a perscription and pushing you out the door. She is caring, knowledgeable and genuiningly concerned of what is happening in your life. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Ibia'a for almost 4 years. She has literally saved my life. I had not heard of bipolar disorder until I was hospitalized with what I thought was severe depression. I had suffered for years! We have tried several different medication(s)combinations until we found the one that worked. She keeps up on the latest reseach and is receptive to information that I may find while doing my own research, as I am a VERY informed patient, and she appreciates that. She is patient and caring and returns calls within a day. I am down to seeing her every 2 months, because we finally have a drug combination that's controlling my bipolar, but if I have to see her more often, then there would be no problem. Do not judge Dr. Ibia by the first person to review her on this site. This person's rating and review is not typical, and, in fact, is highly suspect. Dr. Ibia is an excellent Dr., and if she can't help you, she will refer you to a Dr. who may be better.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	I switched to Dr. Ibia when my insurance forced me to leave my previous psychiatrist. I was being treated for bi-polar. The adjustment she made in my medication was like giving me a whole new life. She doesn't just push meds, she actually checks what is going on in your life to make sure you're doing the work, not just counting on pills to make you a better person. I have recommended her to many people, including my physician, who has established a very good referral system with her.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
31	1	Doctor Ibia diagnosed me with bipolar disorder, which 5 other doctors missed, and her treatment has put me on the course for a much better life. I thank her from the bottom of my heart for all she has done for me.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	I went to see Dr. Ibia some time ago for depression after experiencing a very tramatic event in my life. She is a very warm kind person and someone I would recommend for treatment.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
31	1	Very knowledgeable about bi-polar. One of the rare MD's that can also do therapy and do it well.  		2	4	5 	Insurance:Aetna
31	1	Dr. Ibia is a terrific Psychiatric doctor. She was very helpful in diagnosing my depression. And has done a great job medicating and keeping my illness on level. I have been treated by her for 2 years now and will continue to do so.  		2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	I see Dr. Ibia for previously diagnosed bipolar disorder. I find her to be knowledgeable, compassionate and thorough. I would recommend her.  		4	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
31	1	loved her. really understood me and helped me with my problems 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	I went for marriage problems & depression and came out bipolar. 8 months and 7 prescriptions later, I'm now being treated for a prescription drug addiction to benzidiazepines that were prescribed. Very UNknowleable about the drugs she prescribes. I went with adverse side effects and she began pulling books off the shelf. I waited 4 weeks for a return phone call after being admitted to a hospital for seizures related to the prescriptions. I usually had to wait 45 minutes past my appointment time and the office staff is only there part time. The office is small, cluttered and over filled with air fresheners. She is basically a medication doctor. Don't expect any type of therapy.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	I work in the medical field and I am constantly in contact with many doctors. I have been seen by many doctors and have not had any luck. This doctor was sympathetic, knowledgeable. Immediately he pulled up my hospital reccords and was very thoroughly.He was able to diagnose my problem, unlike the previous doctors I had seen. Immediately he set up lab work. He cared, unlike most doctors now a days don't. I spent two hours in his office and he did not let me leave until all my doubts and questions were answered.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
33	1	Dr Iyer - is very helpful , kind and great Doctor who cares for the patient first. I would highly recommend this Doctor. He is very knowledgable to cure patients really quick 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	I found this doctor extremely helpful. Not only did he treat me for my illness he actually fast-tracked my appointment with the specialist. In addition he as well as his staff respond to email and will offer same day appointments as far as possible.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	-1	Normal charges are $65 but he charged $100. First visit he told me NO full physical first meeting, second visit he told me just give your urine and blood, when report will come, he will do the full physical next time. Why&#63; I asked, his answer was if there is something wrong he will focus on that area. I mentioned why wait for something wrong to happen and its call FULL PHYSICAL why wud you focus on particular bad results. Well, i did go third time but just to pick up my report and all was well, thank god. He does nothing but ask u to come next time. Some other south indian family comes then he is all friendly and talking family and visits to India. Worthless visits.  also he just tells me this is what is wrong with u go to the specialist. what is he there for I am not sure.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
33	-1	I went to Dr. Iyer several times. He is rather rude and unknowledgeable. He examined me for less than two minutes. On my visits, he was very rough with the few ailments I should him. For my sprained ankle, he grabbed it, swung it around and them told me there was nothing wrong with it. It hurts to this day. In addition, any medical advice he gave me was useless. He told me my eardrum was very messed up when I showed him my tinnitus. Later he referred me to a specialist who said my eardrum looked perfectly normal. He also told me buying an electric toothbrush would stop my gums from bleeding. I bought the $100 toothbrush and nothing happened. He charges $280 per visit before insurance. His advice was useless and his demeanor was very rude. I went to him because it was close to my work, but his advice was useless and not worth the time/money.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Dr. Iiams has done a few surgerys for me and the outcome was great. Awesome Doc. T recomend him alot.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
34	1	My dad just had surgery today on his hand and Dr.IIams was the BEST!!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Besides myself, my son had been to Dr Iams. Just a great guy, very understanding and on a laymans level. He will go the extra mile for you.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	very friendly and pleasant to be around... very helpful and knowledgable and understanding on problems, and a skilled doctor at that... nice bedside manner as well just a joy to be around 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	Dr. Ingram is AWESOME!! He is very attentive and cares for his patients. He takes his time during my visits to make sure I am tolerating my chemo and that my labs are okay. He is very kind, reassuring and caring. His office staff has been nothing but great as well! I would highly recommend him if anyone is faced with cancer. It is nothing I would ever wish on anyone but it's great to know there is a caring doctor and staff out there to help you through it.  I have heard nothing but good things about his partners as well! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
35	1	Dr. Ingram treated me when I was diagnosed with colon cancer at 40 years old (no family history).  Dr. Ingram was very compassionate and patient and answered all of my questions.  He was very attentive to making sure I was staying as strong and comfortable as possible during my chemo treatments. Also, the nurses who administer the chemo treatments are truly angels.  They were very kind and reassuring and took great care of me.  I look forward to my follow up visits with Dr. Ingram.  Thankfully, I've been cancer free for 8 years now.  But, still worry constantly that it will come back.  Dr. Ingram gives me as much time and attention as I need to go over my test results, reassure me and encourage me that I'm okay.  Yes, I am blessed because my cancer was cured and I've been in remission for 8 years.  But, if it ever comes back or if any of my loved ones are ever cursed with this terrible disease, Dr. Ingram is the only doctor I want taking care of us.  He is the BEST and he is my hero.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
35	-1	Dr. Ingram was supposed to meet with my father in the ICU, and after waiting over an hour, after he had been released, my father left. When he went to his appt. with Dr. Ingram, he came in, did not even shut the door for privacy, and after a few words told my dad,&quot;there's the door-you can leave if you want to.&quot; My father did leave, and ended up only having radiation. He had a GMC Brain Tumor and only lived 3 months. I could not believe that ANY DOCTOR would not be more compasionate to someone who had been given their death sentence. I would never recommend going to him! My father knew he didn't have long to live, but with treatments was told he had 9 - 10 months. I couldn't imagine being told I was going to die, and to have a doctor who was so obnoxious and rude! No wonder people in Winchester are going elsewhere for their chemo! I lost my dad, far too fast after the problem was found, and it was doctors like Dr.  Ingram who made his last days on earth a living hell! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
35	-1	Lost bloodwork...bamed it on lab. Didn't callmewith cancer results until 6 months later... I had tohave thelabfax my resultsto Ingram.  Staff was very snotty and unhelpful from the begining.. Ifeltsscared and overwhelmed by this attention to my health.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	really understood my kid's needs.  They just love him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
