dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	One of those doctors that always seemed to really care about me.  I had him for several prenatal visits (requested him specifically), and I've only had one visit when he wasn't cheerful and smiling (sounded like he had a tense conversation outside the door of the exam room with a nurse right before my visit, so that's probably why).  But him on a bad day was like most doctors on a normal day!  When I mentioned thinking about trying to concienve my second child at a routine well woman exam, he was so excited for me it got me excited!  If I didn't have questions, the visits were quick, but if I had a question he always stopped to discuss it.  	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	Dr. Jenet is a superb physician - I am very happy that I found him for my gyn concerns. He addressed my problems perfectly. He is extraordinarily competent, punctual, and knowledgeable. Dr. Jenet listened to me, examined me, diagnosed my problems, and presented the best course of action. The staff is also helpful, and polite.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
1	-1	Doesnt listen, delivered my baby and he made me feel very uncomfortable.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	0	Bottomline, there are better Ob/GYN's available. 	1	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	very good doctor like me he is stubbon but we get along fine . he knows his medicine.just do what he tells you to do.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
2	1	I have been going to him since I was little. He is a great doctor and very knowledgable! I have moved out of town and still travel to go see him when I'm sick.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
2	1	Dr. Jernigan has been my PCP for about 10 yrs now.  He's a &quot;straight-shooter&quot;.  We've developed an excellent working relationship over the years based on mutual respect and trust.  He's compassionate and supportive without coddling.   Also, if he doesn't know something, he isn't afraid to admit it, and doesn't hesitate to look it up!  Quite a refreshing quality in a Doc! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
2	1	 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	He was my PCP in Minnesota before he moved to VA. I highly recommend him! He is very personable & takes it personally if he can't fix whatever your problem is. He will try very hard to help you or find some who can if he can't. He's not afraid to admit it when your problem is beyond his expertise. He's got a great sense of humor too! You folks in VA are lucky to have him. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	The best doctor I have ever had!  Bar none.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
6	1	Dr. Jama gets to know her patients as  individuals and there unique healthcare needs. I would Recommends Dr. Jama to family and friends.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
6	1	Dr Jama and her staff were very pleasant. I went to Dr. Jama with multiple issues—high blood pressure and kidneys issues. Dr. Jama put me at ease by meticulously explaining treatment options and overall management of my health issues. She had not only treated me; she empowered me. Within several days my blood pressure came down and I regained my energy. I also made diet and life style changes that Dr. Jama recommended and I truly feel a million bucks. My previous doctors never took the time to explain things to me. Our relationship was mainly a doctor to patient—one way. I like Dr. Jama’s bedside matters and her comprehensive healthcare approach. I absolutely recommend Dr. Jama to anyone, as I have already recommended her to my family and friends.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
7	1	all I can say is that, I am driving all the way from Leesburg to Fairfax to see her. She is very professional, and pleasant, and always goes above and beyond to make me comfortable. 	 2/27/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	The best dentist ever. I was very sad to hear she had left the leesburg practice, however I was able to find her at her new office. My entire my family &amp; I will only see her for as long as she works. she is so kind, so gentle, and really takes the time to answer all my questions, and her work is beautiful. I had a nice big white beautiful smile thanks to her for my wedding. 	 1/29/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	I have been to many dentist due to  the poor shape my teeth have always been in and in all honesty, Dr.Jahangiri is the only dentist that helped me. She is caring, professional and very good at what she does. She is the only dentist I have ever trusted. 	 12/28/11	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	I It's not often that you come across such exceptional service and professionalism. I can't think of any organization that delivers a more positive experience. Your staff are gems, every one of them without exception, and the environment is so comfortable. It removes all feelings of anxiety about visiting the dentist.Far beyond my expectations and as one who fears the dentist, it was an experience that has changed my view of having to visit for check-ups and dental work.  Dr.Arousha together with her staff at the Elite smiles dental, took a great deal of time to educate me on my dental health and needs. Unlike other dentist, she listened to my concerns and made me feel very comfortable before she began any procedures.   Absolutely the very best in dental care!! 	 10/29/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	Dr. Jahangiri treatment planned me over $10,000 work after my insurance ran dry. I went for a second opinion and found out that I did not need any of the work she recommended.  Beware: this office is only out for your money and your insurance money 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
7	-1	I had a terrible experience with Dr. Jahangiri. The initial tooth cleaning was rushed and not very thorough. Two replacement fillings turned into two caps, a root canal and several thousand dollars worth of dental work. I was not told prior to work that there was any possibility that the two replacement fillings might lead to months of intense toothache pain, caps and rootcanals. When I became understandable anxious and upset in the dental chair, efforts to make me feel better were condescending at best. When I requested my medical records after the procedures, I was denied and had to file a charge with the Virginia Board of Dentistry. The VBoD was able to secure my records and I can now return to my trusted dentist in my old town. I wish I had read a review about Elite Smiles prior to agreeing to replace two fillings, so I thought I should write this review. Good luck with your hunt for a good dentist. They do exist, but I didn’t find them at Elite Smiles Dental.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
7	-1	Incomplete service. No follow through.  Recommends services that are not necessary or required.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	-1	Cold, dismissive, arrogant and condescending.  Stopwatch office visits, more a monologue than a consultation.  Better suited for a profession with little human interaction. 	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Has helped both my wife and me with exceptional care and empathy. His procedures completely solved our pain and imobility at 60 years of age. Have referred several friends and family members (father) to him. Very willing to help, even when insurance doesn't.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
8	1	Very friendly and caring doctor - sat down and actually talked with me and presented different options.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
8	1	very thoughtful and kind physician. staff also very helpful. recommended to me by other doctors 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
8	-1	Dr. Jebraili, though a competent neurological surgeon, needs to improve his bedside manner. At routine office visits he seems more interested in looking at computerized scans rather than examining the patient physically. He can also be dismissive of a patient's physical complaints. Finally, his record keeping and billing is a mess but he will not correct errors in either the medical record or in billing unless these efforts benefit him directly.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
9	-1	Physician did very poor job following my father's condition...he could not figure out a rash that my father still has ... refused to get second opinion from dermatolgist colleague and then has not responded to family members request to give referral to a medical school program, despite his inability to figure out the problem...AVOID THIS PHYSICIAN AT ALL COST ...  father has developed rapidly advancing Alzheimers the past six weeks and convinced the rash all over his body with the associated awful itching for the past 16 weeks has contributed to his decline 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
10	1	very kind,caring & compassionate with great bedside manner 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Great - and compassionate! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Dr.Tiffany and Dr.Lou are very knowledgeable,blessed,and caring. All things you would want in a DC. I have seen and worked with many over fifteen years. I trust them with my children and self. Everytime we are ill we see them for treatment. My family and I are 100 % in better health because of in Good Hands Chiropractic. They truly serve the community educating and treating families into a healthier lifestyle. Thank you , we are blessed to have in our lives. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	We've been with Dr. Jarvandi since our son was born 4 years ago.  Dr. Jarvandi has always listened and respected our observations regarding our son.  Even as a first time mother, when I thought it unusual that my son wouldn't bear weight on his legs, Dr. Jarvandi listened.  When my son was 6 months of age, Dr. Jarvandi was concerned enough to refer us to a neurologist.  Because of him, we've been able take advantage of PT/ST/OT early on, so that our son won't be at a disadvantage starting school.  He has an excellent bedside manner and truly cares for his patients.  Thanks Doc! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	 	2	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Homeopathic treatment by Dr. Christopher Johnson was vital to my recovery from two serious ailments—rheumatoid arthritis and celiac disease.   I also received standard medical and nutritional support, but homeopathy helped the most.    For me, it stimulated the natural healing energies of both mind and body, restoring me to a basically healthy state with very little pain.   Dr. Johnson’s excellent assessment and choice of remedies were the key to my recovery.      I recommend his work for anyone interested in mind-body healing.  Cynthia L. Adcock, Ph.D. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	I can’t thank Dr. Johnson enough. At a time when my 11-year old son was struggling with emotional issues, Dr. Johnson’s careful tender care was instrumental in my son’s turning a corner and growing into the next phase of his childhood. Later, Dr. Johnson helped him through a rash of ear infections and allergies. My son is now healthy and happy in school, which is no small matter for this particular child. I highly recommend Dr. Johnson. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Dr. Johnson saved me from a lifetime ingesting a popular PPI.  After taking an osteoporosis medication I developed esophageal spasms forcing me to avoid all acidic foods and beverages as I would have breakthrough symptoms even while taking the prescription medication.  I read that a Naturopath could possibly help, so I googled and found Dr. Johnson.  After 14 months of seeing him every 4-6 weeks and religiously taking the prescribed remedy I can eat or drink anything I care to without any spasming.  I haven't taken any of the prescrition medication for over a year. I also feel better overall, no sinus infections and my back pain subsided.             At every visit Dr. Johnson was prompt, professional, and attentive to every detail.  His calm demeanor put me at ease immediately.  With my permission he was in contact with my general practioner and my gastro enterologist.  I'll go to him for anything else that comes along and I highly recommend him for anything that might ail you. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Dr. Johnson is thorough and patient. He is genuinely concerned about his patients and spends as much time as necessary to find the right solution. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Dr. Johnson has made a huge and very positive impact on our lives. My daughter was diagnosed with ITP (idiopathic thrombocytopenia) in April 2008.Her platelet level hovered just above the critical low and her hematologists thankfully adopted a wait and see approach. After some research on the Internet I discovered that homeopathy might be helpful. Enter, Dr. Johnson. I found Dr.J on the internet,called his office and we discussed my daughter's situation at length.  From our first visit we felt confident, hopeful and never felt rushed.Dr J always took his time asking as many questions as needed to get the info necessary to assess my daughter's reaction to the remedy prescribed. At the start her told us this type of condition would take time to improve. He was right, in just under 1 yr my daughter's paltelets went from dangerously low to normal. Dr. J is professional,caring and in this mother's opinion BRILLIANT. He has given me confidence to rely on homeopathy for the future. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	My initial intake meeting was 3 hours.  When was the last time a doctor took that much time with you&#63;  During that time Dr. Johnson probed my history in detail to best be able to address my health concerns.  I found him patient, empathetic and knowledgable.  I continue to see him for followup appointments and trust that he will see me through my health problems.  I recommend him to all my friends and distribute his literature from two places of employment. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	0	Kept me waiting, did not take time to explain, looked at my problem for 2 min and sent me to a specialist. Not recommended 	2	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Dr Jackson is very competent.  The staff there is also polite and helpful.  My only complaint is that I usually have to wait a very long time.  This is an adequate/average experience.  	3	3	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Dr. Jeffrey-Coker was the best dr I ever had.  I was her patient for 10 years and saw her numerous times including the delivery of my two children.  Wonderful dr who truly cares for her patients.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Dr. Lami Jeffrey-Coker is the only gynecologist i will use. She makes you feel comfortable and relaxed. She knows her stuff and she knows how to get things done in painlessly and effortlessly. I recommend her to anyone looking for a good gynecologist.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	I've been her patient for 9 years and she is the best doctor I've ever had. She referred me to a specialist immediately after I saw her for infertility and was so attentive when I developed problems during my pregnancy. Her staff is wonderful and I've never had anything but the best care from her.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Dr. Jani is the best!!!!!!!!!! He took his time with me and answered all of my questions. he restored my eye sight from hand motion only to 20/30. Thanks Dr. J and you have the friendliest and most helpful staff. they really go out of their way to make sure you have everything we need and we never leave the office with questions. love you, Kellie and Nicki!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	. Great surgeon and Great Bedside manner ! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
18	1	Dr. Jain is a prodigy.I was seeing 20/15 THE NEXT DAY OF MY SURGERY, from 20/800.He's incredible.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	Dr Jain is an outstanding doctor.His knowledge and manners are very good.He takes the time to explain everything to the patient.He called me after my surgery to make sure i was doing ok.In this day and age it is rare to find a doctor who takes such good care of his patients.Keep up the good work.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	Very Efficient! Great Service ! Finally a doctor who knows what he is doing. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	I find Dr. Jain to be very impressive. He took time to answer all of my questions before my cataract surgery. He is patient and professional.  Over the 3 years I've been seeing Dr Jain for both cataracts and glacoma I have never found a reason to complain about him or his staff.   I should add that I came to Dr Jain after repeated complaints to both my old eye doctor and my primary care doctor over my eyes. Only Dr. Jain realized that I had early stages of glacoma in both eyes. 	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	I am extremely surprised at the comments I see here. I had checked the reviews before going to him and after coming back from the surgery, I am so impressed that I couldn't resist writing this. He is unbelievably sure of what he is doing and walked me through each and every step that he was going to take prior to the surgery. He has already called twice to see how I am doing with my eyes. My wife needs to get a lasik done now and I will highly recommend Dr. Jain. Definitely the best in hampton roads.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
18	-1	Dr. Jain barely introduced himself. He was aloof and inexpressive. He barely acknowledged me. He spoke jargon to the tech the entire time. He gave me the diagnosis and continued to talk about it as though I was a person familiar with the condition. I told him I was scared, but he didn't even acknowledge this. I asked him I should be worried or concerned, once again he did not acknowledge this. He was extremely vague and substandard. He did ask me if I had any questions, but I wasn't sure what to ask. I asked him if there is anything else I should know or anything I should be asking, but once again did not acknowledge my questions. He gave me a two-page print out about the condition. I choose unknowledgeable as the level of knowledge because the brief explanation he provided about the condition was almost word for word from the two-page printout he gave me. I left the office feeling disillusioned & extremely unsatisfied with the horrendously, poor level of treatment by Dr. Jain.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
18	-1	Never explains anything, very negligent and did perform right calculations for my lasik surgery and had to another procedure to correct it and billed me again, though their contract clearly says that for upto 6 months anything related o lasik surgery should be done at no additional cost. Made me sign a consent form in dark where I could not read it and lied me that there will not be any additional expense and later sent me the bill. The most unethical and fraudulent doctor and practice I have ever come across. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Dr. Jafri himself seems to have a lot of knowledge on gastroenterology.  The main issue I have is seeing him.  My past 4 appointments in a row have had to either be rescheduled or switched to a physicians assistant because Dr. Jafri has had an &quot;emergency&quot; every time.  I haven't been able to actually see him in over 6 months and every time I do see him he has no clue who I am or what is wrong with me until I remind him.  He has been my doctor for over a year now so that's pretty sad.  He's either overbooked with patients or he just doesn't really care about them, I don't know which.  My advice is to find another doctor which is what I am doing because I'm fed up with felling like the doctor that I have spent so much time and money on doesn't even know who I am, let alone care.  MOVING ON 	1	1	2	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
19	1	I've been seeing Dr. Jafri for about 3 years now and I have never had any problems.  I do usually wait a while to see him and occasionally he does seem a little bit rushed in the office.  He has an excellent nurse practitioner and I've seen him for two out-patient surgeries.  Both times went very well and he always took the time to answer any questions that I or my husband had.  He explained my condition in a very straightforward manner and always has suggestions for things that I can do to help alleviate my symptoms.  	4	3	4	5 	Insurance:Anthem
20	1	This is an excellent doctor. He has helped my child through 2 cases of pneumonia and was very attentive and concerned. He even takes the time to talk with my 4 year old when he comes in the exam room, read her a short story, and generally make her feel comfortable. I highly recommend this physician.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Dr. Jenkins has been my doctor since his second year of practice, I believe 1979.  He has always taken everything I have said seriously and even though many times I was upset and anxious he would calm me down.  I have been to other doctors for other issues, that didn't get resolved, when having my appointment with him I mention it, he is able to resolve my issue.  He recently referred me to Dr. Roberson for surgery, who I think is excellent as well.  Dr. Jenkins is a great OB/GYN and Williamsburg is lucky to have such a great doctor and practice.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
21	1	Dr. Jenkins has been my gyn for more than 30 years.  He delivered both of my sons.  Dr. Jenkins is a great doctor.  I have recommended him to friends and family.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
21	1	Dr. Jenkins delivered my second son in 2007, another doctor from the practice delivered my daughter in 2008. Though all the doctors in the practice have been wonderful to me over the past couple years, Dr. Jenkins is my favorite. He is not only a very personable man, but always seems to make things seem ok, even when they are not. My very first interaction with him was while I was delivering my son, which he literally walked in and caught my son. If I had not been in so much pain, I would have been laughing... but under the circumstances, that was not possible.  He was very intent on listening to me and my concerns, and after 2 years of follow up visits and complications he has always been very professional, as well as very kind, understanding, and funny! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
21	1	Dr. Jenkins is BY FAR THE BEST OB/GYN ever!  He delivered both of our babies!!!  I had two wonderful experiences with him!!!  I would HIGHLY rec.  him to anyone!!!  He will ALWAYS hold a special place in my heart for delivering our two, healthy children!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
21	1	I love Jenkins. First he's funny and makes light of situations that need to be lightened and also he is very comforting when youre concerned with things. He delivered my sis-in-law and her baby...roberson delivered my baby, which she is great too! They really are wonderful there...although when my water broke, the drs inform you to call the office and I did and someone told me that the on call dr would call me back in 20 minutes...no one EVER called! Luckily we rushed to the hospital. Also, I was 40 weeks and 4 days prego when I had gone to see Jenkins, he told me that there was &quot;no way this baby was coming on her own bc I was only effaced 80% and not dilated at all and I wiould be induced in 2 days. &quot; (that was at 4pm) At 9:30pm that same day, Riley decided she was coming out! She was born 9/21/08 at 11:22am: 6lbs 10 oz! Only God knows :) 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Anthem
21	1	Dr. Jenkins is very good.  He delivered my 2nd baby... and without any tearing or episiotomy!  Very impressive considering I had 2 stitches w/ my first!  My only complaint is that he didn't really listen to my concerns during the delivery.  I felt like he just wanted to hurry up to give me the epidural and break my water so he could make it back home to watch the big game that night.  Overall, I would still say he's a good doctor.  I also like the other doctors in his practice as well... if not more so than Dr. Jenkins.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
21	1	As busy as the practice is, with Dr. Jenkins, you're never just another number.  This compassionate, professional treatment is harder and harder to find in today's times. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	I needed a few crowns. Since I was impressed with other services at Natural Horizons, and was there often, I decided to give Johnson a try. My mistake. Not only did I wind up with irreversible pulpitis, when I called his office the Friday after the initial appointment and 3 days of unrelenting excruciating pain, his staff recommended I come in &quot;next Wednesday&quot;. Well, Monday I hightailed it back to my own excellent dentist nearby who performed the required complex root canal, molded &amp; implanted the crowns on location all that same day. Should have stuck with him in the first place. 	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Dr. Johnson is the only area dentist who was able to recognize the severe, chronic infection my root canalled teeth were causing me by examining panoramic x-rays. I suffered with debilitating sinus issues for decades as a result of other dentists' reluctance to question the viability of root canals over time. Dr. Johnson uses the most up-to-date least toxic materials and methods in providing patient dental care. He treats the patient not just the teeth. He and his assistant &quot;Max&quot; take the time to answer all questions in depth. This is the best dental experience you will ever have. As someone with lifelong teeth problems who has spent more on dental care than many spend on college tuition, I know what I'm talking about. If you have chronic health issues that may be related to teeth issues, he'll be able to tell you. Prices are comparable to what better dentists charge those without insurance. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	Had to go elsewhere for root canal due to irreversible pulpitis. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	Dr. Johnson is a biological dentist, but his main concern seems to be getting as much money out of his patients as he can.  My experience at his Natural Horizons Wellness Center was horrible.  I went in for removal of my mercury fillings, but he quickly diagnosed me with lyme disease (which I did not and do not have).  His sales technique is to play on people's fears and convince them to visit every other pracitioner in his office.  He gives natural medicine a bad name and I feel sorry for people that visit this place.  I would never ever recommend him to anyone.  There are much better options available for people seeking an integrative dental practice.  Even his hygeneist gave a sales pitch regarding additional products for sale in the office.  This place was a joke.  They are all about the $$$$. 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	This is a biological dentist to avoid.  He is with Natural Horizons in Fairfax, VA.  He was extremely pushy to sell his services.  Did a root canal on one tooth, without any regard of leaking amalgam, since the &quot;biological chair&quot; was not available, (I guess the lucrative procedure was his only concern) and convinced me to get an inlay on an other tooth which was perfectly fine the way it was.  He simply damaged my second tooth, and left me with a painful tooth.  I did not trust him to touch my tooth again, and I had to go to another dentist to get a root canal and crown on it.  I learned a painful lesson: always get references for any dental work. 	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	awful 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	By far the absolute best dentist I have ever been to.  All of the staff there are professional and courteous.  It doesn't get any better then Dr. Jeffries.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
24	1	Great dentist!  Very friendly staff.  My whole family likes him.  Currantly have metlife.  Just took a new job and will make sure that I can keep him as my dentist. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Dr Jefferies is a great doctor. I highly recommand his service. I've been seing Dr Jefferies for three years and never been disappointment. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	I didn't think I would fine another dentist as good as my dentist back in my hometown, but I did. Dr. Jefferies may seem young, but he is knowledgeable, professional, thorough, friendly and patient.  He spent an hour and a half with me and did the cleaning portion himself (which he did a great job. My teeth felt like porcelain when he was done). He takes the time to explain things and he encourages you to ask questions.  He won't sell you anything you don't need.  He was even nice enough to bring me a couple of magazines when I had to wait. His staff is also great - very helpful and friendly.  I would highly recommend Dr. Jefferies. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Dr. Jefferies is great!  His bedside manner is very calming.  I am no longer anxious to go to the dentist.  Highly recommend making Dr. Jefferies your dentist. 	 1/19/10	4	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	I have MetLife Insurance, which was not on the list for the review.  I chose Dr. Jefferies off of the reviews on this site.  I was not disappointed.  Dr. Jefferies spent 2 hours with me and my sorely-needing-a-cleaning mouth.  I have major dental fears, and let me say it was the most painless cleaning I have ever had.  He took time the day before Thanksgiving, his last appointment, while his staff had gone home, to give me a complete cleaning and exam.  I have never experienced a dentist going so far out of his way to take care of a patient.  I highly recommend Dr. Jefferies. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	The staff is very helpful with all your questions. They are happy to see you and provide excellent customer service. Dr. Jefferies is a great dentist and I have recommended him to everyone I know looking for a dentist. He would be my #1 choice in the Northern VA area.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	Helpful young doctor. Excellent treatment and overall results.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
24	1	Mark is an excellent yourng dentist. I would recommend him to everyone in the Herndon, Reston, Centerville area. Do not go to another dentist until you call and talk to Mark.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
25	1	He was extremely helpful. His knowledge was outstanding and if he didn't know about something he did his research to find out. Very kind and helpful Doctor. Highly recomended. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	Required three weeks to return phone calls requesting treatment after diagnosis of progressive disease. You can almost see him tapping his toes while you talk to him. 		5	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Very knowledgeable, appears to be very deticated to his patients and his profession, he is very through and takes the time to explain to the patient what is neccessary to maintain good health.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
26	1	I have had a multitude of tests via Dr. Jain's office - stress test, CT's, etc. which I presume are necessary. Thank goodness for good insurance coverage! I have no major heart problems, but the minor ones are bothersome to me, and Dr. Jain and his staff a good at explaining what the heart is doing and what I need to do to stay healthy.  	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Anthem
27	1	. very good dr one of the best 	3	4	4	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
28	1	dr.joel listened to me and treated me with respect.  He is very professional and eager to make complicated situations understandable.  he doesn't give up, but finds solutions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	In January of 2010, Dr. Joel performed my vasectomy.  First, the procedure was painless. What I mean to say is that aside from getting sprayed with cold iodine I usual experience more pain following an aggressive dental cleaning than what I experienced as a result of 15 minutes of out-patient surgery. Dr Joel approached my surgery with the confidence of a trained fighter pilot. Although I'm sure that the procedure was a walk in the park for him professionally, in my eyes, no surgery below the waist is routine. Dr. Joel was professional and knew what he was doing, the same bar he had set for his assistant and office staff. I've heard from many friends about painful experiences. As someone with a low tolerance to pain myself I can only say that all doctors must not be created equal. If you are in Northern Virginia shopping for a doctor to perform your vasectomy look no further and for more complex urological issues I'd bet you would be hard pressed to find a more competent first opinion.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	He treated my father for his prostate cancer. Dr Joel used the latest surgical method in his treatment and is an excellent surgeon. Provided time and care to his patients. Never felt rushed through our appointment, he explained all the options and their side affects clearly. He answered all our questions and addressed our concerns. Gave the family time to consider the treatment and once decision made he scheduled the surgery right away. He has excellent bed side manner, always seem fresh and alert even after a long day. Would recommend Dr Joel to anyone to needs an Urologist.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
29	-1	Dr Jacobson had me see him once before immediately scheduling a septoplasty and a turbinate reduction. After the surgery, I still could not breathe well. The Dr referred me to 4 other doctors and saw me 4 times afterwards asking for $100 each visit. Dr. Jacobson performed my surgery incorrectly and asked to do it again on my pocket. Avoid at any cost.  	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
29	-1	Staff is horrible. Dr doesn't explain why or whAt will happen. Not a good doctor. Go someplace else.  	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Tricare
29	-1	Jacobson, about 34, is superficially personable.  But he doesn't answer questions.  He spends 2 or 3 minutes evading then dashes out the door when one stops for a breath. That's not acceptable at $200 a visit. He is not available to his patients, but passes them off to his clerk.  I have been diagnosed  with cancer and he removed the tumor and surrounding tissue.  The biopsy report showed I was clear, but he wants to cut out more tissue and has refused to explain why this is necessary.  He has also refused to tell me how much tissue removal and the procedure.  Too much hacking and he can maim and disfigure me. I only found out the possible extent from my insurance company's pre-certification letter.  He has avoided telling me about other options. Who knows if he's knowledgeable. The only good thing is he is on time.  Well, he can't be if he spends any time with his patients.  I cannot recommend him in good conscience. 	2	4	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	She couldn't care less about helping you.  Both times I saw her, (I won't be going again) I had questions.  She told me, &quot;Not my area. Ask someone else.&quot;  I mean, that's nonsense.  I didn't ask about a foot problem, you know.  Her predecessor never behaved that way.  Dr. Jeffries acts like she can hardly stand to come down to your level.  You can't trust someone who can't talk to you.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
30	-1	Worst expierence of my life. I was in serious pain and she would not even see my quickly. I would recommend any Dr. other than Kara Jefferies. Just awful. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	AMAZING!!!I can see why its so difficult to get an appt. with Kara Jefferies.  She was extremely patient, thorough and friendly, made me feel very comfortable..  Very personable and relates to you really well.  	3	5	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	Dr. Jefferies is amazing! She took great care of me before, during, and after my surgery. Her bed side manner is wonderful and she really cares about her patients. I plan on her delivering my babies when the time comes.  :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	Dr Jefferies was wonderful and helped us in our decisions for delivering our first baby via c-section. She was kind, gentle and allowed us to be a part of the medical decisions. I was very happy with her bedside manner as well.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	Dr Jajodia is amazing.  She is compassionate and very skilled at getting to the issues quickly.  Her credentials are impressive - she is an internist, psychologist and psychiatrist so she approaches problems very broadly.  I appreciate her conservative approach to medication, and I feel fortunate that she accepted me as a talk therapy patient.  Her office manager, Lauren, is equally amazing.  When she learned that I had a crisis situation, she rescheduled other patients to fit me in for my first visit.  The time that I spend with Dr. Jajodia is worth every penny - I can't recommend her highly enough. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Dr. Johns was there for my family when my father was very ill.  He went above and beyond to make sure he got the best care available.  He is a busy guy, but I can see why.  He is an excellent cardiologist and I would recommend him to anyone.  His staff is very friendly and helpful and they are good at returning phone calls.  If I ever need a cardiologist, I'll drive down from D.C. to see this man.  He's worth it.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
32	-1	I am still in shock at the total lack of compassion this man has.  I will not choose to use the Chippenham facilities for my medical needs and hope that I do not have to go there when my status is terminal.  If you do go at that time you will find yourself in the &quot;street&quot;, in panic mode and having to address issues that no one should have to think about at this time.  I feel nothing but total disgust for this physician. 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Dr.Johns put me at ease from the start. He is quick to have an answer and doesn't pull punches. While in the hospital, under his care, the nurse staff spoke very highly of him. I found Dr. Johns to be quite knowledgeable in his field and willing to take the time to answer all my questions. Dr. Johns does not sit around and shoot the breeze. So, when he visits, usually very early in the AM, have your questions ready and he will answer you. There will be no down time during visits.  No grass grows under his feet.He is not &quot;matter of fact&quot; in his bedside manner. He is caring, knowledgeable and accurate.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
32	0	Very smart man...very knowledgable.  For some, he may have a poor beside manner.  He is very fast, both in speech and visit.  Personally, do not feel he spends enough time explaining things...can come off as flippant.  If you are fast paced and willing to look up info he gives you on line, instead of him explaining it to you, then you should be okay. He is pleasant and very laid back, which I like. 	5	5	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	An incredible dentist!  Very thorough &amp; is always on call.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
34	-1	the staff runs this office. i wish dr. jesneck would be firmer with his receptonists, they are not nice. 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	Dr. Johnson, contracted by the V.A. to establish disabilty claims, performed what was supposed to be an important evaluation on me that lasted maybe 10 minutes instead of 25-30. Having had numerous visits over the years, I can determine if a doctor is competent or not. For instance, he measured my leg muscles by using an industrial type metal ruler instead of the cloth kind that shapes with the leg. By doing so he had a false reading. He counted the surgical scares on my legs, and hastily measured them. That was the physical evaluation he did. He did not check knee tenderness or sublaxation. He did not perform a McMurray's test. He did not touch my legs at all except when measuring with the wrong type of ruler. He was paid for his service by the V.A.  for doing nothing! 	3	2	2	2 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
36	1	Dr.Jerez is the best She treated me with dignity and respect,and apreciated me as a patien and as a person.she is was very patient with me and made a big effort to understant me even thoug i cuoldn't really explain my problems. I thank God  for putting her on my life.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
37	1	The staff and the environment were friendly at the same time very professional.  I definitely recommend them to my family and friends. Very timely precise and courteous, and she has answered all my questions patiently. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Love the office and doctor. She is very knowledgeable and explains every little detail. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Dr. Jadidi is a great doctor...He was very helpful, knows out kid well and it always willing to make that extra phone call to help you out!I highly recommend this doctor.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
38	1	Very good bed side manners. He gets back to the patients promptly.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
38	1	Best doctor i found for my daughter. I see him for past five years.   He is very knowledgeable and friendly and listens to you and very caring.  I highly recommend him to every.  Best doc in woodbridge.  Staffs are not very friendly for some reason and always have sad faces.  	3	3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	Gentle staff.  Dr is well knowledgable in many different areas of Pediatrics. Primary hospital is Childrens in Fairfax, but has office in Woodbridge.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	After seeing seven Doctors in the DC Metro area Dr Jabs was bar none the best! Dr Jabs and his staff treated me great from my first consultation.  I was very pleased to be his patient.  The results were better than I ever imagined and I wish I would have had the procedure done earlier! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Dr. Jabs is a really an excellent doctor and has a great personality, and I will recommend him to my friends and to anyone without reservations.  He kept me informed during the whole process and what to expect before and after the procedure. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	0	Dr. Jabs is a nice and friendly person, but he brushed aside all my concerns and said he has had never had problems. Turned out- I had deflated implant and once it was replaced (painful process which he discounted the pain) was still uneven - left is bigger than the right. very frustrated with the outpatient center he uses, will never go thru any procedure at that outpatient center again!  i have great deal of reservations working w dr. jabs again. he has lots of patients (bc of his experience), but that is exactly the problem - he does not seem to devote too much attention (at surgery time) to you. if you want someone with his experience, but more attention and care, look elsewhere.  	3	4	2	4 	Insurance:Aetna
39	1	My overall experience with Dr. Jabs was excellent. He thoroughly explained the procedure, gave me detailed reading material and pre-op information, and followed through with post-op reviews.He also did a good job minimizing the pain. 	 12/5/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Dr. Jabs did an amazing job with my tummy tuck, muscle repair and hernia repair!! I am totally pleased with his work. He has a great strategy for pain and symptom management with minimal side effects. My pain was never more than a 3 out of 10. My scar is healing beautifully!! I keloided with both of my c-sections but his tecnique is causing my scar to heal much much better than my c-sections. I was even able to wear a bikini in Jamaica last week, only 6 weeks post op!! :-)  Penny is McLean is super sweet and helpful! Maria is abrasive and always rubs me the wrong way but Dr. Jabs is so good that he makes it worth dealing with her abrasive personality.  I would recommend Dr. Jabs to anyone looking for the best and willing to pay to get it! This is not the type of thing to bargain shop for...  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	Dr. Jabs was very professional and friendly throughout my consultations and procedure.  He made sure that I felt comfortable about my procedure and was very informative.  I would recommend Dr. Jabs for any of your cosmetic needs. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	0	I had rhinoplasty with Dr. Jabs a few years ago. Yes, he is a nice doctor, but during my consultation, I felt very rushed (my consult was about 10 minutes), and I was promised imagery but never received it. After my surgery, my follow-up appointments were equally rushed, and he was very dismissive of my concerns with the outcome (I have a crooked, droopy tip and a &quot;polly beak&quot;). I'm now going to another doctor for a revision rhinoplasty procedure this month. 	4	5	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Excellent plastic surgeon! Friendly manner, beautiful work, great follow-up care. I have had several procedures and have been very happy with Dr. Jabs. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	0	Dr. Jabs is friendly but he rushes everything. He doesn't listen to problems and he doesn't take the blame for anything. 		5	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	If you want breast augmentation, Dr, Jabs is the doctor for you! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Dr. Jabs is an excellent plastic surgeon, he made my nose look so much better. :) 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	She is a great  and get staff is so friendly and helpful!  When you get there, it seems like they only service elderly patients but really she is personable with everyone! She had been my family doctor since 2005 and I don't intend to switch.  I liver that she takes her time with  patient and truly cares about you.  She even acts as my gyno and does all of my pap smears... its very convenient!  I highly recommend her to anyone looking for a good quality doctor!  (don't be thrown off by her quirky, hippy clothes though! :-) ) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
40	1	Excellent physician.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	. Had such a great experience with this dr! He us very well spoken and such a great character! Normally radiologist get such a bad rep for being rude but he was opposite! Recommend him to anyone!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
43	1	Love Dr. Jain, he is a wonderful Doctor.  He is very good with children.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Anthem
44	1	Our family had so many horrible dentist experiences that we were about to give up few years ago. We meet Dr Virgil 1st time when we looking for a dentist for my mother. We chose Dr Virgil as she is extremely professional, knowledgeable, passionate and caring. She is one in a million as our family has a very high regards for her. Dr. Virgil and her staff make going to the dentist a literally pain free experience. They are extremely nice people and are very flexible regarding appointments, they are open on weekends. We never had to wait for an appointment or making any changes. Billing has also been completely seamless; they will work with you if you do not have any insurance. If you are looking for a great dentist look no further, Dr Virgil is our family dentist of over a year and we highly recommend her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
44	1	She is very compassionate! Her receptionist was so helpful. I went to her office to have a tooth pulled. She called my pain meds in before the appointment. She personally called me to see how I was doing the next day. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Friendly, caring, wants to go &quot;by the book&quot; though treatment may be extended. Wants to prescribe antidepressants for perimenopausal irritability.  	3	3	4	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
46	1	Awesome service.  I went in nerverous because of possible skin cancer.  Dr. Johnson and staff made sure that I was informed of every move. Not only did he take good care of me he alao made sure that I was okay after hours.  Dr.  Johnson is a truly great doctor/surgeon! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	The staff and Dr. Johnson were awesome.  They were able to see me right away (the same day that I called!) and everyone was quite friendly, helpful and efficient.  Dr. Johnson was very &quot;down to earth&quot; making it easy to discuss my skin issues with him.  I had a very pleasant experience with this office and would highly recommend it to others. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Dr. Johnson takes the extra steps needed to ensure his patient''s needs are met. What''s impressive is his insight to a person''s emotional well being..a rare trait for a surgeon. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	Best cardiologist that I ever had. Takes time to really listen to patients and is willing to discuss,candidly, treatment plans. Helped me through very difficult time prior to heart transplant.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
48	1	I have had Dr Johnson for over 10 years.  She is the best of MCVH.  I refer co-workers to her as well as my family and friends.   AWSOME!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	Dr. Janousek is one of the most professional, compassionate, and honorable MD's that I have met in a long time. Being military, I have seen many Doctors from all over the country and I would rate him as one of the best I have seen, if not THE BEST!! I would recommend his services to any family.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
50	-1	Worst dentist ever! Don't go here if you want reasonable treatment, good care, and a competent dentist . Dr. Johnson is rude and rough. I looked him up, and he doesn't belong to the local dental society. Why not&#63; Very ,very, expensive also. Doesn't work with you and your insurance at all. Uncaring staff.  Stay away! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	Dr. Johnson has a very calm and gentle manner and is good about explaining his treatment. The staff takes good care of you, has always been able to fit me and my family in when there have been dental emergencies, and there have been absolutely no problems with billing. The practice is very &quot;techonology-forward&quot; as well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
50	1	Awesome dentist, Dr. Johnson! He is very gentle and calm which relaxes you. The staff is extremely friendly and works with your needs.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
50	1	The office staff is great about getting you in and very flexible when you need to change an appointment.  They are also great in reminding you of your appointment.  Dr.  Johnson is VERY GOOD!  I would recommend him and his staff to anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	Dr. Johnson is amazing. He has a quiet, soothing voice and is very gentle, which helps because I have anxiety about going to the dentist. My only complaints are that there is one female dentist there that talks down to you; I was in tears. Also, they've gotten super busy, and perhaps lost a dentist or two, I'm not sure. It's hard to get a quick appointment, which is bad if you're in a lot of pain. But when I do get in, Dr. Johnson takes his time and explains everything to me. He's great. And their office looks amazing after the renovation! 	 5/18/07		4	5	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	I have had two cavities filled at Dr. Johnson's office, along with other routine care, over the past year and a half. The hygenists have been good, but I have not been happy with any of the dentists. Each time, I have seen a different dentist. The first doctor was fine, but was no longer practicing there when I returned in 6 months. The next dentist, I saw there (Dr. Gomez) was horrible! She was rude, rushed and unfriendly. Dr. Johnson's office seems to have a revolving door of dentists, whereas I would prefer to see the same person at least a few times in a row. I have given this office three chances, and have been unhappy with the visits 3 out of 5 times. I will not be returning to Dr. Johnson's office.  		4	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	Incredible dentist, but very expensive. Their office will NEVER keep you waiting longer than maybe 5 minutes tops. I have never experienced any pain with this dentist, and I am a pretty hard patient to deal with. He is an artist. I had a bridge done that should be put in the Louvre. I highly recommend him if you have really good dental insurance, if not, be prepared to pay. They do not give discounts for paying cash. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	Dr. Johnson was extermely patient with me. He answered all my questions in terms I could understand. I would highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
52	-1	Dr.Jha has the bedside manner of a &quot;Rattlesnake&quot;  She assumes before asking or listening to her patients.   she rushes thru her appointments and shows no compassion for her patients.  Her nurse is another story in itself.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	Dr.Jha has immense knowledge &amp; grip on her subject. She does not mince words and gives a correct picture to patients. I have had a wonderful experience dealing with her and will not hesitate to recommend her to anyone... ! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
52	-1	She has a bad bedside manner.  Told me I may have to learn to live with my discomfort.  That was her diagnosis! 	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	Dr. Jha is a wonderful doctor.  Her nurses are very kind and helpful.  She has no problem with referring you to a specialist and having tests ordered to get a complete picture of any health problems.  I would highly recommend her to anyone! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	-1	This doctor does not care about her patients nor does she have an appropriate bedside manner. She is known to say things like &quot;The only thing wrong with you is that you're old,&quot; to elderly patients. This woman should be fired.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
52	-1	Appears so uncaring and eager to terminate visit.  	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Anthem
53	1	TMS really helped me. TMS helped my with my depression when the drugs didnt. Anyone who has depression issues should at least try TMS therapy. I WORKED FOR ME! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Jennings since 2003&#63;.  He is VERY knowledgable and helpful.  Is always willing to try different meds.   He is usually running behind, (lol) but his skills and helpfulness bypass this small issue! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
53	1	great doctor. wish i could reach a pager for him or something right now. i'm having double vision and i just started new meds! *sigh* 		4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	Ihave been going to this doctor for 14 years. He knows what he is doing and is absolutely the best with his knowledge, education and the same is true with medication. He also knows alot about not only depression, but CFS and FM and alot of women's issues.  		2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	. Great doctor! You would have to be CRAZY not to go see him!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
53	1	Dr Jennings has a dry sense of humor and he does not put you down. He listens to you, and he lets you participate in your own care.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
53	1	Slight problem with punctuality, but very apologetic. Genuinely seems to want to help people. A wealth of information and yet a very down to earth guy who can talk normal instead of insisting on doctor-ese. Would recommend him any day to friends, family, colleages and strangers.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
54	1	Dr. Johns was by far the best md I've ever been too. I had terrible pelvic pain as well as what I was told by another obgyn &quot;blocked Fallopian tubes&quot; dr johns performed a laparoscopy on me to find out I had endometriosis and my Fallopian tubes infact were not blocked. All within 2 weeks, I had my first appt, surgery and my follow up appt.  now I no longer have pain and I am told I will be able to have children (which the last obgyn I went to told me I could only have children of I did invitro) 	 3/28/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
54	1	After seeing several doctors without success, I consulted Dr. Johns about my pelvic pain. He correctly diagnosed my problem as endometriosis. His personal care and expert treatment has relieved my symptoms. I highly recommend him to my family and friends.  	 3/25/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
54	1	I feel this office puts you first. I had chronic pain for the last 7 years. I had a partial hysterectomy. I'm pain free. I would recommend him to anyone. His staff is wonderful and make you very comfortable.  Thank you all for being so kind! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	-1	I would not recommend Dr. johns for surgery, he operated on me and I ended up with Septis Infection in ICU for 3 1/2 weeks, he seemed to care less about the situation.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	Dr. Johns is the most talented and knowledgeable MD I've ever known.  He diagnosed my problem very quickly when no one else could over a period of several years.  I'm not just a number in his practice.  He always takes the time to listen to me and address my concerns.  I recommend Dr. Johns to everyone who needs a gyn.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
54	1	I believe he is one of the best in his field.   He is very caring 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
54	1	Dr Johns is awesome. At 34 years old the last thing I wanted to do is go through menopause, he made it so easy for me to understand what was going on and provided me with choices. When I had to have surgery he was extremely understanding, thoughtful and knowledgeable.   I would recommend Dr Johns to any woman I know! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	He did the TVT Sling. His treatment of me was as if I was the only one in the room. The staff has been some of the best I have ever encountered.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
54	-1	He doesn't listen to his female patients. Rude when he talks to the nurse while the patient is in the room. Treats you like you're invisable when you have a question.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
55	1	Saved my life. I'm free of all my bizarre OCD rituals and thought patterns. 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Seemed very knowledgable and explained issues in simple terms. Had no problem answering questions.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
57	1	I changed eye doctors to go to Dr Jessup. Super nice man. Cares very much for his patients. Staff is great as well, Very satisfied, would recommend him to everyone. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	He is so friendly and concerned for every patient that comes in. I've gotten to know him over the years, and I can't think of a better doctor in the Roanoke Valley. Also, he just got a new building that is really cool!!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Dr. Jaffe is the world's best doctor. i'm 23 and just stopped going to him since i had to move. you will never find a more compassionate, dedicated or knowledgeable doctor. He will not stop taking care of you until you are better. good about trying to use solutions that don't require prescriptions, but also good at knowing when to use them. totally selfless. not only that, but he is known as richmond's best diagnostic. he will help you, protect you, listen to you and keep you well. i love dr. jaffe.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	I am 36 years old. Jaffe treated me with a rare skin disease and was my primary physician when I was 3 years old until I was in my late teens. Jaffe will cut off his own leg if he thought it would help you. Hands down the best doctor on the planet. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Dr. Jaffe is incredibly dedicated. You will never find a better doctor. If you are sick, he will not stop taking care of you until you are well. He checked on my brother in the hospital every evening for a week after his office hours to check on him. He has been practicing for something ridiculous like 35 years. He also teaches at MCV. His ethics are truly admirable. He can diagnose obscure problems better than any SPECIALIST I've ever gone to. I'm 22 and still go to him because I know I'll never find a better doctor. Great with parents. Seems a little serious at first, but he has a warm heart. A great doctor and wonderful human being.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	. He is a wonderful dentist - I would definitely recommend him and his office! The staff is amazing and he's brilliant! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
60	-1	Went for neck pain. First time waited over 2 hours, gave me an injection to the neck with no numbing! about 6-7 needles very painfull! Talking and joking about unrelated stuff while doing the injection!  Also mentioned odd things to me like from looking at my tongue could tell I was depressed.    weird, insensitive to patinet's pain and condition! Obviously was my first and last him to go to him! 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
60	-1	Went for neck pain.  First time waited over an hour, gave me some exercises and sent me for extensive blood work.  Second time waited about an hour and told me blood work was good.  Did some odd things and mentioned odd things like from looking at my tongue could tell I was depressed long ago. Also had some butterfly redness on my face meaning some arthritis.  Only thing besides exercises he did was do something with some russian taser that he said was used for astronauts.   All way too weird for me! 	2	1	3	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
61	1	. Very personal 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
62	1	I have been going to Dr. Jessup for 18 years and would recommend him to anyone.  In my experience, he has always been friendly, knowledgeable and prompt, has a great staff and an excellent touch when giving anesthesia, etc.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
62	-1	Not very good bedside manner.  Very little patience.  Will not answer questions nicely, when asked.  Just my opinion.   Mind is someplace else when working in your mouth. 	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
63	-1	Nill, poor, Always late,Rude,ignorant. careless,mannerlessand at the end i will say she is not a human being her liscence should be cancel 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	-1	Dr.Jahan is the worst doctor I have ever seen!  She was rude,insulting and rough during the exam.  I would not recommend this doctor to anyone! After having such a horrible experience with Dr.Jahan herself I decided not to go back.  I had to call her office over 6 times in attemps to have her staff simply fax over my records to my new doctor.  Every time I called they would blow me off.  Between Dr. Jahan and her office staff I would say I have never had to deal with a group of such incompotent, uncaring, and disrespectful people! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
63	0	Always overbooked always 2-3 hours late, and when you ask her a question she will say I have another patients.  	1	1	2	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
63	0	always late and sometimes very late.  I usually bring my office work to do as I know that I will have to wait on average one to two hours every time I saw her. This tardiness has been going on many years and seems to be getting worst.  My average visits per year are twice and I dreaded going every time.  Sorry....  	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Aetna
63	-1	I hesitate to refer to this person as a doctor.  She has no regard or respect for her patients, is rude and arrogant, medically uninformed and incompetent.  She lectured my teen foster daughter who is on Medicaid about how she is a leach on the system and needs to get a job and stop wasting the government's money.  She lost the results of the sonogram and made no attempt and had no interest in trying to get them.  We waited 3 hrs for the appt. with no apology for being late.  She was incompetent in her drug dosage prescription and then lied about having done it (its documented on the prescription form).  She should not be allowed to practice medicine anywhere.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
63	0	Im not sure if I want to go back to this practice.  I wasnt told what exactly is what i had(when I told her I had severe itching).  I felt that she didn't care and she didn't want to listen to my concerns. (She specially said she had another patient after me and a meeting).   I need to start looking for another OBGYN :( 	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
63	1	started out rude, but i was stern with her. she got strait to the point and was very helpful in explaining things not understood.  listened to our concerns as well.  	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
63	1	I would not recommend this doctor to anyone. They had a blood drawn and my sugars were very high at that time. No one called me from the doctor's office and I didn't have a chance to followup with her after that. I had to find that I had diabetes 2 months later and my sugars were overboard by that time.  No one was responsible to call with the blood work in her office. It was totally frustrating. During most of my visits I had to wait for a long time, first in the reception and then in the room for almost 2-3 hours.  	1	1	4	3 	Insurance:Aetna
63	-1	This Doctor is very unprofessional and only concerned with the almight dollar.  Her Office is not Ohsa compliant.  Her staff is not licensed.  She is rude to her paitents and staff has no regard for the way she treats either.  I do not recommend anyone see her. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
63	-1	This Doctor is rude and disrespectful to all her staff and patients...I think she needs to retire or GET LAID! 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
63	-1	Lack of practical experience.Not good for any operation like MR and D&C.Her; staffs are very unhelpful.Does not maintain punctuality.Too much professional and not so friendly.  	1	1	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	-1	she does not like to communicate about any results and wants you to get an appointment each time and her staff is very disorganized as well. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
63	-1	I've seen this dr,about 10 years not and each time I regrated! very unprofessional, bad attitude, not friendly doctor.the staff  areevery 2-3 months.The way the doctor talks to her staff is very rude mean and this can be the reason they leave after a short term of working there. She does not answer any questions, she would love you to get an appointment each time if you have any question!! She loves money , I guess!! she would not answer your question if it is not related to her diagnosis for that day! she would ask you go back a weak later if you want to know when to take your pill , for example!~ I am so not satisfy with this dr.  My last visit with her was because My papsmear was abnormal and she said she needs to do a kind of treatment, after treatment she did another paps' but the result is still abnormal,she now asked me to go for another treatment so it might be working! she is not sure thought!That is why this time I am not going to take this anymore and looking for other GYNO 	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:Anthem
63	1	YES! Dr.  Jahan is generally late! However, Jahan is not a Practice and can not be with 5 patients at one time, therefore when you rate her attention to you and the service she provides, it's so worth the wait! As a patient you need to evaluate the service to your time, and no ones time is more important than her excellent service! 	3	1	3	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
63	-1	We visited this DR twice and each time almost cried of why we were there. Very, very, very un-professional, total disregard of patient's feeling. If you make any comment about what you want and traditional or normal birthing etc, be prepared to be yelled at. The way staff are treated by the Dr is also very terrible. I just don't know how long she can keep practising unless she takes customer services or communication classes.I don't even want start talking about the wait. When  you get there, you better have half of the day free up or you will start getting mad after the first hour passes.  	1	1	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	-1	Dr. Jahan is great if you want a c-section on her time.  She did a great job on the emergency c-section for my first.  When I was pregnant with my second I told her that I wanted a VBAC.  She told me that she wanted me to have a c-section because (her exact words) &quot;It is inconvenient for me to attend VBACs.&quot;  She only would consent to &quot;let&quot; me have a VBAC if I consented to have labor induced and augmented with pitocin.  The drug combination would have increased my risk of uterine rupture from 1/7000 to 1/25.  Thankfully I was educated about the risks of a VBAC compared to the risks of a repeat c-section.  Personally, I considered her plans for my VBAC to be deliberate malpractice and consequently I would NOT recommend her AT ALL if you want a VBAC.  But, she does do good work for a c-section if you're fool enough to want one.  	5	4	2	2 	Insurance:Tricare
63	0	dr. is always late .i used to sit for one hour .her staff management is very poor .they dnt reply for the patitent complaints regrading their lab reports.i m a ob patitent .so at last i change my dr.  	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
63	-1	Always VERY late.  Dr. Jahan did communicate well with me, once I finally saw her.  I saw her primarily for yearly visits and dreaded each because they are over 2 hours!  I have since moved on to another OB/GYN (Dr. Kathy Wolfe).  I would highly recommend her.  	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	0	I heard from others that Dr. Jahan was a good doctor but there is a long wait time so I was prepared for that. There was only 1 person working in the office. She was in charge of phones, appointments, cleaning up after the doctor, AND taking blood pressure, urine samples, etc. I waited about 1.5 hrs before I was even given a form to fill out as a new patient. After thinking I was finally in, I was sent back out to the waiting room after getting weight, blood pressure for another 1/2 hr.  When I was FINALLY taken in to see the doctor, she seemed very preoccupied with other things. She would constantly run in and out of the office to do other things. She came in with a sour face, did not make much conversation at all and during my exam I felt very uncomfortable. Dr. Jahan needs more employees and needs to be more organized.  	3	1	3	3 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
63	-1	This office lost my records.  I called both offices to find my chart and the staff made no effort to help me, in fact, they like hanging up on the phone on their patients.  Dr. Jahan never returned my calls.  This is by far my worst experience and I'll be taking legal actions!  They even revealed my bloodwork OVER THE PHONE which is illegal.   This office is completely unprofessional! 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
63	-1	Dr. Jahan is always a minimum of 30 minutes late. Her office is highly disorganized and frequently does not communicate lab results. Dr. Jahan does care about her patients but does not manage her time well.  		1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	-1	The office staff is really rude.  I called three times for a referral.  Each time I was told to make an appointment and call back for refferal. I make an appointment and call back when the office staff quotes Office Plolicy,'Have to See Dr. Jalla First&quot;.  Why on earth did they not tell me when I called three times about the refferal.  Was very rude phone.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Pacificare
64	0	I have to say that Dr. Jalla is very nice and warm. However, I'm not confident I'm receiving the best or most complete care while there.   The only other staff I've dealt with is the woman at the front desk (long curly hair) who is not very nice (borderline rude) both in person and over the phone.  Since we have the same health plan, a co-worker of mine decided to visit this office. She had the same feelings and has also switched doctors.  	1	4	3	3 	Insurance:MAMSI
65	1	He has excellent communication skills. He spent a good amount of time with me and now I understand Diabetes so much better. My last a1c level was 6.2. I highly recommend him. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	Dr. Jakum had written my son's ADHD medication rx for over a year and decided he needed a new psych eval. He told us he would not write another rx until we got the eval.  We had the evaluations done, but didn't have the results yet due to insurance/provider change and my son was out of meds.  He would not write one more month without the eval.  He would not even call to explain why he would not write it.  He drew a line in the sand regardless of the effect no medication would have on my son at school and in spite of the opinion of the psych office.  Needless to say we have changed pediatricians.  	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	. Absolutely wonderful doctor! He is very good at being patient and answering what you think would be ridiculous questions, I have recommended him to 4 friends already, if he moved to a practice 2 hours away, I'd drive the distance for him to stay my sons doctor! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
66	1	Terrible and disorganized staff.  They misspelled our child's name on the first visit and then ended up having 2 files for the child.  After 3 visits, it still wasn't corrected.  Jakum is competent, knowledgeable and kind, but the office is like a factory and despite seeing Jakum 3x in a 2 month time period, he had no clue who we were.  His nurse is very incompetent - almost stuck our baby with the wrong needle, but realized the mistake and then pointed it out to us, which I'm not sure we actually needed to know.  	1	1	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
66	1	Dr. Jakum is extremely clinical and if he does not have the answer he refers to outside experts immediately.  While he is extremely knowledgeable, he still retains a warm bedside manner for your child.  With Dr.  Jackum you know your child is getting the best medical treatment possible and what more could you ask for as a parent! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
66	1	Dr. Jakum is very friendly and takes time to really talk with you and your child. He is incredibly thorough. Very upbeat and charismatic. I have never been made to feel rushed while my child and I are with him. He takes the time to really listen and take action. He is a good person which is why he is such a great doctor.  	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	-1	He never even examined my hip and almost sent me off for 3 weeks without any advice or direction for home care when I couldn't even walk, sit or lie down. Only after I questioned him repeatedly did he look at my xray again. That is when he noticed a possible fractured femur. Really&#63; At least at that point he ordered an MRI.  	3	4	1	2 	Insurance:Anthem
68	-1	Jalber mis diagnosed a lump in my sisters breast- dismissed it as a milk duct a year later was found out to be cancer stage 1-2, She is fast to dismiss any concerns and she does not listen to her patients. I am hoping that anyone looking for a Primary Care Physician would check rating like this to avoid using doctors that are out there doing harm to their patients.  	4	4	2	1 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
69	-1	Do not recommend.  She does not listen, and does not spend time with you.   You end up seeing nurses. 	4	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	. she is thorough, Understanding, knowledgeable, great surgeon which I needed because I had to have very evasive c-section, thoughtful, friendly, 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	Dr. Jefferson is the best OB-GYN in the area!  She is very knowledgeable.  She actually takes time with her patients, thoroughly explains, listens attentively. She is an excellent obstetrician for high-risk or no-risk preganancies and general gynecology.  She is personable and genuinely cares about her patients.  I wouldn't see anyone else! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	Dr. Jay is the best! He is caring, kind, professional, and always looks out for your best interest. He knows that the visit to the dentist can make many people anxious and he always tries his to put you at ease. I have had major work done through him (titanium implant and crown) and also regular dental work (fillings, cleanings etc.) and he has always been stellar. I hear he is also excellent with children. I have recommended him to everyone I care about and they feel the same. I recently got three cavities filled and he contacted me personally by phone the next day to check on how I was doing. He sent me a lovely thank you not note when I referred a new patient to him. His staff are always on top of things, they are also excellent and caring people. Dr. Jay is one of the best in the area and his practice is thriving because he shows that he cares about his patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
71	1	Its always nerve wrecking to go to a new doctor but the staff made me feel very at ease and Dr. Johnson was very helpful and answered all of my questions. I would highly recommend him.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
71	1	does  not accept voice message outside of hours; has no web presence or email capability.   Prescription desk response to messages very slow 	1	2	3	4 	Insurance:Aetna
71	-1	I found him to be mostly unhelpful when asking about how autoimmune disorders could affect the schedule to get infant vaccinations.  But worst of all, they are fascists about getting a social security number, and will demand it.  My insurance company was amazed they did this, as no one else does so.  This office is an identity theft incident waiting to happen. 	1	4	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
71	0	Nice doctor, and well regarded. Be wary of the pratice administrator, who is draconian when it comes to overdue balances--even if you are unemployed, have explained the situation, and are attempting to work with the practice. My experience with her left a very bad taste in my mouth, as there's no point in bullying someone who is unemployed. The physician assistants in the pratice are really nice, though. Also, don't waste time asking for a referral out of the practice--I made three requests and never got the courtesy of a response.  	1	5	1	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
71	1	Dr Johnson is a very caring person and takes time to listen to what you have to say.  He is very knowledgable and has helped me alot 	 5/18/08	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	Dr. Jackomis is excellent at small talk and he seems very genuine.  This helped put me at ease (I hadn't been to a dentist in over 5 years).  He was very thorough and he explained everything.  He wasn't pushy.  He took the time to ask questions, both related and not related to denistry.  My experience was good and I plan on becoming on returning.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
72	1	We love Dr. Jackomis.....I have read the other comments about him being too personal.....it's only because he truly cares so much about each patient....people have forgotten what true caring is because we see it so infrequently.  The quality of his work is second to none and we would choose him over any doctor &quot;in Network&quot;.....he is worth the extra $.  I disagree with the people that say he pushes for more work instead of just doing the basics.....Dr. Jackomis will explain your options and let you decide....but he always gives you alternatives.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
72	1	Absolutely the most care professional I have visited in years.   Staff is exremely patient oriented and very helpful 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
72	1	Other comments here are right on- Dr. J is a great dentist and cares about doing a good job.  I've been a patient for about 4 years, having been referred by a work colleague after moving to the area. He will call you back personally and come in on the weekends for emergencies, and you don't get that too often! It's said that your strengths are also your weaknesses, and I agree w/ the other posters here - he's far too personal for a dentist (I don't want to talk politics in the chair - that's what the weather is for; he asks for postcards from patients on vacation, and advertises them via the display on the front desk - I can barely crank out a card to my mom much less my DENTIST - what's up w/ that&#63;). And one poster noted that he uses the very latest technology, but sometimes &quot;appropriate technology&quot; is called for.  Dr. J won't do a simple filling if he can do an inlay/onlay/ceramic thing.  He is always pushing for the latest new treatment, which I don't always feel I need. 	 5/5/09	5	3	5	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	I've been to other dentists, Dr. Jackomis really cares about you as an individual and your family.  He loves being a dentist and it shows, he is very intelligent, he has a law degree and went to Notre Dame.  If you are looking for a dentist with alot of professionalism and personality, he's the one.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	my parents found rick a few years ago and could not stop talking about how good he is. they had used some great dentists in the area, but they had retired so they had to find a new one. he uses all the latest techniques and equpiment. the one thing that sets him apart is that he is honest, and practices actual medicine...he is very talented. he filled a cavity for me and i felt absolutely nothing; and he did not numb me with novacaine; he used a really cool laser device that numbs the nerves to a particular tooth. his whole staff cares, and his dental hygenist is very good (she teaches hygene at night at an area college). go see him..you wont be sorry. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	Waited 30 minutes for appointment. Dr. Rick is too personal. I was very uncomfortable with his questions and comments.  	2	1	3	4 	Insurance:Delta Dental
73	1	Dr. Jamison is a wonderful doctor in all aspects. He is very caring and listens to what you have to say and how you feel. I've been a patient for 3 years now and have no intentions of changing.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
73	1	Very caring, very knowledgeable, and will spend as much time as necessary.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	The very best doctor around.  Has excellent bed-side manners.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
73	1	Dr. Jamison is the best.  Listens - really listens to what you say, does not prescribe tests or prescriptions without proper reason.  Takes time to talk and provide patient involvement in treatment and cares about patients.  Not quick to diagnose go get you out of the office and on to the next patient.  Highly recommend.   I've been his patient for over 10 years 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	Excellent physician.  Very patient & caring demeanor.  Extremely knowledgeable and very willing to answer patient's questions to their level of understanding.  Staff also exceptionally helpful and friendly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
74	-1	Horrible doctor. Very unprofessional and has an attitude problem.  She start yelling at my wife and I in the reception area telling us that she doesn't care because we have MEDICAID. Shuld quit doctor !!!!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
74	1	I have seen dr jahan recently. what is different about dr jahan from other drs is that she works very fast . she saw me and started the treatment right away without wasting any time. she captured what my problem was right away .she gave me proper medication.I feel a lot better.I am glad that I went to her for my treatment .Every time I went to her office she was on time . 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	-1	It dosent take a real expert to realize doctor Jahan may need to be checked on herself. She has an attitude beyond imaginable. For god sakes im coming for your advice, not to get yelled at! I will never walk back into her office again, I can assure you this is not where you want to go! Take your money and your health issues to someone who actually makes you feel important.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
74	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Jahan’s for over a year.  I was referred to her after suffering a stroke.  She began treatment by performing an examination that fully characterized my overall condition, established a baseline of my condition and began a treatment program that was a combination of rehabilitation and stabilization of my condition to reduce the likelihood of another stroke.  I liked that approach and the desired outcome.  Her professional approach and treatment plan was very reassuring.  Her office staff is equally effective in dealing with their workload.  While on a trip I found myself running low on medications and called her office.  The staff phoned a “Bridge” prescription to a local pharmacy and I picked it up and didn’t miss taking a prescribed medication on time.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
74	1	The most compassionate and respectful physician I have ever met. I am so happy to have found Dr. Jahan. She sat with me and answered all my questions and addressed all my concerns. The staff is great and works with you to ease your worries.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
74	1	My mother has recently become a patient of Dr Jahan's for treatment of neck pain and numbness in her arm following a traffic accident.  Since I live out of state from my mother, I wanted to get some feedback on her new Dr. I must say I was very concerned by some of the comments posted on this site, but also realize that people are often more likely to speak out when they have a complaint than when they are completely satisfied. Nevertheless, I felt it was important for me to get a first hand impression of my mother's care, since the last thing I wanted was for someone to just overmedicate her with strong pain pills and send her home to stumble around and possibly fall! I planned a visit to my mother to accompany her to her next appt with Dr. Jahan and what a relief! She was courteous-referring to my mother as &quot;madame&quot;-she was professional and knowledgeable.   Best of all she is helping my mother get relief from her pain and numbness without the risks of narcotics for an older patient! 	 8/14/10	4	4	5	Insurance:Aetna
74	1	After having read the reviews on Dr. Jahan, I was skeptical to become her patient. However a friend of mine, who went through a series of inexperienced and impolite neurologists before finding Dr. Jahan, strongly encouraged me to visit her. I now can thank my friend for introducing me to the most compassionate and thorough physician I have ever met.  Dr. Jahan made my condition her primary concern. While treating me she also focused on building a patient-physician relationship with me which made me view her as trustworthy and responsible. I think that those who have rude and incorrect statements to make about Dr. Jahan where probably seeking narcotics or false sick leaves/ immigration forms as opposed to real treatment and after Dr. Jahan was able to see right through their motives they in turn wrote such false reviews as a form of revenge. My response is to take my advice: if you are looking for an intelligent, caring, and thorough neurologist go to Dr. Jahan.  	 8/11/10	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	-1	Having accompanied my wife to an appointment with Dr. Sheila Jahan, I would like to honestly ask: what is this woman doing in the medical profession&#63;  My wife was experiencing a tingling sensation in her arms and legs and wanted to be examined.  When Dr. Jahan entered the room, she started firing questions quickly at my wife.  My wife, who is not a native speaker of English and was very distraught about her condition, tried to answer as best as she could.  The first time my wife did not understand Dr. Jahan (who also has a thick foreign accent), yelled at her and proceeded to interview me concerning my wife's condition!!! After firing three questions at me, she preformed the most perfunctory neurological exam imaginable (i.e. can you move your legs and arms&#63;) and stormed out of the room saying my wife should see a psychiatrist.  I was appalled!!!!! 	 6/16/10	1	3	1	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	I have been seeing Dr. Jahan since 2007.  Thankfully she has some new staff now and they are much better.  They recognize regular patients and are efficient and capable. Dr. Jahan is a godsend.  I see her for chronic migraines which greatly interfered with my life before she helped me.  She stepped in where other doctors had let me down, ran a battery of tests in order to ensure that there were no life threatening problems, and got me on a regular course of medication to treat them.  She insists on regular annual checkups to adjust the medication if necessary and to check on any side effects.  I find her manner to be professional, caring, and compassionate, and she has a good sense of humor.  In fact, she is my favorite doctor.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
74	-1	As the nurse walked me back, I asked, “where are your business license and the doctor’s credentials”. The nurse walked out of the room and said, “oh they are here, she took me to a blank wall, than she said “oh no it’s not here let me get the doctor”. When the doctor arrived I knew than something was wrong because she was hostile. So,I asked “where are your business license and your medical credentials”&#63; She said “in my office in Alexandria”, I said, “well I need to see them before you can provide services to my son”.  She became Irate and said “leave my office now”, I said “I am”.  On my way out, I asked the receptionist for the doctors card  and a pen, by that time doctor Jahan was behind me screaming “get out get out”. When I got outside I realized she had my check and the forms that I filled out with my social security number on them so, I wanted it back.  I called the police so they could help me retrieve these things.  The Dr. lacked the care and compassion doctors posses.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	-1	OMG! This supposed doctor kept telling me I was dying. Not 1X ,not 2X but 3X in 60 days!! 1st time she said the arteries in my brain were clogged and my brain wasn't getting enuff blood &amp; oxygen. The 2nd time she said the corteroid artery in my neck was kinked. Again, my brain was suffering. I only had between 1 day to 1 yr to live. Supposedly I was just going to drop dead one day. I warned my boss, family, friends, everybody I knew. I wanted them to be prepared and I even told them &quot;goodbye forever&quot;. That was 10 yrs ago. I felt like an idiot. I forgot why I was supposed to die the 3rd time but I finally went to another dr. He sat next to me, showed me HER test results, explained them in detail and said I was perfectly healthy and not dying. I called her staff (who were mostly teenagers at the time) and told them what I thought of her. It wasn't pleasant for them but I'm sure it's why I'm still alive, happy and healthy today. It was my STRESS RELIEF to get rid of her from my life.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
74	-1	Wish I had read other reviews before going to this provider. One of the worst one for sure that I have ever seen. A guy at blockbuster store will give you more time and service for your couple af bucks spent there then this one for thousands she will charge for her service. AVOID! 	2	4	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
74	1	Doctor Jahan has been my doctor since about 2000.  She has always been helpful and listened to me.  I suffered from seizures, migraines and back pain.  I would recommend her to anyone.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	-1	My PCP referred me to Dr. Jahan's office due to the pain I've been experiencing in my hands...my hands!  After the technician finished the first part of my exam...Dr. Jahan decided she wasn't going to show up today for work, so I had to reschedule the second part which took all but 10 minutes after waiting 25 minutes to be seen.  Dr. Jahan did not explain what she was about to do to me..when I asked questions she brushed me off...wrote me two prescriptions (which I'm getting a second opinion on) and walked out of the room yelling at one of her other patients children...I had blood running down both my legs...i ran out of there like a bat out of hell!!!! I felt like complete garbage when I left that woman's office...I personally think she writes herself prescriptions since she seemed very figgity and aggitated...I wouldn't recommend Dr. S. Jahan to my worst enemy (if I had any)!!! My advice...BEWARE..BEWARE..BEWARE 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
74	-1	I saw Dr. Jahan three times. I should have turned around and left before my first visit. In fact, I almost did, because the office is so unkempt. However, I was experiencing severe neck pain and stayed. She performed an unnecessary, expensive (and painful) test (and also sent me for an MRI, which was probably appropriate) and then gave me a goody bag of medication, none of which did anything good.  On my last visit, when I asked if my troubles would lead to a compromised posture, she replied, &quot;We women lose so much as we age.&quot;  My impression is that Dr. Jahan is far more interested in your money than your health. My advice:  Beware! 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
74	-1	I was referred to Dr. Jajan by an insurance company. They never sent her my medical records, she did not request my records and never told me that she did not have any medical records on me.  Based on this she made a medical determination that nothing was wrong with me, insulted me my calling me a fake and telling me that I was ripping off the system.  She was very unethical, rude and her failure to get my records indicates her incompetency. 	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
74	0	My primary care doctor Dr. Fozdar, a good and caring doctor, referred me to her. I told Dr. Jahan was in a lot of neck pain everyday now and migraines 1-2 times a month, but she became incredulous when I told her I wasn't on medication. Well, I'm not a doctor and can't self-medicate. Then she couldn't understand why someone can't work when they have a migraine. I asked her why she couldn't understand this, and realized I was in the wrong place. She ended up prescribing one good medication, but I won't be going back. 	3	5	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
74	-1	Dr. Sheila Jahan lacks the compassion that most doctors naturally have. Although she has the credentials to be a neurologist, she does not have the mannerisms of one. Use this information to your advantage, and find another neurologist.  		1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	I have been a patient of Dr.Jahan's for over 5 years. She is highly educated, well-trained, very qualified, and a remarkably experienced medical doctor. I have consistently found her medical advise to be fundamentally sound and relevant. Moreover, she is a thorough, compassionate, and effective medical professional.For those who need the services of a highly qualified and experienced neurologist, without hesitation, I strongly recommend Dr. Jahan.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	After suffering for a long time with severe migrains and going to 5 different specialist I finally got some relief after Dr. Jahan treated me. She took me off of all my medications and treated me with one medicine that has cured me. She was very warm and understanding. She immediately ran a series of tests that other doctors failed to run. She was very thorough and very knowledgable. Her staff is very friendly. One girl has a bit of a strong accent, but otherwise is great and helpful.  		4	4	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
74	-1	Went to see Dr. Jahan for an unknown problem on 3 occasions. Each time she was late by more than 30 mins, on one occasion I had to leave the practice (with a 30 minute commute back to work myself) because she was so late in travelling between her 2 practices. I was effectively diagnosed through nothing other than a brief conversation, having had the problem baffle 2 neurologists and a neuropsychiatrist in the past, and handed some trial medication in front of people sitting in the waiting room. One staff member quit in front of me, and another gave me the 'answers' to a test I was having to determine whether I could sense hot/cold on my face.  		1	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
75	1	I was not happy after this Dr. did a colonoscopy on me. Told me I had diverticulitis when I was half asleep. I called back later to talk to him about this diagnois, his staff wouldnt let me talk to him. I was told I would have to make an appt in order to talk to him about this condition. I don't even want to go back to him now. You pay so much for the colonoscopy  and then you can't talk to the Dr about it without making an appointment. I would not recommend him.  	3	4	3	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
76	1	This was the doctor taking the x-rays, but was very kind and took the time to ask about my kids and hobbies.  All the doctors at this office listen to you and seem very sincere in wanting to help, not just give me another drug! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
77	1	I travel 1 1/2 hrs each way - he was great!I would recommend alwayshe gave me tons of time and was caring.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
77	-1	Dr. Timothy Johnson is very arrogant and does talk down to you if he feels you question him. I will not see him again. The staff is nice and friendly. Hopefully Dr. David Johnson has a better bedside manner but I am not going to stick around to see. There are too many other Ortho. doctors in the area to have to deal with the arrogance. Also, he chewed my WC case manager out for asking one simple question on my behalf.  	5	3	2	2 	Insurance:Workers Comp
77	-1	I saw Dr. Johnson for pain in my shoulder.  He gave me a cortisone injection in my shoulder.  When he injected the needle; blood squirted out like geyser.  I’ve had numerous cortisone injections in my shoulders; and no doctor has ever done the injection in the top front of my shoulder; rather the back top.   The next day I had a bruise 2 inches long and an inch wide (I have never had a bruise before or since from an injection); and more pain than before.  When the pain nor bruising had not subsided a week later, I called his office.  They told me to come in to have it checked.  When I arrived, they wanted my co-pay.  I told them I’m not paying for co-pay for a visit necessitated by the doctor’s injection. I just walked out.   Some weeks later I had a cortisone injection in my shoulder from a Physicians Assistant in the top back of my shoulder:   no blood squirting, no bruising; and pain almost gone in a week.  I would not trust Dr. Johnson to give me another cortisone injection; let alone perform shoulder surgery on me.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
77	1	Dr. Tim Johnson was very helpful regarding my hip problem.  He spend a great deal of time with me discussing the various options.  Good recommendations.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
77	-1	Dr. Timothy Johnson has the worst bed side manner I have ever come across. He was rude and talked down to me.  I would not recommend this doctor to anyone.  He seemed like he didn't want to assist me with my medical issue and talked down to me for trying to tell him about my condition. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	This practice is run by Dr. David Johnson & Dr. Timothy Johnson.  It is a new facility and the staff is extremely friendly.  Dr. Timothy Johnson was very comprehensive, spending at least 30 mins doing the initial assessment.  I have heard from many people who are not from the Lansdowne area that they would drive the distance to go to this clinic.  I recommend these guys to anyone looking for comprehensive orthopedic care! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Dr Johnson is Allways ready to help!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	My daughter found Dr John Jane, Jr on the internet  when I found out I had a pituitary tumor, He is a  great Dr. and has a great personality, talks to you like he has known you for years, He did emergency surgery on me Nov 2008 , HE IS A LIFE SAVER. Thank you Dr. Jane.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Aetna
79	-1	Let me make it clear that I am rating Dr. John Jane Sr. I have been familiar with him for many years. He use to be kind, caring and well educated. I am sure he is still educated, but the kind and caring is part is history. There seems to be no communication in this office and if you try to speak to him about it he denies it. He would tell me one thing then write my physician and tell her something totally different. She started making copies of these letters and giving them to me because she felt I was being discriminated against. In 2010 I tried to make a follow up appointment and was denied. MEG said she could not believe I wanted surgery. I told her that I never wanted it but my condition was getting worse and I needed a re-evaluation. Again she refused. I was also told by another staff member that I must be doing my therapy incorrect. When I told Dr. Jane this he denied it. His last letter said he was going to call me but it has been weeks and no call. What happend to integrity... 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	He has good bedside manners and cares for his patients.  He is very knowledgable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
79	1	I have a wonderful miracle named Junior Wimer!!!! Dr. John Jane, Jr is an AWESOME Doc!! He saved my husband on many occassions with surgeries that surely would have ended his life! He never gave us false hope when we had very little and he was always giving us the truth, and not just saying what we wanted or needed to hear...My husband spent many months at UVA and soon we grew to love all the care that Dr. Jane was giving to Junior..He's truely given my family a miracle on many occassions and w/o his wonderful hands and knowledge I would not be able to see my best friend and husband everyday!! We continue to use his services and will continue to do so in the future!! Anytime we have a problem, Dr. Jane or Sara RObers always gives me a call back with a few minutes of my call..I know that Dr. Jane will never know how much he does, but we are forever greatful that we met him in the ER at UVA on an unforgetable Monday morning many years ago!!! THANK YOU DR. JANE FOR MY MIRACLE!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	-1	WAS REFERRED TO DR. JANE WAITED ALMOST 2 HRS TO SEE HIM FOR HIM TO COME IN A TALK TO ME FOR ABOUT 3 MINS. NEVER ONCE LOOKED AT MY MRI AND MRA OR MY REPORT JUST TO TELL ME THAT HE WAS PASSING ME OFF TO ANOTHER DOCTOR FOR A PROCEDURE THAT MAY OR MAY NOT WORK. HES ANSWER TO ME WHEN I ASKED WHAT IF THIS DON'T WORK - WE WILL JUST TRY ANOTHER... VERY BAD BEDSIDE MANOR AND WON'T EVEN EXPLAIN THE PROCEDURE THAT HE WAS REFERRING ME TO THE OTHER DOCTOR FOR.  	2	2	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
79	0	Dr. seemed very knowledgable but had very bad bedside manner. Was unable to help with my back pain said I needed to loose weight, when I told him I had lost close to 20 lbs no the pain didn't get better he told me to loose more. I drove 2 hours to see him because I was under the impression he knew my problem I was able to help me, But he was unaware of my problem and said I did not ask you to come and see me.  	4	4	1	4 	Insurance:Anthem
79	1	I've had a brain tumor since I was 3rd grade. I've had more then ten doctors and Dr. Jane has been the best. He has treated me like a human being and has had more answers then any of the others. I've been with him for the past 4 years or so. Because of him I don't see double, I no longer have migraines every day, and I know why I have such bad problems with learning. He has never done a surgery on me... he sent me to specialist and I didn't need a surgery. At least not if it keeps not growing.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
79	-1	I took in my elderly mother to be seen about a congenital problem that had suddenly beomce symptomatic and she was in excruciating pain as a result. After researching the condition thoroughly myself and reading medically published papers and MRIs in hand, we went to see him. WE waited over 2-3 hours and we had driven long distance to come see him. Ihad already told his nurse and office staff that my mother has trouble sitting for long periods of time from the pain. After all that we were the last to be seen and it was already 4:30pm. He finally sees her for 15 minutes at teh max and orders surgery and that his nurse will call me in aweek with a date. Well 3.5 weeks went by and no call. SO I call, and was told that he is busy with several brain tumors and she will call back with a date. Another 3 weeks go by and my mother is begging me to do something. I call and complained, they give me a date 4 weeks later! We went to Dr. Ward in Richmond MCV, best dr.  ever and he saw us right away! 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	-1	I was so excited to go to UVA, as I expected good quality care from a Medical Center School. And so tired of being in pain! Dr John Jane never touched me for my first visit! With MRI in hand, that Showed Multiple Buldged and Herniated Disc's, L5-s1, canal stenosis, Spondelosis  and offered PT and Pain Management.  I questioned him as I had a copy of my MRI and had done alot of research on my conditions, and wanted him to know that I really needed a proactive approach at 46 mother 6 year old and very active, was surgery going to be inevitable.He gruffly ordered 2 test's Mylegram/CT Scan. I waited patiently for a week and no call. So I sent an email of disastisfaction. I received a message to go to PT and Pain Management.  I requested all my test results and Dr notes. He sent letter to my Primary Dr.  after 1st apt, &quot;examination shows she is obese! and nothing else,&quot; (5'10, size 12 shoe, big bones 220lbs) 2nd letter to Dr says &quot;mild to moderate changes&quot; Lets Just say, GET YOUR RECORDS 	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
79	1	 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	-1	Dr. Jane did not admit problems with surgery until made to do so. He did not explain important results of surgery to the pituitary gland and denied side effects that followed. He should have been more forth coming with conditions that will occur after the pituitary gland is injured enough to become non-functional. This information would not have changed the end result but would have certainly made visits to the emergency room later more understandable. Before an operation, MAKE him and Dr. Vance explan what happens when the gland shuts down after being nicked during surgery and what the term &quot;adrenal insufficiency&quot; means to your life and how it can be fatal. A surgeon should be TRUTHFUL. He and Dr. Vance definitely denied facts to us and then changed to say they are doing things different later. Check with an outside endrocronoligist to make sure you ask all the right questions prior to surgery. Compare answers.  	3	4	1	2 	Insurance:Tricare
79	1	I can not begin to praise Dr. Jane enough. He has done wonders for our daughter since she was just a few hours old. He is polite, punctual, and his nurse practitioner, Sarah, is wonderful with children. Dr. Jane takes the time to explain everything.  Again, we can't praise him enough!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
80	1	Dr Javier is a blessing. It hard to believe there can be a doctor who is as kind caring and through as I found him to be.  Most importantly, he is a great listener.  I'm not sure I would back to myself if it were not for him being so through and finding one of my problems.  My previous Dr. I had for years could have easily discovered this issue through the correct blood work yet never did and therefore I suffered unnecessarily. I'm so thankful to have found Dr Javier and that was originally at an urgent care.  I absolutely love this Dr. and wish they all could be as caring as him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
81	-1	He does not run his practice, his practice is run by medical school students, staff is very unhelpful and arrogant. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
82	-1	Dr. John was rude and disrespectful. She does not even acknowledge a patient walking in the room, rolls her eyes as you describe your symptoms, and offers no helpful advice. She also orders unnecessary tests. Worthless doctor.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	Dr. John took her time to take a detailed history, performed a very thorough exam and so far I have responded very well to treatment she recommended.  The office staff were polite and very helpful.  Overall I had a great experience.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
82	-1	Would not recommend to anyone.  I came in and within 10 minutes she had an initial diagnosis which she stuck by despite all indications to the contrary.  Had an MRI months later which the Radiologist confirmed as normal, Dr John stuck by initial diagnosis and wanted to proceed as if MRI had shown what she expected to find.  Not useful at all and visibly gets upset if you have questions or do not instantly agree with her.  	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	I rarely go to the doctor because I feel that most of them would rather medicate you than treat you. When I went to Dr. Johnson, I found a wonderful doctor who is open to alternative medicine and healing and wont just medicate you to get you out of her office. I have been back to her three times, the third today, and she remembered details such as the fact that I have an elderly dog, and about my family, and allows ME to be a part of the treatment and decisions regarding my own treatment. With Dr. Johnson I am a PERSON and not just a case # and I, for one, appreciate that fact. I recommend Dr. Johnson to everyone I know, and now I am recommending her to you.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	0	I saw Dr. Johnson in Urgent Care due to an impending sinus infection. I am rarely sick and told her that I would have &quot;waited it out&quot; but was preparing for a vacation in a few days and needed to be at my healthiest. She basically made me beg for an antibiotic and made me feel as though I was just being a big baby. She told me not to take the antibiotic until the day before I left. I proceeded to get the worst sinus infection of my life and without the antibiotic my vacation would have been ruined. Part of it was still ruined because I took her advice and waited to take the medicine. Her bedside manner was both cold and condescending. Not recommended.  		4	2	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
84	1	Dr. Jain is very personable and helpful.  Her examinations are thorough and not rushed.  Definitely recommend her! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	Dr. Jain is a great doctor. She really cares about kids and works with parents for the best solution to any issues. I would recommend her in a heartbeat.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
85	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	I have never had a problem with Dr. Joiner, or his staff!  I do wait a LONG time.  In my opinion, they are worth the wait.  He and his PA have treated me for about 5 years, for lower back pain and other issues.  The PA is the best I've ever been to.  She listens to me, and never rushes me!  I don't understand why all the bad reviews.  Guess people who have bad experiences do speak out more.  If you are in real pain and want help, they are there for you!  Without their help, I don't know where I'd be right now!  In a wheelchair, I guess. Go in with a good book, and do expect a LONG wait! 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	. was in a room for 3 hours and never seen by the dactor 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
85	0	Dr. Joiner was not knowledgeable about the condition Fibermyalgia.  He prescribed medice that has adverse affects, and after notification did not bother to change the medice, even though he was aware of harmful side-effects.   DON'T GO HERE! 	1	1	5	1 	Insurance:Aetna
85	0	I can not give my opinion on this Doctor because I did not get a chance to meet him. My Scheduled appointment was at 8 am Finally at 8:50 I seen the physicians assistant. She left the room at 9:00 and I waited in a small room until 10:15 and still did not see the Doctor. I finally just got up and left and yes I am in great pain. Too much pain to sit on a doctors table for a solid      1 hour and 15 minutes. If a nurse would have just came in and said I am sorry you are having to wait so long for what ever reason can I get you some water,reschedule etc. but no I was left alone because they would not let my husband come back with me upon my request ,which really aggravated me. Who knows when they finally realized I was gone because they did not call until the following day to reschedule me. I repeated the following and still did not get I am sorry. I don't think we will be a good match.The referring Doctor's office did apologize. P.S.The Physicians Assistant was nice.  	3	1	3	3 	Insurance:Anthem
85	-1	He call me a liar about my pain one time.I dont think he is a very good doctor,I ask him to send me to a Back injury doctor and he told me that he have to know the doctor before he send me to.I really dont care for dr.Joiner.  	2	4	2	2 	Insurance:Workers Comp
85	-1	Regarding Dr. Joiner: I ceased to be his patient after he attempted to extort several thousand dollars in a &quot;co-pay&quot; for a procedure my insurance company stated in writing was covered in full, per the terms of his contract with them.  Upon the insurance company supplying that information, Dr. Joiner made an abusive phone call to my home, using profanity and implying that he would &quot;blacklist&quot; me and prevent me from seeing any other pain doctors in the area if I refused the &quot;co-pay.&quot;  I have since filed a complaint with the Dept. of Health Professions regarding these and several other issues. Regarding Office Staff: the phone system is set to ring to answering machines only.  The office staff never returned a phone call to me in less than 4 business days, usually longer.  On one occasion, it took 9 business days for his staff to return a call for a routine medication refill.  	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	-1	paid $10,000 for lumineers, and told after work was done the teeth would fall out and would need additional $10,000 to fix that. Avoid this &quot;so-called&quot; Christian. Hopefully he will pay in this life instead of the next. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
86	0	Dr. Johnson is very much of businessman.  He portrays himself as a good Christian who looks only to make your life easier.  I should have been alarmed, though, when I was handed financing applications before I had even been seen.  When I went to the room, I was shown a few videos on root canals...without having been seen.  Eeventually, Dr. Johnson arrived, took a quick peek at my rear molar, and announced that I needed a crown, but probably a root canal.  When I expressed reluctance at the cost, I received a sermon about dental health.  When I left, I went to see another dentist, who promptly filled the tooth correctly and sent me on my way.  I saved about $3000 avoiding Dr. Johnson. 	1	5	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
86	-1	dr. johnson did two root canels on my teeth. i complained about them hurting the weeks after he did them. i complained to him for a whole year about pain and teeth out of alignment. He refused to fix the problems with my root canals and crowns that he messed up. a year later i'm now paying another dentist an endodontist to fix what greg messed up. please avoid this dentist. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
86	-1	Dr. Johnson did not accept insurance up front, late filing. He also Oversold&quot; me on some front teeth dental work by adding some substance. The front teeth chipped almost immediately -- very poor quality in a very bad location. I have moved on to a more reputable dentist.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
86	-1	This dentist is a rip off. They overcharge for services and and not very good with pain management. I would not recommend this dentist. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	Dr. Jacobson performed a total knee replacement on me at Virginia Beach General.  The surgery went very well but when I was returned to my room, I was left unattended by my nurse.  I fell and sustained a double compound fracture of my femur.  Dr. Jacobson quickly assessed the damage and repaired my femur saving my leg.  I would not hesitate to recommend Dr. Jacobson for any orthopedic surgery required and I would choose him in the future if I need such surgery.  He saved my leg for which I will be forever thankful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
88	-1	 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Good and friendly enviorment. loves the decoration.  Dentist: very professional. He is such a sweet person and his exams are very educational.  Good place to go, not only they take care of your dental needs, the dentist was very good about educating you about your dental needs. All the charges are discussed with you up front, so there are no suprises. No body is a big fan of dental work, but these people made me change my mind.The dentist is great with kids 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	-1	My daughter was in a hurry to see a dentist and everyone was booked. This doctor was available in a few weeks so we took the appointment. He does not seem to have the necessary people skills to come off as &quot;friendly&quot;. I felt that he was not that interested in us as patients and his exan was cursory at best. He never got nearer than four feet from my daughter and we were in and out of the exam room in less than five minutes.  Maybe this doctor is just tired of his profession and could benefit from retirement. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	He was very professional, knowledgable and courteous. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	-1	I have been to this doctor five times and five times the doctor was late. Twice I was in the examining room and after forty five minutes or more of waiting, I was told the doctor had to leave to deliver a baby. One of the times in the waiting room I waited approximately thirty minutes and the nurse stepped in, told me to undress from the waist down, waiting another fifteen minutes or more. I was told the doctor has left to deliver a baby at the hospital. Needless to say I found another doctor to attend me. In addition the doctor could not find a reason why I should have a Pap Smear twice a year. I have had a Pap Smear twice a year for a while prior to me moving back here to VA. I told this doctor I have HPV is the reason, she seemed to shrug the reason off saying many women had the disease. I was concerned with me since I had previously had Polyps so I needed the twice a year.  	5	1	1	3 	Insurance:Medicare
91	0	Everything I was charged for a routine check up on my child was exactly double what was covered with my insurance. I was never informed. What I was actually told was that this was covered under our insurance and not to worry.  	3	3	2	3 	Insurance:Tricare
91	1	I have had a bridge done at dr. Java`s office. I have since moved and had to find another dental office and my new dentist has notied how well my bridge was done. Thank you Dr. Java and staff. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	-1	Dr. Java's staff are completely incompetent. They offered me a same day appointment. When I arrived, after leaving work early, they had forgotten about the appointment. No one offered an apology or another time that was convenient for me. I gave them a second chance and took my daughter. She needed a root canal. Two visits later, and a demand for a $400 deposit upfront despite insurance, they determined they did not have the equipment and she needed to go to a periodontist.They &quot;offered&quot; 30% of my deposit back. For what&#63;&#63; Nothing was done. I would never go back to this office ever again! 	1	4	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Dr. Java is one of the most knowledgeable dentists I've seen. Great work. I've seen other dentists in an emergency, and they commented on the great work. The staff there is great, helpful, friendly. I have recommended him to friends who also still go there. Usually able to squeeze me in for an emergency, which i've had plenty. They do not take alot of insurance plans, but I don't have dental insurance. I would highly recommend this office. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	-1	Horrible, horrible, horrible.  Do not trust with your teeth ... I don't want to go to a dentist any more and I never had problems before.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
92	1	I'm a longtime patience and can't imagine going to another doctor.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
92	-1	I was billed by a doctor I never saw, and, when I complained, I received a belligerent letter from the billing office dismissing me as a patient. Dr. Jenkins never remembered anything about me, and my prescriptions were often misdosed. I went to her three times about a circular rash on my arm before she told me it was skin cancer. It took two visits for her to completely freeze it off, and I still am not sure it was skin cancer rather than a rash.  	1	3	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	. Patiently answered all questions & great bedside manner! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
92	1	Not an alarmist, but very thorough. Big on patient education. Spends a lot of time taking history and symptoms.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
92	-1	She and her staff are so awful. They don't want to help people and it just amazes me that they are in the medical field.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	-1	After getting insurance info via zocdoc receptionist request credit card to schedule first visit. then office cancelled on line your appointment at will.             never heard of.              stay away 	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	Very patient and very concerned about your overall health.  Great Doctor! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
93	1	Great, helpful doctor. When my insurance expird and I had to pay cash, I explained my financial situation and he eliminated some of the charges, so I ended up paying only $5 more that I would if I had insurance. Caring and helpful doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	Great Office. Would recommend Dr. Joffee to friends and family! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	The staff were friendly and professional,  the time I waited to see Dr. Jinkens was reasonable.  The examination was thorough and all my questions where answered. Dr. Jinkens was professional, knowledgeable and very helpful.  I would recommend Dr. Jinkens to anyone looking for a good family physician! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	I had moved into the area and had a hard time finding a good obgyn.  I had seen two other doctors that weren't very good and then I found Dr. Jenkins.  He is very thorough and knowledgeable.   I would highly recommend him! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
94	1	Fantastic doctor, both in medical skill and bedside manner. You don't just believe he cares about YOU, you KNOW he does. Both my husband and I can't say enough good about Dr. Jenkins. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	Seen him for 15 years. Views patients as humans. Really cares for people. Will spend necessary time with you. This guy is one in a million. Runs a good office, they make sure you don't wait too long. This doctor actually likes what he is doing. I think he is the best. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	Great staff as well!  Education about my condition was great. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	Dr Jenkins has always been very helpful in any way she can and if she cann't she finds you the help you need. She is a very friendly Dr.  and always has a smile!!!!! she also keeps up with her patients!!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
96	-1	I felt bad enough to go to an urgent care center. Dr. Jenkins bedside manner left a lot to be desired. She asked me a series of questions. When she asked me if I smoke, and I answered honestly, (yes), she turned excessively rude, almost to the point of being mean, and, in the end,she referred me to a drugstore for cough medicine. And was charged for the visit! So, if you smoke, don't tell her because if you do she won't be of any help. Granted, I do know the dangers of smoking, but I went to her for medical help, not to be judged. 		3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	Great service. Very caring. Puts you at ease. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	I never had problem with this doctor. Maybe the individual in the last post was taking questions a little to personally. And if she was treated in ethically maybe she should have seemed legal advice. 	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	Dr. Jaffe has taken care of members of my family, and myself, for many years.  I find her to be knowledgeable, friendly and courteous.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
99	1	I was so fortunate that Dr. Jiranek was not only in Virginia, but in my city when I had Avascular Osteonecrosis. The open joint arthrotomy and bone graft he did was one that few physicians had experience with and most patients had to travel out of the US to receive treatment for. Dr. Jiranek's education is extensive and his success rate with joint replacement is phenominal. In addition, he is truly nice, able to talk to his patients in easy to understand terminology, and always smiling. I have recommended him to many friends and family members, and all have been equally satisfied with him.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
