dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
4	-1	.   	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
4	-1	.   	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
4	-1	commentsDr. Bagdahdi had no concern whatsoever about my &quot;high risk&quot; pregnancy. I nearly died as well as my baby. I could have gone through a medical malpractice lawsuit, but I didn't because my baby lived. This man has no concern for anyone but himself. All I can say is karma will find him... 	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	commentsi honestly cant stand this dr he is always in a hurry to get out of the room and never stays to ask how your doing and doesnt give you the time of day really... i would say that dr jung who works there is the best he always has time for you and answers your questions and concerns with no judgement.. 	5	2	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	 Dr. Baghdadi saved my life as well as the life of our son due to his quick response and immediate decision to do a c-section.  Had he not been my doc (or had I stayed with the MIDWIFE I thought I'd try) I would not be here today.  He may be a man of few words but he is very smart (he has a FACOG ladies!) and knows his stuff.  Numerous doctors since have told me that I am extremely lucky he is my doctor.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	commentsWhen I started to miscarry my OB would not see me. Three days later I had a uterine infection and since it was Christmas Eve my OB would not come in, Dr. Baghdadi came in and helped with emergency surgery. When I got pregnant again he said he would help every step of the way and determine why I miscarried the first time. He was very compassionate, helpful, and most of all there to help a dshs patient he had never met on a holiday. Because of him I have a healthy son. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	commentsWhen my current doctor at the time decided she would not deliever my baby at good sam 3 days before I was due. I had to go to a new doctor and deliver at a different hospital.. she referred me to Dr. Baghdadi who was the best...I had never met him before all of this and honestly could not have been happier. As you could imagine I was freaking out, BUT Dr. Baghdadi stepped up and I could not have asked for a better outcome. 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	commentsThis Dr. is absolutely an ****..When I would tell him that I was having pain during intercourse, he would simply say &quot;don't do it that way&quot; Also, at the time, I was on state medical and needed treatment for dysplasia on my cervix, he wouldn't do the necessary treatment because the state didn't cover it all and I couldn't pay the balance in full. He is a creep..Ladies, stay away from him. Paid/Co-pay:$35000		2	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	commentsThis man was my beloved doctor until I decided to have my third baby at home with a midwife. Since then, he hasn't treated me the same. When trying to become pregnant a fourth time, I asked him about my vitamins and also expressed concerns as I'm almost 40 and it was taking much longer than it had the previous three times. He simply said, &quot;You like all that natural stuff, so just go natural. Let nature take it's course.&quot; He also refused to even look at my supplements I was taking, saying, &quot;Oh, it's all natural. It's fine.&quot; Also, he's NEVER there. I always have to wait several weeks to see him because he's not available...on vacation, etc. 		5	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	 caring cardiologist with outstanding clinical skills and up-to-date knowledge. Coordinated my husband's care after a cardiac arrest six years ago. I watched him organize everything, visit at least once daily, and always have time to explain and answer questions, whether mine or interns or residents. My husband is doing well 6 years later after much care from this outstanding MD.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
6	1	commentsI moved to town and knew no doctors, and did a little snooping and starting going to Dr. Baciewicz.  This was very good fortune.  I don't know that I've ever before seen a Doc that is as good natured, approachable, and most importantly- such a capable listener.  I would extend this praise to his whole practice.  I wish I didn't have to go so often, but have a great deal of comfort and confidence with Dr. Baciewicz and his group.   Oh- as for punctuality- they don't seem to be &quot;like clockwork&quot;- I nearly got my vehicle towed one day that things ran long.  I normally get bent by waiting in rooms for doctors, but in this case I'd wait all day- the care is that good. 	4	1	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	commentsI've only seen her once, but so far she seems great. She was a good listener, and helped me find solutions for the problems I was having. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	 The best doctor ever!!!! i feel great now...  Clean office and everyone is so friendly 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:HealthFirst
14	1	commentsWonderful doctor (Mark) Doesn't BS you like other DC's 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	commentsThis is the most amazing- kid friendly office I have ever been to. Dr. Babich (both of them) are super friendly. They have created an office environment where everyone feels like family. I drive about 45 minutes out of my way to continue to see them. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	 This doctor doesn't know her ass from her head. Prescribes unneeded and dangerous medication, and even manages to mistake a bed sore for an unspecified infection. One can also wonder why an osteopathologist works as an internist, since her educational history (http://www.healthgrades.com/physician/dr-mary-badger...) does not show any additional training/education that would justify her position as an internist. Her knowledge is severely lacking, prescriptions are questionable, and i would definitely NOT recomend her to anyone.  	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	 I went to Dr. Badger for the first time today for an annual physical.   She listened to my concerns and addressed every one of them in a friendly, non-alarmist manner.  At no time was I at a loss for what was coming next or how long it would take.  The staff at the front desk is satisfactory, the nurse I had was very pleasant and capable (I had an EKG in the office administered by the nurse).  This doctor seems to know the latest information and the pros and cons of each of them.  I thought she had a good 'bedside manner' and she was focused on her specialty (versus trying to be everything to everybody - I am leary of the doctor who can 'do it all!).  She also knows my gynecologist and says she will work closely with him if my test results indicate coordinated care is needed.  I like her and hope that this turns out to be a long-term care internist for me.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
17	1	commentsThe best diagnostician I know. Her patients always come 1st, too. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	 She was great. She explored possibiliies that other doctors hadin't even looked at. Asked lots of questions and followed up with me afterward. I felt like she actually listened to me.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
17	1	 This DR, is amazing.. Such a special caring person, NEVER too busy but always swamped. You feel like you are the only patient this extremely in demand DR has, a class act.. A diamond in the ruff.... I am my family are so fortunate to have her looking after our well being. She is extrmely open minded, listens well to what you have to say, makes very informed decisions, is not reluctant to consult other sources, and your health and welfare always seems to come first, despite all the insurance limitations and red tape. You are the best Dr. Mary Badger..thank you for taking us under your wing.. now go out and enjoy the outdoors you love so much....  		5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
22	1	commentsDr Babcock was my doctor for almost 30 years. I only stopped seeing her because I moved across the state and don't go back often enough to have her continue as my main physician. I absolutely love her. Going in to see her was more like visiting with a friend than going to the doctor.  I would love to find a doctor for my son that is as great as Dr Babcock was for me. 	3	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	 Many of the other doctors and their families use her as their general Doctor.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	 Dr.Babcock is the best Doctor I have ever found, and would NEVER switch to anyone else.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
24	-1	commentsDr Backous performed operations on both my husbands ears and when he was examined by a reputable audioligist for hearing aids, the audiologist was horrified at what had been done. One ear was so bad that she could not fit it with a hearing aid as the canal was so mutilated. I dont know what we should do,if anything, about this but it doesnt seem right. 	2	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	commentsHe took the time to listen to my concerns and his staff is real helpful with insurance and trouble shooting difficulties. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	commentsDr. Backous is an amazing and knowledgeable surgeon.  While he often seems very rushed (as others pointed out) I have found that if you tell him you have some questions and get him to slow down, he is very good at answering your questions.  The surgery he performed on my ear (a reconstructive one many years after a mastoidectomy I had as a child) significantly improved my ear's ability to self-maintain (as he promised it would).  I decided after my surgery that even though he didn't make me feel all warm &amp; fuzzy I would stick with him as long as I could because I knew he was excellent at what he did.  Bottom line - If you want someone to discuss/consult/help you process your decisions, he may not be the one for you.  But if you want someone who will be very straight forward and an excellent surgeon - look no further. 	4	4	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	commentsI had to come down from Alaska for emergency surgery. This doctor saved my life, literally! He was funny, witty, and made me feel a lot better. I wouldn't go to anyone else. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	 On a positive note, my 9 year old son adores Dr. Backous. He's great with boys; he puts them at ease and makes lots of jokes; my son doesn't want to go anywhere else! It's impossible for me to evaluate Backous' surgery skills, since I have no basis for comparison: I don't know what another surgeon would have done differently. But I have not been impressed with this doctor. I enjoy his personality, but I have been very frustrated with his level of communicating. He seems to talk in circles and even outright contradict himself from visit to visit. I feel he's either not listening to my questions or doesn't know what he's talking about or changes his medical opinion frequently. My son ended up with a modified radical mastoidectomy, which I wasn't expecting, wasn't consulted on and am not sure he needed, with no hearing improvement in spite of prosthesis and now constant worry about complications. Feel Backous should use more tech to asses treatment. Wish had sought 2d opinion.  	4	3	2	2	Insurance:CIGNA
24	1	commentsHe is the best in his field in the Pacific Northwest, which is why he's so hard to get into! Paid/Co-pay:$10		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	commentsCondescending doctor. Spent very little time trying to understand my concerns. 		4	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	commentsI went to see this dr. for recurrent ear infections. At the beginning of the appt. I told him all the things I had already unsuccessfully tried for the problem. At the end of that discussion, he reommended a solution that I already said had not worked for me! When I pointed this out, he became very defensive and annoyed. You could tell he just couldn't wait to hustle me out of his office. He was smiling and nice and had a good demeanor when I first walked in, but beware if you ever disagree or question him. You will see a different side. His body language was that he was turning away from me as the conversation went on. He was very close to turning his back on me. If you are a patient who likes to be part of your care, and who expects to have some input into your own treatment, I would go somewhere else! 		3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	commentsVery arrogant. Did not listen when I had a conern and did not really answer any of my questions. I didn't feel comfortable at all. 		4	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	commentsI had constant earinfections for many years. this Dr. got rid of them. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	 My husband had tympanoplasty (ear drum repair) performed. He was not provided with comprehensive materials detailing the risks of this surgery. When my husband was left with permanent tinnitus as a result of this surgery, we asked Dr. Backous what the alternatives were in terms of treating the condition. He made a joke of my husband's situation by replying &quot;Well, he can join the American Tinnitus Association. At least that will keep him from committing suicide.&quot; I would NOT recommend this doctor.  		4	1	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	-1	 She's always too busy to assist with anything and we feel like it's an assembly line production.  	3	2	2	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	-1	commentsshe's worthless and took tests and never even talked to me about them! But she sure did send the bill!! 	5	3	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	 Before I found Dr. Babol I was in a very bad situation with a different Doctor that had my health spinning out of control.  She didn't have to help me, in fact there wasn't any other Doctor's willing to do so.  I have only received the best care and would recommend anyone to her.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Workers Comp
32	-1	 This is the worst doctor I've ever been too.  Made orthotics visibly incorrectly for a heel spur and then wouldn't redo them.  LONG wait in the waiting room with post-surgical patients in obvious pain.  Rushed visit.  Incompetent assistant (does she speak much English&#63;) and incompetent office staff, but VERY skilled at billing the insurance company.  You check in with your credit card:  I've never seen that before or since. Billed insurance megabucks and did harm.  Continues to advertise twice a week in local paper.  DON'T GO TO DOCTORS WHO ADVERTISE--that was my mistake.  I was in pain and I rushed to the first doctor I saw.  Do your research. There are plenty of podiatrists:  ANY body would be better than this one.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	-1	 Very rushed only spent a few minutes with me really didn't go over all of my concerns.  	2	2	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	commentsDr. Bachman has been a naturopath doctor for quite a long time.  I have gone to him for a long time.  He is very knowledgeable. 	3	5	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	commentsKeeps up to date in field. Very thorough and  helpful when other docs can't help. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
38	-1	commentsDr. Bagatell seems to lack the much-needed up-to-date knowledge in my area of concern (pituitary disease) &amp; appeared generally dismissive and inflexible to most suggestions. Despite being incapable of helping me with my chronic and debilitating health issues, she refused to provide a much-needed referral to a specialist (pituitary endocrinologist), who had already told me that he was indeed able to assist. When endeavoring to resolve such an issue by phoning her about my consultation with the specialist (and why I desperately needed such a referral), she blatantly failed to return any of my phone calls. Her conduct was unprofessional, unprincipled and arrogant. Since obtaining a referral from another GP, I have been diagnosed with hypopituitarism (diabetes insipidus and growth hormone deficiency) and I am also suspected of Cushing’s disease. Carrie Bagatell was indeed aware that my lab work demonstrated (random) elevated cortisol levels, yet she neglected to follow up. FORMER patient 	4	4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
41	-1	comments 		1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	commentsStaff was very helpful with insurance changes that I had, very professional. Did not return calls promptly however 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	commentsShe is great!  She has been the best eye doctor i have ever had. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	 The staff and the doctor were both great!! He was very gentle and thorough.  I would recccomend him in a second!!! 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:HealthPartners
63	1	commentsDoctor was very helpful and kind.  Staff was very helpful and understood my concerns. Would recommend with no hesitation. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
63	-1	commentsDuring my visit I felt that I was treated horribly.I would NEVER recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was a complete waste of time and money.Overall I would rate this visit : AWFUL! 		3	2	1	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	 Usually not rushed, willing to spend time talking even on small items.  Would like to see faster turnaround of physical/blood results, 2 weeks to get the information is too long.  	3	3	4	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
66	1	.  Good listener and helpful with information beyond diagnosis 	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	 I had both knees repaired with Oxford partial medial surgery. Dr badger's entire staff was so helpful from the first appt. With  XRay to pre op. To post op and all the follow up after. drug issues were handled quickly and effectively. Easy transition to ween off oxycodone. Only problem was with stomach acid reflux side affect.  Billing was hassle free as was all the follow up appts. Very intelligent personnel helping with all questions regarding life after knee surgery.  I had this done winter of 2010 and Im riding the bike,swimming in Hawaii this year, and getting the golf swing back somewhat.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:$3400
67	1	commentsI got addicted really fast to oxycodone and oxycontin because everytime I asked for a refill he would tell his medical assistants whatever the patient wants. Thinks he is GOD becuase he is Mormon. Dont care if his patients die. 	1	1	3	4	Insurance:Unknown
69	-1	commentsthis doctor is not nice. in fact, he is one of the worst doctors i have seen . he doesn't communicate with patient, doesn't listen &amp; answer patient's questions.the office staff are rude and treat the patient like a piece of junk. i wouldn't comeback to shoreline clinic anymore 	1	1	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	 i am DR Bagan's patient.he is very helpful and nice and i am happy to be his patient.  strongly recommend to everyone 	2	5	5	5	Insurance:UPMC
69	-1	 DR BAGAN, Never listens &amp; answers patient's question , he avoids eye contact with patient, he is always in hurry and leave the patient in confusion.  i wouldn't recommend him to families and individuals 	1	1	1	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$30
71	1	 Dr Bader was my Dr when I was a child and I now take all 3 of my kids to him.I like the fact that he listens to me and addresses my concerns. He is very nice and a great Dr. he is very knowledgeable and knows what hes doing. When ever i need to get in he always finds a way to get me in even when he is booked for the day. Thank you Dr. Bader.  we appreciate you 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	commentsDr. Baer and his staff are wonderful! If going to the dentist can ever be considered a pleasure, the staff at this office has made it so. They are warm, friendly, very professional, and Dr. Baer provides superb dental care and explains everything clearly and understandably. I am so glad I switched to this office! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
80	-1	commentsBoth my husband and I have him for a dr and he does NOT have a good bedside manners nor takes time to listen. He is too quick to refer you out and we waist our money and time coming to see him. My husband had hurt his foot, we explained the whole story over the phone making the appt. we get there and he tells us to GO have x-rays done on the other side of town @ 3pm on a Wednesday. Joseph Badolato didn't come into work the rest of the week. If it wasn't for my husband and myself raising hell with his medical assistants, they would of let my husband sit over the weekend with a broken foot!!!! He had BROKE 4 bones in his foot and ended up having surgery that Friday. Dr. Badolato's MA calls 2 wks later asking if we got in to see the Podiatrist (the foot surgeon). Wow, really, what great health care! I have not had good health care service with him either. My husband and I are finding another doctor. 	2	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	 Dr. Badolato is in a very busy family practice but he takes time to listen to your symptoms and prescribe the necessary treatment or order the tests that will help with his diagnosis.  My wife and I are pleased to have him as our doctor 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
83	0	comments 	4	4	4	1	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	 Absolutely wonderful first impression.  The staff was pleasant and Dr Babin really took the time to explain my options.   Getting my teeth cleaned there next week! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
