dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	I believe Dr. Ahn was very deceptive.  At first, he made me feel great; so energetic and healthy!  After I believed in him, I never felt as good again.  He said, &quot;It would be taking time.&quot;  I believe he could have helped, but knew if I recovered, his paycheck would disappear. 	5	3	2	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Great small town office. Friendly staff. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Extremely knowledgable, extraordinarily helpful.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	-1	did not give useful recommendations for my child. 	3	5	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
4	0	Dr Abraham's staff was ok, sometimes poor at communicating in english.  All of her staff seems to be first language spanish...but she is first language something else all together.  She didn't study in the US and her communication skills are ok at best, she didn't understand everything I was saying.  She wasn't terrible, but I wasn't super happy and I have three children, so I visit a lot.  I felt like I was inconveniencing the staff and Dr Abraham bringing all of my kids (and we often had to wait, no one was prompt or early) and no one really offered to help make our visit better.  There are no rooms in the office that accommodate what seems more than one parent/one child together. They do give each child a book with each visit, which is nice.  	2	3	3	3 	Insurance:Tricare
5	-1	At the time I picked my doctor she was the only one in my area that was taking new patients. All I know from my experience is she treats me as if I am not a human being that has problems and needs her to take good care of me and she makes me sign a behaverial contract and it to me is  like a threat and really hurts me and she does not really listen to me and what I have to say. I am a Chronic Pain patient and she plays with my mind and when it comes to refilling my pain medicine she gives me what she thinks I need, not what I usually take. I need to function and not just lay around and not be active for the pain is so severe. She is always using the state as the reason I can only have what she gives me and I called the state and I was told as long as I have a medical reason of which I do, there is no restriction. I have so much to say and 1000 words limited is not going to give me the space to give all the specifics that need to added to this complaint.I have many health problems.  	4	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	I needed orthotics and dr adolf was able to get them for me and fitted casted and followup was good too.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
6	1	Dr. Adolf is great he was great. He helped my feet. I feel better now.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Providence
6	1	great doctor. very knowledgable, professional and kind. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Doctor and staff are friendly, fast, and efficient. They have great skills which makes the vist a positave experience overall. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Fast and friendly service. I love my hygienist...she always has a great attitude and is easy to talk to. In and out in under 30 for a standard cleaning. Flexible with payments and rescheduling appointments. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Met Life dental used and we are billed for anything that is not covered by insurance.  The staff is very helpful and friendly - very kid friendly office.  Will always continue using them and referring them. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	great dentist..love my crown and stephanie is great at cleaning teeth...well done girl.. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	He is kind,precise,painless,in his work;with excellent results for me.I am very pleased with resulting dental health and the care I am receiving.thanks,Dr. A.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
7	1	Dr. Altman is not just an excellent dentist.  He is a compassionate man who runs a very friendly office.  He is gentle and reassuring with all of his patients.   We've been seeing him since he started his practice!     Linda Hinton 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:BC Med
7	1	have been going to dr altman for years. excellent care and follow up. accepts teamsters dental plans. dr altman is the best dentist i have been to. my family will go no where else unless he refers us. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	My family has seen DR Altman for several years now. His staff is wonderful and are great with my kids. Dr Altman and his staff care about you and your experience. As a fearful dental patient he put me at ease and even called to check on me once after having a dental procedure! We continue to see him even though we've moved and are no longer close to the office. Great staff highly recommended! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	. Everyone in this office is very kind and helpful - Doctor is THE BEST!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
7	1	My family has been going to Dr. Altman's office for decades.  He provides excellent services and appears to always have state of the art equipment and techniques.  Hygientists have been consistantly superb.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
8	1	Great doctor with a very helpful staff. He was especially knowledeable about diseases and genetic conditions that may affect people of Indian subcontinent.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
8	1	I will recommend this doctor to who need medical care . 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	Most arrogant attitude. Has no regard for human feelings and most unprofessional behavior. Meeting him was a nightmare.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	-1	Dr.Tariq was an extremly unhelpful doctor. He did not ask me any questions about my condition, did nothing to diagnose the problem and provided no useful information at all. He actually had the nerve to tell me to lie to my employer about my condition so that I don't get fired. The whole visit was a big waste of time. His staff is very unprofessional too. Avoid this doctor at all costs.  	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	-1	didn't even say hello when he walked in and was rude when he did talk.  had a lot of trouble taking blood.  	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	-1	 	4	4	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	very knowledgable and helpful. we had a good experience with this md 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	This physician is unprofessional and puts his ego ahead of the welfare of his patients. I would not recommend him for ANY TYPE of medical care. Run away, don't walk, if you have to have this doctor(&#63;&#63;) on your treatment team.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	-1	Beautiful office and very pleasant office staff. First appointment patients must watch a video re: chiropractic care, then spend lots of time waiting while doctor enters info into computer. Personal comments were made that crossed the professional line. Patients are encouraged to visit many times/week. Money seems to be the bottom line here. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
11	0	http://www.kitsapsun.com/news/2012/may/30/bremerton-... 				 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	I have been with this doctor for many years now and I would recomend that if you want a very, very good doctor, look no further than her.                    dlrv1947@yahoo. com 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
11	1	I love Dr. Lila Aflatooni.  She is kind, knowledgeable, and very interested in working to keep you well.  she ensures that all your test results are fully explained to you (by her) and she talks to you personally.  Refills are called in on time.  Appointments are available when you need them.  Her staff is great.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	-1	Had no care or concern over my serious health issuses. Her receptionist is very snotty and unhelpful. The doctor herself has a god complex and is unprofessional. I would not recommend her to my worst enemy! I hope people will go to her of they are sick and don't want to get help or want to sit around waiting to get blood tests/ reports when you need them the most! 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	very rude and doe not take true issues like pain seriously 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	. wonderful practice 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
12	-1	Had a needle core biopsy done by this Dr. and he didn't inform me that the specimen had sat in the pathology dept.for 2 days and then the report showed poorly perserved specimen and an inflammation.  Would have been nice to have been informed that test should have been repeated and my insuranse was charged by Dr. &amp; hospital for their mistake. 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	Last October I went to see this doctor for the first time and I brought my husband along.  We both felt that she didn't really listed to my concerns and she was very short.  I was sent off to take some ultrasounds and the ultrasounds came back not showing anything so the doctor didn't do anything for me.  I called back because my problem didn't go away and I started to have further complications.  Once again, she was completely unhelpful and told me I didn't need to come in and see her.  A month and a half went by and I was still having problems.  This time I went to a different doctor.  Right off the bat he though he knew what was wrong with me and he did the tests to confirm it.  Sure enough, I had a very common disease that she failed to diagnose.  Her failure to diagnose my problem could make it so I can never have kids.  Even the doctor who I saw for the second opinion was suprised that she didn't know what was wrong in the first place since it is a fairly common disease. 	 3/4/09	4	3	1	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	When it was discovered that I had a tumor, she told me that she'd never dealt with this and didn't know what to do.  She's a traditionally (allopathically) training doctor as well as trained in naturophy.  I was beyond dismayed at this kind of irresponsible response.  She is also haughty and judgmental. 	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	0	This is just for test 	4	5	4	2 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Dr.Dale Alsager is a caring, compassionate doctor that really cares about this patients and will do everything he can to improve thier lives. He halped me live a comfortable life and is still today my friend and someone I can call when I need help. I would reccommend him to anyone. He and his wife Better are wonderful people. I rated him because there is no other doctor out there like him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	My experience as a former patient of Dr. David Aboulafia was not good. I felt that he lacked sufficient listening skills and as a result of his poor doctor/patient communication skills, I was sent to the hospital where I suffered Congestive Hart Failure Exacerbation.  	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
18	-1	. Frustrated 	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	-1	Dr. Ahart has a very limited worldview and does not accept parents that have a different ideology than her.  For example, I breastfed my child until he was two--our choice. She was very negative regarding breastfeeding and told me formula is actually superior after 6 mos. of age. Breastfeeding is a woman's (and child's) choice, and should be encouraged by the doctor.  She also was critical of limiting screentime (t.v., computer, etc.) because, as she said, that's the future and parents should want their children to function in society well.  I believe children should be encouraged to develop their own imaginations...but I understand that others may see that differently.  I just was surprised to have a alarmed face made at me when I told her &quot;thank you for your suggestions, but we have traditional values&quot;. I take my child to the doctor for medical treatment, not parenting advice--but am not mad if I get advice, just shocked when judged so easily. She was very scary to my boy as well.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
19	1	Dr. Ahart is the best...she takes no crap off the kids, hence the complaints from the crybaby parents about her bedside manner.  Sure you have to wait sometimes because she takes her time with her patients, but, she takes the same amount time with your kids, so it all evens out.  She loves my daughters and they love her.  I won't take them to anyone else.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
19	-1	Son was 7 or 8 at the time (he's 17 now).  She wanted to check his testicles.  Just pulled down his pants w/o telling him why she was doing it.  He was upset and scared. I was angry!  Another time, he had a stiff neck, so she twisted it quickly.  He screamed out in pain.  Has had trouble with neck ever since.  I find her overbearing,egotistical, and with no beside manner what-so-ever. 	4	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	She's a little stern, and sometimes wait times are long, but overall Dr. Ahart is an amazing doctor. Her staff are nice and the facility is spotless. I wouldn't go to anyone else. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Sharon Ahart always puts her patients first.  She is an excellent doctor.  I highly recommend her to anyone who is looking for a pediatrician. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	This Dr. cares very deeply for her patients. She is a great advocate for children. Thats a rare quality in people today. I appreciate,as well my children, for all of her help and support. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Wonderful doctor!  Always goes above and beyond for her patients.   :) 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
19	1	I don't trust my children with anyone else. She save 2 of my children's lives. She has been my children's Dr for 13 years! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Dr. Ahart has been extremly helpful with my son.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	-1	This dr has a very bad bed side mannor and is not very kind. She is a control freak. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Dr. Carla is awesome. She is very caring, acurate, thoughtful and above all a GREAT listener!!! I refer ALL my friends! 	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Dr Alberda Is amazing! I call him the baby whisperer. He is patient, kind and always answers all my questions. I know that his truly wants the best for my children and he will be their pediatrician untill they turn 18! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Dr. Alan has been my regular eye doctor for over fifteen years. I visit his office yearly for an annual exam and on occasion for other eye issues. He is soft spoken and fairly reserved yet will readily and thoughtfully answer questions, discuss any problems, and give his recommendations as needed. I have been very happy with his care. In my opinion he is a first rate provider and sensitive to his patients' concerns. I've always found the office staff to be very helpful and kind both on the phone and when at appointments.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	Dr Alan is Very knowledgeable, was willing to explain and answer all my questions. At the end of my appointment, Dr Alan walked me out to the front office. Staff is excellent. Very friendly and helpful office.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
22	-1	Dr. Alan was rude to me, brusque and did not explain procedures. In giving an eye examination, he started to shove a machine up to my eyeball without explaining what he was doing. He then left the examination room without saying goodbye. Horrid bedside manners. 		3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Dr. Alan performed surgery for my cataracts twice and each time was I comfortable in him doing so. He always leaves a great impression as he is indeed nice, helpful and knowledgeable in his practice. I highly recommend him when it comes to your eyes.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
23	1	She is an excellent and knowledgeable doctor. I hate having internal exams and she is the only one that i didn't experience pain or discomfort at all. She always takes time to answer any questions or concerns that I have. She is very straight forward, honest and will tell you what to expect whether its something you want to hear or not.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Providence
23	-1	Was consistently 30-45 min late and called me fat when I wasnt, front desk staff rude.  Switched doctors mid pregnancy 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Dr. Albretch is a very good doctor. I would recommend her to anyone. I had her as my OBGYN with baby girl. She is very knowledgeable and takes her time to make sure that all your questions are answered. She is a very straight to the point kind of doctor, That is what I need, IF you are the type of person that like be told &quot;what you want to hear&quot; then she is not the doctor for you. She takes her roll as a MD very seriously and is a great physician! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Dr. Albrecht is a very good doctor...she has a wonderful bedside manner, is knowledgeable, personable and easy to talk to. I highly recommend her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	0	Said that they had experience with patients who've had bariatric surgery but it turns out that several people in the office didn't even know what a lap-band is or how to handle the complications that arise with a band/pregnancy.  Ended up with an un-necessary ER visit/bill for which my insurance won't pay.  Very, Very, Very disappointed in Dr Albrecht.  I would, however, recommend most of the other dr's in that practice, though.  	1	3	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	She is caring and personable.  Would recommend her to anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	I loved having Albrecht as my doctor, She was there for me every step of the way. She was very personable. She knew exactly what she was doing. I was also very lucky to have her deliver my baby girl. When my husband and I decide to have another baby I will most definatly be requesting Albrecht as my doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
23	-1	This woman scolded me, made unacceptable comments to me, not to mention, she was extremely physically rough with me. She gave me a pelvic exam, and I have had many, this one was the most painful ever. She shoved her arm inside of me, and used my stomach as leverage. When she was done, I was bleeding, and didn't stop bleeding for almost 24 hours. I thought I was having a miscarriage. Some doctors forget that they are working with human beings who have feelings and emotions. When you are a doctor, it is not just a job, you have someone's life in your hands, and I believe you should be compassionate and understanding.      I do not recommend Dr. Albrecht to anyone, I think she has a lot to learn about people before she could be a decent doctor! 	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	I was Dr. Abbott's patient for about 1 year. I tolerated he and his nurses' poor behavior until I could take no more. He would always enter the exam room yawning! Then he would seem bored. His MA was always rude to us. She was the rudest red head I have ever met! Oh, and Dr. Abbott also flat out lied to me! ( I found this out by going to one of his collegues)Only one time did he do a brief physical exam. I felt that he did not try to help resolve my issues. I am now seeing someone else in this clinic and am very satisfied! I would NOT recommend him to anyone.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	Dr. Abbott has been my PCP for about 4 years now.  I would recommend him to anyone.  He's very kind and patient, and works with me to give me what I need. 	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
24	0	Dr. Abbott has a sign in his office asking patients not to use cell phones.  Mine buzzed (vibrate mode) and I reached to check the caller ID and silence it.  When I looked up about 2-3 seconds later, he'd left the room.  He didn't return for approximately 15 minutes and rudely pointed out the &quot;no cell phones&quot; sign when he returned.  That incident aside, he never seemed to want to take more than about 5-10 minutes to see me.  As someone who has several chronic issues, 5-10 minutes for a physical doesn't cut it.  I've moved to a different GP since and been very happy.  	5	3	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	. helped with muscle spams in my back by the shoulder blade by giving me a pill to take 3 times a day 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	-1	Too much to put here, but he is arrogant, rude to patients and will talk down to you. He uses intimidation to get his point across. He will lecture you until you break if you are ever late. See someone else, even if he is a great surgeon, there are other great surgeons that can help you.  	5	5	1	2 	Insurance:Tricare
26	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	I have had two surgerical procedures performed by Dr. Allegra and both end products were absolutely amazing.  Childbirth did a lot of damage to my body and he was able to help significantly.  The staff is nice and the anesthetiologist was amazing.  I've never come in and out of surger that easily before.  When I've gotten surgery at a public hospital you are one of many, here you feel like you are their only surgery in progress and get specialized attention. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Very caring and knowledgeable.  First class organization.   Amazing procedure.  Made me be able to wear normal clothes again. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Felt comfortable with staff, surroundings, and procedure. But the outcome was disappointing. Hearing decrease and pain continued.Second opinion from another doctor detected collasped ear drum,needed replacement prothesis and ear tubes and remove cholesteatoma.Get a second opinion before surgery.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	-1	They can't bill correctly.  They sent me a very confusing bill, when I asked them to explain it because it appeared they billed me for the same things 2x they couldn't.  I am not happy with them at all.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
26	1	I found Dr. Allegra professional, caring and extremely knowledgeable. I would recommend him to my family and friends. He has performed a number of procedures from snoring to a brow lift and I have been extremely happy with all the results. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	0	I thought I was going in for a minor procedure but ended up having extensive surgery for what I now understand to be no good reason. It turned out the chronic cough was not due to sinus problems at all - it was GERD.  It did not improve with surgery but did improve with Prilosec.  The MRI or whatever showed minimal evidence of sinusitus.  Now I have what some people refer to as an &quot;empty nose&quot; - no more turbinates.  After 4 years I continue to need painkillers at times.  When I asked Allegra after the surgery he said that turbinates are not necessary.  I normally would have gotten a second opinion, but he said that this was a very minor procedure.  I gave Allegra a big frown and 1 point on helpfulness because he has harmed me, and a big smiley face and 5 points for service and knowledge.  The staff ushered me in for surgery right away.  After all, I have very good insurance.   In terms of knowledge - Allegra deserves 10 stars!  He knows *exactly* what he is doing. 	5	5	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	Dr. Allergra recommended Somaplasty to remove my sleep apenea and snoring.  It never worked! I still have my sleep apnea and I snore louded than before. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	2 years ago,I received a diagnosis on a thyroid nodule that it was indicative of papillary carcinoma.It was a scary time for me.I was referred to Dr. Allegra for a thyroidectomy.I felt peace with him immediately.  He was confident,but not overly so, and was compassionate and kind.The day of the surgery went exactly as he'd said it would.The surgery was complete and I headed home.He'd told me that I may not need more than ibuprofen-he was right.There was very minimal pain-a little discomfort.What most amazed me, though, was the almost absence of a scar. Within 6 months, you could see only the slightest scar.Now,people have to be told that there is a scar to see it-and, even then,it requires squinting.Dr. Allegra is the total package when it comes to doctors. He's caring, he's confident, and he's very skilled.  I'm so thankful that he is the doctor that I was referred to-I couldn't have asked for a more positive experience in the midst of such a difficult situation.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	-1	I had the somnoplasty procedure...my snoring was medium at best and bothered my wife, so I went with the procedure.  After proclaiming a high 90's% success rate, I plopped down my money.  After 4 procedures, plus removal of my uvula, I had virtually no change in my snoring.  I asked for my money back, but nope.  By the way,  they say somnoplasty is virtually a pain free procedure.  It wasn't the case with me.   I also swelled up big time and could hardly sleep after the first treatment.  With no fix from Dr. Alegra, I  ended up going to my dentist who suggested a custom mouth piece to keep the lower jaw from sliding back.  Guess what.  It worked.  Less money; less pain. 	2	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Dr Allegra is very knowledgeable and courteous with his staff and patients.  I have seen him a few times for medical issues and have always been satisfied with his level of professionalism.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	-1	It's very sad that a doctor would perform unnecessary surgery, then be uncaring about the unsatisfactory outcome. I wish I would have just said 'No'. I saw this doctor on a TV news health segament (after my surgery), I couldn't believe it was the same man! On tv he seemed so caring, so 'involved'. It is all about the $money$. It usually is. FIRST DO NO HARM. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	Dr. Allegra was only interested in signing my child up for surgery.  Unnecessary surgergy.  He is only about money and not about care.  They lost my paperwork so billing was messed up.  On the day of my appointment I waited almost one hour (I was on time, they were late) with a sick 9 year old.   AVOID THIS DOC! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	. knowledgeable 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	-1	I have a nerve stimulator that was implanted in my body incorrectly, causing me extreme pain. I went to Dr. Allen and he refused to help me. He was uncaring, rude, and did not care at all that I was in virually unbearalbe pain. This after his nurse scheduler said he would help me as he had helped other patients, and that he handled other cases just like mine. At the conclusion of my appointment, he said he was referring me to their pain specialist, then his nurse called two days later and said he would not help. He could have told me this at, or before my appointment, and not held out hope that he would help me, only to have one of his employees turn me down. People in pain need help now, not empty promises. I would never treat anyone with the lack of respect and caring that I was shown. Shame on you Dr. Allen! 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Dr. Aginsky is extremely helpful and very nice. He really ties to find out what you need/want. I have a rare eye disease and he has helped me feel a lot more comfortable with my visual future. Extremely knowledgeable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Had Excellent bedside manner. Explained tests as he did them, my entire family was very pleased! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	The worse doctor I've ever seen.  Non-caring, doesn't explain, has no compassion for patients. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
29	0	This doctor caused a delay in surgery twice.  He could did not think about what the patient needed.  He did not explain procedures to a patient.  He did not listen to what the patient was saying. 	1	1	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Dr. Albert and his staff are super friendly, very helpful with insurance and do GREAT work. They have new machines with the latest technology and my mouth and my kids' mouths are never sore after we have dental work done. We love Dr.  Albert and his staff! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
31	1	Dr. Greg is very gentle and kind. I had a lot of crowns, and he makes it really easy for me to go in and have them...  I've been to a lot of dentist's and he is my favorite! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
32	-1	unacceptable treatment from a person who is supposed to be supportive. 	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	Quite insensitive &amp; unprofessional.I have no doubt there are better therapists in town. Don't waste your time. 	3	5	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	Dr. Leonard is great, Finally after 20 yrs of hand out pain Dr. he knows what he is doing and understands my conditions.  He is kind and so are his staff members 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
33	1	He is a very compassionate person and listens to you. He gave me a treatment plan and left it up to me if it made improvement to continue or not to. His staff is very good with people and caring. The care was very professional and first class! We need more good doctors with a sense of humor also! I believe he has patients concerns in mind first and not to run a stressed office as we often see.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
33	1	This is the only Dr. that has helped me with my problems.  I went to approx. 15 different Dr's before I was sent to him.  Thank GOD! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	Doesn't listen know's everything he thinks. Only will prescribe methidone for pain.  	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	I have never had a Doctor before that actually would take the time to talk to you, explain something, and actually sincerely wanted to help, but at the same time get to know about you, and work with you. I had been to the UW Pain clinic, and they would just give me an RX for pain pills, after numerous mis-diagnosises from some of the top facility's in Washington, I stumbled across Dr. Albert, by my second visit I had the correct diagnosis, and he's been my Doctor since, that was at least 10 years ago. He also has a kind and caring staff, and when my 15 and a half year old daughter passed away last year I was at a loss, I knew that the Doc had a rule that he did not take calls, but he did that day, because he cares about his patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
33	1	Dr. Albert is compassionate, understanding, and very knowledgable in the area of pain management. He will do his best to help a patient manage pain. If you are a drug seeker do not even make an appointment with Dr. Albert as he is very cautious with pain medicines. Although if you have legitimate pain he will do whatever he can to improve the quality of life for his patients. He is also a internal medicine Dr. And handles problems for people in general medicine.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
34	0	This doc has a nasty habit of rushing through, as if you are just another number.  He twists and turns you this way and that with no sensitivity.  My last visit with him he actually was so unprofessional as to give me instructions for care as he was on the other side of the door and walking out!  What kind of dr gives you instructions as he is walking out&#63;  I don't care how knowledgeable this dr is, that is no excuse to not give a patient eye contact especially at the end of the appointment.  I've had 4 visits with him and only once did he seem friendly.  	3	5	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Very skilled doctor. He is quick because of his large knowledge base. I couldn't be happier with him 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	He knows what he's doing and will make time when I bring up additional concerns.  What other's have been describing here as being hurried is most likely the fact that they present with a pretty straight forward situation, so Dr. Adams gives a straight forward answer.  If you take ownership for your own health, and voice any concerns you may not have had answered, Dr. Adams will make time.  My guess is that, when he doesn't spend a lot of time with me, it's b/c he needs to make up for the guy he spent extra time with, and if I don't need a lot of chit chat or converastion around the obvious, he's not going to dwell.  That works for me, but maybe not for everyone.  BTW, he's always been right so far.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	0	I didn't like Dr. Bob. He's always talking too fast and I feel rushed. I went because of a knee twist, done an x-ray and he just asked me to start physical therapy and he can't see anything wrong from the x-ray. 2 months later, and I'm still exactly the same. I though he should have diagnosed my case more to know exactly what I'm suffering from rather than wasting 2 months and who knows what going on now.  	3	3	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Excellent doc...  short and to the point and old school, but there is nothing wrong with that much better at diagnosing than the prev 2 docs I saw 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	I was thorougly impressed with how attentive and helpful Dr. Adams was.  He spent 45 min with his initial examination.  He even spent the time to take 2 pages of history notes!!!  He actually listened to my concerns and didn't just write a prescription for pain meds and usher me out (which previous doctors have done.)  I'm confident that he will do everything in his power to track down an accurate diagnosis.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	-1	I was referred to Dr. Adams and agree with another rating as far as he did not listen, nor spend time with you. He is very quick to just get you out.  I felt as though he really did not want me as a patient and passed me off after only 3 visits.  Charged me for writing a prescription!!!!Would not recommend nor will I be returning. Very little understanding when it comes to pain.  	5	5	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
34	1	GREAT doctor. Very smart and thorough. I'd recommend him to anyone with sports injuries, really his forte. EXCELLENT doctor.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	I've heard very good things about him, however was not very impressed by his care. Always late, I felt he did not spend enough time listening to me.  	3	1	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Great doctor, great listener, very thorough and attentive to detail. Yes, he normally referred me to a specialist, but he kept in touch and followed up all the time. A great general practice doc, the old way when doctors had time for their patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	-1	 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Attentive, holistic focus on health care. Intuitive understanding of symptoms and remedies. Very approachable. Accurate diagnoses.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
36	1	Outstanding dentist, I would go to him again definitely. 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Such a funny nice doctor. Makes being at the ER much easier experience. And she cared enough to take the proper xrays to see what was really going on.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	I used to go to Dr. Martin but he's almost never there anymore.  Dr. A is very caring and knowledgeable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	This doctor seems thorough and is very caring.  A good listener. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	I've been seeing Dr. Alleman since I was just a baby.  Very knowledgeable and willing to help with anything he can! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	. wonderful person and great Nurse Practitioner excellent staff 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Molina
41	1	Dr Ahmed now works in mount Vernon and is the best dds I've ever had 	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	I went to Dr Ahmed as a new patient on February 3, 2011 based on the referral of a friend. From the time I walked in the door to the time I walked out, I felt like a princes. I was greeted very courteously by the receptionist and was treated promptly. The time taken by the doctor and her staff were unsurpassed by any dentist I have ever gone to. It turns out that I needed some additional treatment and Dr Ahmed was very forthright and professional with my treatment plan. I HAVE NEVER had the positive experience at a dental office the way I did at Dr. Ahmed’s office. HUge Kudos to Dr Ahmed for delivering what he says he will do. You can tell the doctor cares very much about what he does and how he treats people.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
42	1	Dr. Allen is a fantastic pediatrician. He listens very well to your questions, then takes the time to explain exactly what is normal and when you should be concerned. We moved out of the immediate area, but continue to see Dr. Allen because we wouldn't want to switch doctors! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Dr. Albertini is very knowledgeable and helpful.  His staff is very friendly.   Great doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
43	-1	Dr. Albertini was the worst pediatric i have ever been to. He made us feel stupid when we asked him questions as we should have known the answer and didn't ever answer questions. He was always in a hurry and would try to get us out of the office quickly. His assistant/nurse was so unprofessional and made us feel the same way. After our son was severley injured we gave his assistant 5 questions that we wanted to try to get answers on &amp; she wrote them down. When Dr. Albertini came in the office he never even looked at our questions and concerns. We had to mention the questions again. Even then he didn't even look at the notes the assistant wrote. I have never experienced such poor service before. The only credit i give him is that he did see us on our appointment which is only expected. Other than that I would NEVER recommend this doctor to anyone.  Office was not clean, assistant wore pants w/glidder on the back pockets however that was the least of my worries, overall NOT RECOMMENDED 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
44	1	Dr. Adkins has been a wonderful, caring, and responsive doctor. He has been the family physician to myself and my 6 children, having delivered my youngest three girls. He is thorough, and unlike most doctors I have interacted with, he is completely willing to share his knowledge with you in order to help you understand a diagnosis, illness, virus, etc. We have been so lucky to have had him as our doctor for five years, and I doubt that we will find another like him. I have one son with special needs, and I actually moved my son from a specialty pediatric practice to Dr. Adkins because I feel that Dr. Adkins is more knowledgeable and attentive than the peds. specialist. 	 8/20/12	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Has been the best doctor I've had. He is helping me with my 5th pregnancy and has been the best ob doctor Out of all of them, (different doc for each pregnancy)I haven't delivered yet, so I can't vouch for that part yet, but he is very good at telling you all the options and percentages and explaining different ways to look at the situation when I'm trying to make a decision. He's very supportive of whatever decisions I make too. I also feel he really wants to do what's best and right and not just what the current medical trend is. I feel he does the research, and stays educated with the current research. He seems to not hesitate in taking necessary action too, even if he's busy. I love that he's willing to communicate through email. I hate to keep the other patients waiting, but at the same time, want to ask a lot and email seems a good way to do it. As a note, I have never felt like he looked down on me for being on DSHS medical. It's never seemed like it made a difference.  	 5/15/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
44	1	1000 characters isnt enough to write how good Dr. Adkins is. He has been my doctor since 2004, delivered both of my boys and I highly recommend him to every one and anyone, regardless of insurance. He's the best doctor for miles and miles and miles. I don't think there's anything he doesn't know. He always takes his time and is very caring. While I was pregnant with my first son and unsure of some things, I knew I could easily get a hold of him by phone or email. My family and I will be his patients as long as he's in this area. 	 5/1/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	I also had a bad experience with Dr. Adkins and reading the other reviews I now realize it is because our kids are on Medicaid.  He was very rude and condescending.  So yeah, I guess go to this doctor if you have private insurance and don't mind seeing a hypocritical doctor but otherwise avoid.  	4	3	1	3 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
44	1	Dr. Adkins is the most knowledgeable and personable and compassionate primary physician I've ever had.  He has a gift for explaining technical information in understandable terms without being condescending.  He delivered our son via c-section and provided medical care to the whole family in a comprehensive and thorough manner.  I recommend Dr. Adkins without reservation.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
44	1	Dr. Adkins has been my OB and my children's Ped. I appreciate his optomism and the details with which he justifies his course of action if you ask, which also reassures me that he is well read.  My husband and I deeply appreciated his respectfulness of our wishes when it came to wanting  a natural  labor and delivery of our children.  In an age where prescription medication is very overused, we are glad that he does not prescribe meds for us or our kids unless necessary.  He has always been very upbeat and positive.  We did have an unpleasant visit once where we were unintentionally left waiting for a very long time to hear some results and he went out of his way to make it up to us.  He makes himself very available, always telling us to call or email if we have questions, and he is prompt in replying to emails.  I was on subsidized healthcare during my pregnancies and my children still receive it, and Dr. Adkins has always treated us with professionalism and respect.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Molina
44	1	Great doctor I have ever had. He is very helpful and full of information. Wont see anyone else but him.  Thanks 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
44	1	Dr. Adkins was a our family doctor for the 3 years we lived in Pullman. He delivered both my girls. As someone who is terrified of going to the doctor, I found Dr. Adkins to be kind, patient, respectful, and extremely knowledgable. We never felt rushed in our appointments and always left feeling well taken care of. Dr. Adkins encourages his patients to email with questions and concerns and almost always responded within 24 hours. My second child was a planned c-section and as we were are getting ready to head into the OR, the nurse commented that I was contracting every 15-20 minutes. Dr. Adkins immediately said &quot;I can call all this off right now if you'd like to try a v-bac.&quot; It's that kind of respect for the patient's wishes, while maintaing medical integrity that made us value him as we did.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
44	1	I can't recommend this Dr. enough!  He's wonderful with children, thorough with exams, a great listener, full of knowledge and is always up to date on all new research available. He uses his time wisely and I've never had to wait for more than 10 minutes during an appt. Our whole family loves this doctor.  Our children actually look forward to seeing him for wellness checks. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Being on medicare AND having a baby, Dr Adkins has been nothing but helpful and courteous every time I've seen him.  He's never been rude or judgmental.  Only real complaint is he seems to be in a bit of a hurry at times, but we love him as our obstetrition.  I don't know what these other people are talking about.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Medicare
44	-1	If you're on Medicaid, don't bother seeing Dr. Adkins. This guy is verbally abusive behind closed doors. Mr. Nice Guy outside the exam room, but once that door closes.... He raised his voice at me and he called me a &quot;welfare patient&quot;. Whoever runs that office should schedule a Medicaid patient with him, then put a recorder in the exam room so they can hear for themselves, or at least take what people report about him seriously and discipline or fire him. He should go work in a lab or something, not around people, at least not around people who are on Medicaid. He apparently has no problem with folks who are private pay or have good private insurance, but do you really want to be treated by someone who treats the least of us with such verbal abuse and meanness&#63; This guy is a creep.  	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Molina
44	1	Dr. Adkins is an outstanding doctor! He has always been respectful and helpful. He always listens carefully and never makes us feel rushed. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	. Was not helpful when I had questions about the safety of V-bac, although I told him it was important to me he told me to e-mail them to him because he had other patients waiting 	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
44	1	Dr. Adkins has been my doctor for the past 3 years and I could not ask for a better physician. I can e-mail him anytime I have a question and he is always quick to respond. He is knowledgeable about conditions and treatment options and is always thorough in his explanations of procedures and risks etc. He is not arrogant or condescending and I feel like he genuinely cares about me as a patient. He listens to and addresses my concerns in an exquisite manner with an understanding that certain issues, however trivial they may seem, are important to me. He seems to really enjoy what he does and he always greets me with a smile. I have never had such a wonderful doctor. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	First saw Adkins a few years ago because my regular MD was unavailable. I have rheumatoid arthritis, and saw him for a few pain killers for a camping trip since sitting on logs and sleeping on the ground can cause me to have a great deal of pain in my affected joints. He verbally humiliated me, gave me the third degree over 6 pain pills I got from an emergency room almost a year previously, and in so many words accused me of being a junkie.  Then wrote the prescription, threw it in my face, and said, &quot;Make 'em last.&quot;  I walked out in tears. Had another run-in with him a few days ago, again because my regular MD was not available. I am stopping smoking and I am eligible for some assistance with the cost of patches. First he called in a prescription for gum, which is not covered. Then he called in a prescription for the patch, but the wrong strength. He managed to screw things up so bad I can't get anything now. Ok, fine. I get the message. I'm on medicaid so I don't deserve to live.  	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
44	1	Very Nice Dr but I was told he won't treat long term pain management. 	4	3	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Dr. Adkins Delivered our 2nd baby girl in July 2005 and will be delivering our 3rd in Nov. 2007 He has proven to be very knowledgeable, caring and helpful. I would definately reccomend him! He has a great personality and is always willing to listen. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Dr. Adkins will be delivering our baby girl and he is helpful, knowledgeable, very nice and personable. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Best Doc ever! He has been my family doctor for 15+ years now! Always a joy to see him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	Dr. Aguilu is one of the best doctors I've ever had. He cared for my mom and my dad both, and treated both of them with great compassion. When my dad was in the ICU around holiday times, Dr. A still came by on his days off--just because he knew that my family was enduring a particularly difficult time. If I leave a message for him and need to speak with him personally, I know I will hear from him, even if it's long after his office hours are over. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	It took my family a long time to find a GOOD doctor, my children are now grown and have their own children. Dr. Aguilu has been our Dr for over 13 years and is very good.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	I have been seeing Dr. Kissick for 4 yrs and I feel she is the best Dr. I have ever seen. She truly cares for her patients.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
47	1	For a psychiatrists she's ok.  Not at all evil as far as I can tell.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
48	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	-1	I went to her after moving here from portland. She is horrible and helpful. She did nothing for me. I would never go back.  	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	Dr. Ahmad is a wonderful progressive Rheumatologist. She listens well, and most importantly diagnosis well.  I would recommend her to anyone especially those who want input and desire to be pro-active in their care. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	I've been seeing Dr. Ambo for like 15 years and he's awesome. Always very knowledgable, accurate and easy to talk to. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	Dr. Adams did my tummy tuck 4 yrs ago and I am very happy with the results 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	-1	I would not go to him again - I had a midface lift and I did not like my result at ALL. Further, I now have scars in my hairline that I detest. I did not have a good experience with the one of the staff either (specifically one woman with dark hair that came in the examining room). I regret the surgery and would never go back there. 	1	4	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
51	-1	He made my nose look asymetrical and pinched and wouldn't admit that he made a mistake. He also told me it was a simple procedure but billed me saying that it was complicated and expensive 	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
52	-1	this is a very bad doctoer find a different one 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	. Very Helpful and knowledgable 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Molina
54	1	Most complete physical I have ever had.                                                                     .  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Providence
54	1	. kool 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
55	-1	Worst doctor we met. He was 1.5hrs late and was answering all his calls. Never followed up on bloodwork he ordered for us and the patient has cancer. He and the hospital will be hearing from our lawyer. 	5	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	She was a quintessential professional.  That being said, she is also very beautiful. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Dr. Abdulla was very friendly and efficient. She fit me with contact lenses and I am very happy with the comfort and clarity! I would highly recommend her. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	I love the contact lenses Dr. Abdulla recommended. She was friendly and approachable. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	I am not sure why this Dr. is in businesd a s far a sI can tell he dols out pills like candy with little or no proof the patients need them as I belive they all sell there pills for profit..DEA needs to know bout this guy 	2	2	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	Seen him for years,don't anymore!Originally it improved my quality of life.In the last year it's been very shoddy.He changed to unprofessional staff.It became almost impossible to contact anyone there.Leave messages(as they never answer the phone)and nobody would call back.I was started on Savella packets 3 times.My pharmacist and i would call to get the prescription,as directed by Dr. Adams,before the packets ran out and could never get a response.My pharmacist finally got tired of leaving messages.Going there began to feel like going to a drug dealer.Pay cash(wouldn't accept insurance),chat a moment and leave w/prescription for pills. The meds did vitally help my condition,but unprofessional.My last appointment was scheduled for Tues. Jan 28,11 which doesn't exist.Numerous calls and messages;i gave up.I ran out of meds i'd been on for 6 years,including meds for depression.Dr.Adams incompetence is harmful to ones wellbeing and health!I since have changed to a professional doctor! 	2	4	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
57	0	From what i understand this Dr. gives bucketloados of narcotics that patienst sell for alot of money, if ya want to get int he pill selling business this is the Dr. to see.His scripts are red flagged because of this.. 	2	2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	Dr. Adams helped me regain my life, I suffer with chronic low back pain. And before I started seeing him, there were mornings I could barely get out of bed to walk to the bathroom.. He's a wonderful doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	Compassionate, understanding, helpful and takes time with patients....And he LISTENS well! All patients are human beings and he &quot;gets&quot; that and treats patients with respect.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
58	1	This doctor is the best!!!!! My adnoidsd felt awesome!!!! I would totally recommend him!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	I was asking for a different referral from my dr due to these ratings and because there was no other in the area I went to see Dr Ahmadian.  I absolutely love her, she is so wonderful I am truly surprised by these other ratings. She took her time and explained everything to me and was very thorough, I have recommended others to her already. I ask alot of &#63;'s and fax her with others and she took her time to call me and respond to me...not her staff, she followed up with any of my concerns. I had a thyroid nodule, she performed fine needle biopsy ended up inconclusive, referred me to a ENT surgeon and we all decided the best approach was left lobectomy.  Yes I could have waited and gone through more ultrasounds and more biopsies but the end result would have been the same and both Dr gave their opinions and all options and included me in all and the final decision was left up to me.  She is fantastic! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	Has her own agenda, not focused on patient care.  Brash and uncaring.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
59	0	I was sent here by my OBGYN. The staff is horrible. I felt I was in a dollar store or in Toys R Us and dealing with that kind of staff. The same girl who checks me in, weights me and takes my blood pressure. I felt that it is stinginess from the doctors not to hire more staff. I liked the doctor. She was nice and explained everything. But I felt she was over worked. And she mentioned some surgery depending on my results. I am glad my results came normal as I was not going to do a surgery by her as I felt she was too overworked. The staff was not nice when I requested copy of my file to be sent to me. She was rude and said it was sent to my OBGYN. I explained I wanted a copy for me. She didn't understand. I felt they just don't want to work and they are there to get a pay check. 	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	Very condescending. I have a PhD in Human physiology and hence had a decent understanding of my recently diagnosed lupus/fibromyalgia issue. She dismissed me as being not disciplined enough to exercise. Her report said that all my pain and inflammation was just in my head - a mere perception. She ignored the fact that i was positive for SSA and ANA with whacked out cortisol and DHEA levels. Basically it was a total waste of over $350 for my poor provider Microsoft Premera. I hope she never has to deal with any chronic illness esp., endocrine related. Totally avoid! 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	the worst doctor I've ever seen! Extremely rude, condesending and no listening skills at all! She should be lucky I haven't initiated litigation against her. She dismissed me as&quot;just being tired&quot; 6 months later I almost died.  Never ever go to her! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	0	I visited her the 1st time when I was trying to get pregnant, had to keep my thyroid level checked and under control, and the way she talked to me was as if I didn't know anything and had made a mistake by visiting her office. When I did get pregnant my ob gyn told me to visit her again since my thyroid level needs to be monitored, i left a msg for appointment, never got a call back, called again n the staff very rudely said they had left a msg, when i said i never got one the reply was &quot;I left msg at whatever # was left on vm&quot;, i had to leave town n really wanted to get checked before i left, the staff was really unpleasant n kept saying they did not have any apts during this time, i wud've been happy if they just said we can put u on a wait list or may be had been polite, so i had to go back to my gyn for this. I am glad Mandana didn't have any appts and I didn't have to bear her rude behavior again !!!! 	1	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	I have uncontrolled diabetes.  id not seem to care that my levels were 275-400.  She did not seem to believe anything I was telling her.    Maybe it was something as simple as a language problem, not sure.  There are much better choices-not many but keep looking.  	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	The doctor is good but her billing staff is awful. They have been submitting claims with the wrong information to my insurance then they send me a bill every month saying that they couldn't verify me and I need to pay a balance. I personally gave them a copy of my insurance card three times after three statements and they still couldn't do it right. They even gave the lab the wrong insurance information, but the lab staff was intelligent enough to correct the mistake after I gave them my correct insurance information. If this doctor would like to keep a busy practice, they she should definitely change her billing staff and have a better billing system.  	1	5	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	Honestly, I can't even imagine what the other reviewers on here are talking about. Dr. Ahmadian is one of the most helpful, professional doctors I've ever had the pleasure of working with. When I was diagnosed with a thyroid condition, I went to see her. She was extremely methodical and patient taking the history. She explained all options for treatment clearly. She did not push courses of treatment. She had a conservative &quot;wait and see&quot; approach with my condition but was clear what the conditions of the waiting were, and when we would take action. Intelligent, competent, and clear. I adored being under her care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	-1	Doctor was rude to me. picks and chooses her patients;doesn't take take certain types of patients. (weird!)  Billing system is screwy as well.  Won't go back.  	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	-1	Her office staff is awful.  The blood draw they gave me was messed up and I had to go back again after fasting a second time.  She seems very knowledgeable, but her demeanor is incredibly condescending and rude.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	Top notch doctor. I have been a patient of Dr Dale Abbott for more than a decade.  Dr Dale Abbott provides clear and thorough  explanations of medical conditions and treatment options.  He has patience and is nerver too busy to answer questions. He is remarkably knowledgeable. That being said, if he is not sure, he will  say so.    Excellent doctor! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
60	1	Dr Abbott has been our family doctor for almost 20 years.  He has always been very available and gone to some length to answer our questions and concerns.  	4	2	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	I found Dr Dale Abbott to be compassionate. I was seen in an ER out of my Primary Drs area, he came to see me and was kind and attentive. I know one of his former nurses, she also says he was a good doctor and a pleasure to work with. 	5	3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
60	-1	He is a very poor doctor.  Refused to send inlaw to specialist after repeated pleas.  Gives a pill for everything and has often given wrong diagnosis and meds. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
60	-1	Father was patient for years and the last few (5-10 years) had complaints relating to his heart. Doctor always sent him home saying there was nothing wrong with him. He died of a massive heart attack and the Coroner report said that there was &quot;years&quot; of heart disease. Father was only 66 years old. 	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
60	-1	constently makign mistakes with stepfather, could be deadly. seen doc once myself and didnt want to take the time to check me out, would not see him again, and stepfather doesnt liek him eather 		5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	I have complex medical conditions. I have had 5 surgeries in the last 10 years. I work with a ENT, Neurologist, Orthopedic surgeon. Dr. Adolph coordinates all the the treatment and tests. She presecribes all medications. When I started treatment with her my functioning level was very sedintary. After 2 years and with her expertize not only in her own professional skilss but in coordination care with multiple doctors, I'm up and around and now am able to participate and enjoy life again.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	I thought the doctor did an excellent job with both my wife and I.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	This Doctor, especially when you are coming out of a program at a clinic (outpatient), and paying 740 bucks for your suboxone, is a true life saver! he actually &quot;listens&quot; to the patient and its a tradgety that he is not a full time general practictioner as well as addiction specialist, because alot of friends and family could use a doctor that listens for a change and doesnt treat you like youre an ADDICT!!! i highly, highly, recommentd him, scale of 1 to 10 hes got an 11. yes i know hes in tacoma and its a jaunt to drive, but its once a month, no drama, and you arent on a waiting list or not taking new patiens like the ones i found in my area. if there was a way to show him how much he has saved my life, &quot;i would&quot;, all i can do is refer you to him cuz hes the bomb!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	well,  I'm very pleased with dr.alord. I had another suboxone doctor about 10 months ago and he retired.  I called every suboxone I found and they all wanted me to pay between 500 and 1000 bucks for an initial evaluation.  but I already had one.  withmy retired doc which I payed 400 bucks for.  anyway dr. alvord was the only one that didn't charge me for it.  I only pay $100 a month which is much cheaper than anyone else.  he's  a great guy and I would never choose anyone else.  thank you so much dr. alvord.   	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	I highly recommend Dr. Albrecht. Not only is he very knowledgeable, but he also is kind, personable and a good communicator who spent the time with me I needed.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
64	1	. Great doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
65	1	The best!!! Very knowledgeable about my problem and helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
65	1	. great person very helpful with complicated problem 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
65	0	Doesn't meet your eyes. Looks beyond you.   No help in resolving my issues 	3	3	2	3 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
65	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Dr. Aasan has been my doctor for years. She is great with my kids and I. Great women's health and children's doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	My family has used Dr. Candace for several years now and she has always been very knowledgable, patient and is very good at listening to what we need.  So pleased we found her.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	Dr. Abbott was very helpful by explaining what is wrong with my back.  I have been to many other doctors and have never been told any clear answers about what is wrong.  I even called his office later with another question and he got right on the phone to answer it for me.  I would highly recommend him if you have back pain.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	Large blonde nurse was very rude and refused to answer my inquires.  Dr. did a procedure on my back to address pain and said we would get to the other areas that are painful after we see if this helps.  When I went in for my follow up appointment he asked me how it went.  I told him that the pain at the injection sight was much better but the other painful areas were still very bothersome.  He asked me about this &quot;new&quot; pain.  He apparently forgot our earlier conversation and didn't have any notes.  He wanted to argue about this and had no clue as to my original reason for seeing him.  	1	4	2	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	. very good drs love dr abdulla helped find out what the issues with my sons problems were thankfull to the fullest 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
68	1	. Great doctor, very good knowledge, highly recommended, great staff, wonderful front desk, but no good parking 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
68	-1	This Dr would not listen to me or my son and kept interrupting when we tried to tell him what was wrong. He misdiagnosed him with IBD and then said his abdominal pain was psychological. He was very arrogant and pompous and ultimately was wrong because later my son was found to be lactose intollerant and his problems went away when we changed his diet. I would not recommend him.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
68	1	Dr. Abdullah is very helpful.  I asked my child's pediatrician about him and he said that he is absolutely the best!  My pediatrician is not related to Mary Bridge in any way.  Everyone is friendly and helpful and procedures are explained in detail.  I also have opted out of procedures preferring to take a &quot;wait and see&quot; approach and that has been fine also.  The dietitian also explains things very well and has given me very useful suggestions on how to get my children's weight up.  My only complaint is the time we have to wait between when the nurse weighs the children and the doctor comes in and then between the doctor and the dietitian and then between the dietitian and the nurse coming back in to give us the discharge papers.  I am usually at the office for a total of two hours every time (with my two children).  In my opinion, it is more important for my children to get the BEST doctor, than for me to choose another doctor based on petty complaints! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
68	1	Great doctor! Very helpful, kind and compassionate.  I would recommend him to any parent.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
68	1	Dr. Abdullah isn't awful, he just can't seem to spend time explaining anything to worried parents. I'm not sure he does this on purpose or if it's because the hospital and satellite clinics have him over booked. He was friendly enough and seemed genuinely concerned for our child. His office staff at  the satellite clinic we go to however are horrible, unprofessional and rude. We had so many concerns that they refused to acknowledge and would never return calls. This alone would make me choose a different physician. 	1	2	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	-1	Horrible. Dr. Abdullah himself wouldn't be so bad if his staff weren't oh so awful. NOBODY will answer your questions, procedures will get scheduled of which you will have no idea what they are, what they're for and no one at their office will explain them to you. Just don't bother. Go somewhere else.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
68	-1	Made fun of me for my gas... not very helpfull as far as answering my questions. Has a lot to learn when it comes to social relationships. Dont go to this doctor....  He too full of himself 	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Oxford
68	-1	This doctor seems intent on finding something wrong with my son, simply because he's small. He gains weight, but not as much as the growth charts say he should. We've seen dieticians in the office (from whom we've received conflicting advice), have run tests, and haven't found anything wrong, but still, he wants to see us for follow up, after follow up. I believe my son's genetics probably account for his small size. The only thing our appointments have succeeded in doing is making me question my parental instincts. I can not recommend seeing this doctor. On top of all this, I have been double billed for visits and it has taken me months of phone calls to the clinic to get it resolved.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	-1	I went to abdullah for approx 5 years and was misdiagnosed and in the process of that had to have 2 unnecessary surgeries.  I would definitely tell you to see someone else!!!!! 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	-1	he was determined to diagnose my son with something he doesn't have. we went to the appointments as schedualed and all follow ups. we had many tests preformed and when he desided to do surgery to see if he could see if there was intestinal ulcers (celeacs disease sp&#63;). all other tests were negative and we stopped going to him.  	2	4	2	2 	Insurance:Molina
68	0	pediatric gasteroenterology while competent, poor bedside manner with kids. Not sympathetic and very long wait to get into to see him. My advice go somewhere else 	3	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Darcie took the extra time to really ask how i was doing. And she explained the prescriptions she gave me and what i could do to improve my life, to the point that i could live without the prescriptions that i'm taking. That part is up to me. I drive an hour to get to her office. I have thought about changing to a closer doctor, but I don't want to be treated like a number. I want to be treated like a person, and Darcie cares. I would recommend Darcie to any friends and family that need a doctor. I think you will be pleasantly surprised. :) 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	-1	He did not pick up my severe brain injury and led me to crash a car going at freeway speeds. My TBI has only worsen over the years.  	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	1	I've known Dr. Aigner (and have been his patient) for 40+ years (a touch of the &quot;Falling Sickness&quot; as The Bard would call it). I've always been VERY satisfied with his Care, Competence, Service, Interpersonal Skills, and Professionalism. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	-1	Very rude and treated me with no respect 		5	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Dr.S. Abraham was my primary doctor for years. She's an excellant doctor, listens to you and treats the problem.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
71	1	Dr. Abraham was very personable and definitely knew her stuff. I would recommend her to any adult who thinks they may have Adult ADD.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	-1	Very unprofessional and immature.  Do not recommend.  	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	Dr. Abraham is a wonderful doctor. She truly cares about her patients and makes sure they are well taken care of.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	I went to Dr. Abraham as a specialist for Adult ADHD. She was recommended by another UW Physician collegue. I was very impressed by her knowledge and expertise in this field. My treatment was immediately effective (via meds). She is very professional and I am very comfortable discussing a rather personal medical condition that has effected me my whole life. She is easy to talk to and genuinely cares about patients in her care. Highly recommended.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
72	1	Dr. Alston is very thorough.  He is not compelled by insurance company scrutiny and will order proceedures and tests that he feels appropriate.  He spends time with his patients to make sure that he understands, and does a good job of communicating.  Highly recommended GP.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
72	1	Dr. Alston is a wonderful Dr. and very knowledgable. He takes the time to listen and explain. I highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
73	1	She helped me alot and gave me wonderful care. This docter was very caring and very knowlegible. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	-1	Impatient &amp; rude, did not listen to patient. Seems more interested in what she thinks than what my wishes were 	4	3	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	Both my husband and I see Aflatooni and he is very personal, caring ,and he is one of the best MDs I've came across in many years. He truly cares about his patients.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	Very caring and compassionate staff and Dr.! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	-1	If you want to die a slow painful death, see Alrashedy, notice I didn't refer to him as Doctor. He does not care about the health and welfare of pt, he cares only that he looks good, and sounds right.  He mis-diagnoised me, and stuck to the diagnosis even after I was diagnoised with a different syndrome from a specialist. He refuses to listen to pt or other doctors.   Stay away from Mida also 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	The medical community needs more physicans like Dr. Aguila!  His professionalism, dedication, knowledge, bed side manner.. he is the standard! For those working around him, elevate your level of care, because he provides nothing but the best!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	Very compassionate, knowledgeable and thorough. He has a strong interest in the newest research and you never feel rushed through the visit (which is probably why the wait times can be long as he must spend a good amt of time w/each patient.) Also good sense of humor and all-around good guy.  :) 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	1	Dr. Addison is the most amazing doctor! I have been a patient for 9 years and refuse to give him up even having moved to two different states! He is the only doctor who really affirmed what I was saying and went well above and beyond to help me figure out what was wrong. It was also largely in part to his plan for me that I was able to finally conceive a baby. I would reccomend him to ANYONE, however I must agree with the above comment that his office staff is not so hot! I usually just deal with them the least that I can and then handle everything important with Dr. Addison himself. He is AMAZING! 	2	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	As any patient of his knows, wait times can be long.  However, he treats all his patients with so much care and compassion!  My husband, myself, and our 5 year old (which Dr. A delivered via C-section) all love him.  He has always taken the time to listen and is not above admitting that he doesn't know everything.  He has referred us to specialists when necessary and is a wonderful family doctor.  My only real complaint is his office staff.  They must purposely pick the least compassionate people from MultiCare and station them at this office, because I have NEVER had a good experience with the front desk or the nurses in the office.  I would definitely recommend Dr. Addison, as long as you have the patience to wait for 45 minutes for every office visit.  	2	2	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
77	1	This man is wonderful!! He has been my doc for 5 years, my husbands for 4 (my hubby HATES doctors, but likes him) And also my 2 childrens dr from birth. He diagnosed many problems in my kids most people ignored, Like severe reflux in both. Very caring and knowledgeable. Its quite a wait at his office, but the great care is WELL worth it!!! 	3	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	-1	I specifically made an appt to get antibiotics for an upper respiratory infection that I was afraid would migrate to my sinuses.  My regular doc wasn't available so I saw Dr. Adams. After explaining my problems with a very serious sinus infection last year, I asked for antibiotics. After trying to prescribe me a garlic/ginger tea, she agreed to prescribe antibiotics. I took them for 7 days, with no improvement then immediately got worse as soon as the prescription ran out.  I returned and was able to see my regular doc who explained that Adams had given me a &quot;naturopathic dose&quot; of antibiotics that effectively did nothing.  It is now two weeks later, I am much worse (though the REAL antibiotics I received last week have helped).  Given that I went in specifically asking for antibiotics and she gave me a dose not powerful enough for an infant, I think this is not only bad medicine, but bad boundaries.  I would not still be sick if I had informed consent about the dosage.  unacceptable. 	5	5	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	Dr. Ames is a great doc. Only one around willing to dig further than the surface to find the root of the problem 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	Very attentive and listens.  Both a naturapath and MD, and broadly educated. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	I have had Dr. Adams has my physician for several years now. She is knowledgeable, a good listener and thorough in her examination. She is willing to refer you to a specialist if you need one. She has a complete natural pharmacy and also is willing to tell you where you can get it cheaper if she knows. If it's a medicine she doesn't have, she will tell you where you can get it. I appreciate her position attitude and the way she conducts herself as a physician. She shares results of tests with you and tells you what they mean. I have recommended her to many people.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	Has kept me off antibiotics for about 5 years now-- healthier than ever! Dr. Adams knows her stuff and has been willing to keep searching for answers when other doctors fail. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	Wonderful caring doctor. Will spend the time needed with you to go cover everything which can sometimes make her late for the next person but then she'll do the same with them. Staff is great too. Full pharmacey of naturopathic products but doesn't hesitate to tell you where you can get it cheaper. Will refer to other doctors and welcomes feedback and second opinions. Can't say enough good things about her. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	One of the best MDs I've ever met!  Excellent listener and problem solver.  Most helpful in facilitating my care with other specialists.  I really felt that she had my best interests at heart.  You will not be disappointed; I would not want to see anyone else for my sports medicine needs. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	Fabulous doctor, caring and empathetic, and set me up with exactly the information and physical therapy I needed.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
81	1	Brilliant woman. Identified cause of knee and back pain in 1st visit and set me up with appropriate exercises.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
82	1	Very good with trying to figure out issues. Very personable and willing to take the time with you to find out the correct method to help you get your issues handled.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
82	1	Dr. Abramski has been extremely effective at helping my mom. She has been seen by many psychiatrists that have been aloof, distant, and have not given her the right medication. She has struggled for years with her issues. Ever since my mother started seeing Dr. Abramski she has been at her best and has resumed her normal life. My mother was always skeptical and resistant to seeing psychiatrists and Dr. Abramski's professional and compassionate treatment has changed her attitude towards the profession. Thank you Dr. Abramski! 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	0	Cr Abramski is very kind but very old school and over-relays on medication and is very close to retirement. He doesn't seem to be up to speed on current therapy that are useful for sucidal adolescents and seemed somewhat oblivious to our desire for family therapy versus identifying one child as the &quot;problem&quot; in need of drugs.  Overlake Behavioral Health is very expensive if you opt out of using your insurance (they charge $200 per visit and accept $150 from insurance but charge private patients the full amount) 	4	4	3	2 	Insurance:Aetna
82	1	Dr. Abramski is one of the most compassionate psychiatrists I've met. I felt like he understood what I was dealing with, not just treating it. He's always friendly, and goes out of his way to aknoledge me. I highly reccomend him to others! 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	Cares about his patients, very professional and well informed. He is the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	very good experience, up to date and has a good and appropriate sense of humor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	This pysician is brusque, to the point, in a hurry to get through appointments. Seems to understand latest medications but always does not check past medical history for important details. Effective diagnostics, good results with medications he recommends. 		5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	I transferred to Dr Alinea after getting the run around from another clinic. He listened to me , found out exactly what was going on after doing some tests then sent me to a specialist for my back and I have been doing fine.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
85	1	Wonderful, caring doctor who is extrememly knowledgable and uses the expert resources of her peers to make the best decisions. Great communicator - of all my many specialists, I feel she is the most on top of my care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	fantastic doctor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	He is the best. I highly recommend this doctor to all women. He is very kind, passionate, and a very good listener. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	I was referred to Dr. Saraf when my GP identified that I had a substantial fibroid issue.  Let me first say that I don't need my doctor to be my emotional support, or my cheerleader --I have family &amp; friends for that. I need my doctor to provide the information that only a medical professional can provide, and the skill to do something about it.  Dr. Saraf did that for me in a way that I absolutely appreciated.  He is professional, articulate, concise, and understandable.  His approach through my recovery from surgery was a conservative one, holding me on ice then clear liquids longer, as a means of controlling the process for a successful outcome.  I agree with his approach and am grateful for his results.  I highly recommend Dr. Saraf and feel very fortunate to have found him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
86	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	Dr. Agress is my favorite OB so far.  He's very knowledgeable, compassionate and has a great sense of humor (I find it comes in handy when your feet are up in stir ups:).  I had a D&C; with him with no complications at all.  Great doc! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	Dr. Agress was one of the best doctors I ever had. He delivered my second and third children. Big difference between the doctor of my first and Dr. Agress. I was going thru a divorce during my 3'd pregnancy and would go in and cry each visit. He was very caring and compassionate. Has a great sense of humour. With my 2'nd pregnancy, I had begun with another doctor, who, when I started bleeding vaginally and wanted a note to stay home from work the rest of the pregnancy(working on my feet, lifting heavy objects, etc.)(had a miscarriage shortly before and was worried that I'd have another one) laughed and told me that if stress could cause a miscarriage then all teen moms would loose their babies. Left her and went to Dr. Agress. He said that if a woman felt that she couldn't work, he'd support her and give her a note. I also had had a C-section(1st baby) and had been told that I would have to have one all future pregnancies. Dr. Agress let me try and have a vaginal birth. Very patient. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	Dr. Agress was not my OB, but was the OB on-call when I delivered. In my opinion, he appears to be an excellent surgeon and is very well-suited to deal with emergency situations which one may encounter during labor/delivery. However, I felt that his bedside manner had something to be desired and I felt like my long labor was holding him from some other more important pressing matter. 		4	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
88	0	This doctor was supposed to do a bone marrow draw on me for a clinical study. She came into the room and immediately began looking around to see if there was another person hiding behind the curtain. Then she asked if I was the one she had to do the draw on and proceeded to tell me it was difficult because I'm a &quot;bigger&quot; person. So very insensitive and rude! She mumbled through what she was doing and eventually couldn't get the draw because she didn't have the right equipment. Whatever you do, find another doctor! 	1	5	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	-1	Made an emergency appointment for Dr. Adams @ 11:00 a.m. the same day. Arrived ten minutes early and was told I had no schedule appointment for that day and was sent home confused and still in pain. Four days later I recieved a bill for missed apointment for the day and time I was turned away on. Sent them a letter explaining that I was there for my appointment and that a witness dropped me off at the time and date of my appoinment. There response letter was we don't believe me or my witness, charges stay on your account. I know I was there when I was suppose to be but will probably have to pay to avoid collection agency and negative credit report.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
89	-1	Made an appointment and showed up 10 minutes early. Was told I did not have an appointment that day (but I did). Went home and 3 days later a bill was sent for missed appointment. Office insists I did not show up and to pay immediately even thou I have witnesses. AVOID.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
90	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	A very friendly, knowledgable, compassionate, and helpful doctor. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Wonderful doctor. Was our family, obstetrics, and pediatric doctor for 5 years and delivered my two children. Very friendly, caring and sincere. Listens, explains, and makes sure you understand things. Shows true interest in the patient's concerns. Very popular doctor, well liked, which is why I rated him a 4 on punctuality. He is very busy. However, once he sees you, he does not try to rush thru the appointment. In order to see him you usually have to schedule well in advance, depending on the concern, which was a downside. The rest of the office is also very friendly and caring as well. Was very happy there until we moved away. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	Very caring and professional. She is a good listener and makes you feel comfortable and gives you hope.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	-1	Very young doctor at a large hospital clinic who didn't seem to have any background in trauma even though I was referred from the ER. Only able to see her for 30 minutes once a month so switched to a psych doc that actually did counseling vs meds.  	3	5	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	0	Christian is a product of a medical system that tends to over emphasize the use of medication for complex emotional problems in children. She is young and lacks the experience of being a parent herself. Try to get a second opinion if she gives you an RX and sends your child out the door with advice to return in 3 weeks. We left her office and called another doc on the way home. 	4	5	4	2 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	The best doctor I've seen or experienced!  Her knowledge, her kind approach, her brilliance - all shine through.  I highly recommend Dr. Abson and her staff. I'd travel thousands of miles to see her if needed.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	1	My family has gone to Dr. Abson for over ten years and she has been professional, knowledgeable and extremely well-educated in her diagnosis and prescriptions. I have highly recommended her to friends and family and will continue to do so.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	-1	I found her to be irritable and dismissive.  I went based on her write up in the magazine discussed above.  She actually contradicted my experience- it was stunning.  No, there are better derms out there. 	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	I travel 1,600 miles to see this doctor.  She found a melanoma on a routine skin check 8 years ago and I have been followed by her since.  Excellent educator.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	0	My visit was less than two minutes. I was given one of the most widely prescribed topical medications after barely being looked at. 	4	4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	I had an odd problem which I'd seen several doctors with including my superb GP.  No one knew what was causing it, but my GP recommended Dr. Abson, who diagnosed it correctly inside of 10 minutes, and treated it successfully.  I've been very happy with Dr. Abson.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	1	Very knowledgable and attentive and a good listener, taking time to explain and educate re. whatever condition. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	0	Dr. Abson was misleading about the course of a serious skin disease my daughter had. Said it would be gone in 6 wks (it's now 2 yrs), that it couldn't convert to a more serious strain (it can and may be doing so), among others. 		5	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
93	-1	 		5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	Excellent, caring doctor who manages to operate within the pressured time environment of managed care and still makes you feel like you've been listened to. Easy to see why she was top rated in a recent article in Seattle Magazine.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	Nice, knowledgeable and really listens. Kind of gorgeous, wear makeup.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
95	1	Dr.Ahlstrom is one of best ENT doctor in spokane, wa. She has saved my life more then once. She listens she explain things to you and also take time to follow up on you.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
96	1	I would highly recommend Dr. Adnan Alseidi.  He has a wholistic approach that truly addressed me as a whole person.  You can tell that he cares deeply and treats his patients with dignity and respect.  I personally feel empowered and vital after spending some time with him.  I know he is new to the Seattle area; as a native from Seattle, I am so greatful that he is here.  He changed my life for the better and I know he is doing the same for others every single day.    -Crystal Newton 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	The doctors and staff at Water's Edge Clinic are all top notch. They took a lot of time getting to know me and my needs, and figuring out precisely what was going on in my body. They did NOT spend five minutes with me and guess at the problem - the new patient consultation was about an hour, and they did thorough blood tests to keep track of certain metrics of health. After just a few weeks at the clinic I have lost a significant amount of weight, I look great, I have a ton of energy. In short, I feel like a whole new person. Thank you Dr. Abrams! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	Dr. Abrams is a great doc! When I started seeing her I was pretty ill and depressed. After doing a couple of tests to find out what was going wrong in my body we found out my blood sugar, cholesterol, thyroid, and female hormones were out of control. Her treatment plan addressed every one of my problems. I am off my cholesterol pill and my blood pressure is NORMAL! I lost 47Lb and continue my weight loss. I am now taking natural meds to control my cholesterol. I cannot possibly put into words what a wonderful lifestyle change this has been. Dr. Abrams has helped me take control of my health. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	Dr. Abrams did an amazing job restoring my health and balancing my hormones. My hot flashes and night sweats are gone.  I sleep so much better.  She helped me lose 25 lbs. and recover my energy and endurance. As a long-term patient of Waters Edge Clinic I have had multiple physical exams and blood draws. My exams were always done by a Doctor, there are no nurses in this office.  I never had a bad experience with a blood draw.  I learned so much about living a healthy life style, having a healthy diet and discovering my food allergies. Dr. Abrams is so caring and took all the time I needed answering all my questions.  I have recommended her to all my friends. 	 8/28/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
97	-1	Very unprofessional: 1 During a physical my temp was recorded as 94 deg. I asked why so low and the nurse said the current batch of thermometers was reading low. At home my temp read 102. I was later diagnosed with pneumonia. 2 After numerous attempts by the nurse to draw blood, I was left with bruises and at least 6 needle marks on each arm. 3 I was given a prescription by Dr. Abrams that my pharmacist said it was improperly prescribed. I consulted another physician and he confirmed this. 4 With one of the other prescriptions I developed several serious side effects. I called her office and the nurse told me to continue the medication. I again asked the receptionist if I could speak with the doctor and was told I could make an office appointment 4 da. later to discuss my problems. I said I would seek a second opinion. 4 hr. later Dr. Abrams called me back. There were several other events and comments that made me very uncomfortable and needless to say I did consult another physician. 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	I selected Dr. Allen because he really partners with me as a patient... shares information... helps me be involved in making smart decisions and choices. I love that through Group Health's website, I can email with him quickly. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	Amazing doctor! I know it's not fun to wait to see him bc his waiting time is always soooo long but it's definitely worth it! He takes his time with you and answers all your questions and addresses all of your concerns. He explains things in a fashion that makes sense and he makes sure that you're okay before he moves on. His bed side manner is phenomenal and he's so personable... he remembers the littlest details of anything you've ever discussed with him and that's just amazing!  I would recommend him to anyone! 	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
99	1	Communication is difficult once your appointment has been completed. Phone calls are not always returned but the nurse that calls tries to be helpful. There is very little follow-up from the doctor. The patient must contact the doctor's office is there is a concern or question following appointments. Which is fine if the communication was answered, but that is not always the case. I realize how busy they can be so I'm not complaining so much as just sharing a patient's perspective. For example, I call for a medication refill, which they authorize with the pharmacy, but then they do not call me back to let me know. Several days later the pharmacy calls because I have not picked up the prescription. The wait time in his offcie is sometimes frustrating - on the average, I wait 45-60 minutes past my schedules appointment time. On the positive side, Dr. Adatia is friendly, knowledgeable, and has helped me with some of my medical issues.  	3	1	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	1	takes a lot of time therefore runs behind schedule but well worth the wait. 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	I really like Dr Adatia.  I take my two children to him as well and they also like him.  He has been very instrumental in getting my daughter's hypothyroidism under control.  He does take his time with you so you may have to wait a little bit to see him.  This is worthwhile when he doesn't rush you out of his office when it is your turn. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	good physician.  spends alot of time when necessary.   always runs at least 30 minutes late 	3	1	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
