dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Dr. Paras is the best! My entire family goes to her, &amp; we all highly recommend her. She won't hesitate to send us to a specialist, she calls to check on us if we are seeing a specialist and wants to know what we think about our treatment. She will take our phone calls and basically do whatever she needs to make us feel comfortable and confident about our diagnoses and treatments.  We trust her completely! 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	Dr. Paras is an extremely knowledgable, professional and caring doctor.  She goes out of her way to make sure that she understands your concerns and that you receive the treatment that you need.  She is very good at providing the whole range of treatment that is appropriate from a family practitioner, and when something is beyond her scope of knowledge/training she and her staff are great at managing the process of referring you to a specialist and following up to make sure that you get the treatment that you need.  She is a true Family Practice doctor and the fact that she treats my husband and myself plus both of our children makes it very convenient if there is something contagious going through the house.   She was recommended to me by a friend who also raved about her and I, in turn, would not hesitate to recommend her to anyone 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	Dr. Paras is GREAT, She's never rushed, takes her time and answers any questions I have. I have been going to her for 4 yrs. She does everything and is very thorough. She also has a great sense of humor and is very friendly.I highly recommend her.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	The clinic and staff are great. Not like anything I expected, having seen other clinics on the south side that could all learn a lesson on customer service from RBI and Scott's staff. Always pleased! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	This guy does care and he gave me more real results than I could have ever asked for from any other doctor. His site www.professionalpsychiatry.com is great! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Been to over five psychiatrists, and will stay with Scott. He always knows his stuff, has great staff, and he cares, is very genuine, professional, and plays no games. Got the right meds and great psychotherapy. Never felt better. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	0	.  	3	2	3	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	-1	Lacks knowledge.  Diagnosed me with lack of thyroid function, put me on high strength medication until another doctor told me that absolutely nothing was wrong with my thyroid! 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	This was an in-network doctor, so this is who I saw for foot pain. The problem has improved somewhat, but this doctor's billing and bookkeeping is extremely inaccurate and inefficient. Following the first appointment, the insurance paid a small portion, but the bill for the balance arrived too late to file for medical flex spending so it was paid out of pocket. It was then that I discovered I was billed for &quot;custom&quot; orthotics. (Insurance pays for orthotics, but not nearly what these cost.) Since I'd signed the standard insurance waiver, I was responsible. There was no initial explanation that these were custom and therefore probably wouldn't be covered. In spite of this bad experience, I went for a second visit. Once insurance had paid, I received a bill showing a balance forward with no supporting data. Paid the bill anyway, and now, two months later, I'm told the account is being sent to collections for nonpayment. Needless to say, I won't be returning.  	1	3	2	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
5	1	We are fortunate to be double covered in insurance but thier office will only bill the primary insurance company.  I submitted the remainder of the balance to the secondary insurance company and they sent the check to the Dr. office even though I had already paid the Dr.  When I called the Dr.'s office for a refund (around $500), I was given the run around.  My calls to the accountant were not returned and the receptionist told me I had to wait &quot;my turn&quot; which would be approximately 30 days.  I threw a fit and when I said I would be coming personally to the office to talk to the Dr., the accountant called me and I had a check the next day. 	2	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	Treatments did not work. Rude staff. Unresolved billing issues. I felt they were all unprofessional. They talked badly about me to their other patients - and it got back to me.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
6	1	I couldn't recommend Dr. Partington more for reconstructive surgery. He's incredibly gifted and he seems to honestly care about his patients. I went in after suffering a chemical burn on my scalp that left me with a bald spot. After a couple of surgeries the bald spot is gone, albeit I'll have a scar for life but that is just the cost of the chemical burn. He was wonderful and I highly recommend him. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	I have had weight issues my entire life. I had a lap-band in 9/07, I was in a major car accident 4 months later, I had back surgery because of this accident, and I was diagnosed with Hasimoto’s disease. This had a negative impact on my overall health and mental wellbeing. I knew that I was going to struggle the rest of my life with my weight.  I decided to have liposuction on several areas to use as a tool, to help concur a healthier lifestyle.  Dr. Partington was an excellent jump start to my overall health. Dr. Partington and his staff made me feel very comfortable, they had every base covered and I appreciated the honesty and professionalism they provided. Rachel is one of the sweetest, most helpful nurse assistance. Dr. Partington is a gifted plastic surgeon. He has wonderful bedside manners and treats you like an individual and not just a number. He is very compassionate, concerned about you as a person, your journey and your final result.  I recommend Dr. P to everyone I know. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	amazing office.  Dr P and staff were very helpful explaining the procedure to me.  Wonderful pre and post treatment.  Would highly recommend Dr to friends and family.  I am a very satisfied patient. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Very friendly and skilled working with me to get my eyes rechecked and fit for contacts.  Easy to work with. 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	. Dr P has done both of my c sections and will be doing a 3rd in a few months, i recommend dr paley to women who have had at least one child previously unless you are a no nonsense kind of person, not that Dr P wouldnt answer your questions hes just very fast and efficient and a no need to waste time kinda Dr, whos still i appreciate and like he doesnt BS around he just does his job answers your questions and lets go on your way, if you are someone who needs someone to listen to your 500 questions and needs to be explained everything in detail and you dont trust your OB then this is not the Dr for you! 	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:Molina
8	-1	I would NOT recommend Dr. Paley to anyone. He was on-call doctor at the Overlake Hospital (where my child was born) and he saw me the day after the delivery, in order to discharge me. Unfortunately, the OB who was following my pregnancy from the very beginning was not available. I had some post-delivery concerns, which I voiced to him and his exact words to me were: &quot;There is no return policy, okay&#63;&quot; Very condescending. He didn't answer my questions or was helpful in any way. I wouldn't choose this &quot;doctor&quot; for myself in the million years. I went to my OB afterwards and what a difference in bedside manner and empathy. Shame on you, &quot;Doctor&quot; Paley.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	-1	Poor service.  Patronizing attitude.  Was recommended by  friends as a good ob but I didn't bond to him.  	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
8	1	Dr. with good patience and bedside manners; listens to you and answers all questions very well.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
8	-1	If you are female and post-childbearing years, I would discourage your selecting this doctor.  I felt like he was on a clock (10 min. max per patient) and he had to get in and out to his next patient, regardless of my questions regarding peri-menopause (I had three).  Questions were answered abruptly, i.e., &quot;I'm sure you don't want to consider HRTs so sometimes you just have to learn to deal with it.&quot;  My favorite response had to do with decreased libido during peri-menopause.  Expressing little empathy, he told me that sometimes you just have to 'reach for the astro-glide and just tough it out.'  I will not be returning.  	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	Dr. Paley delivered both my sons in unscheduled c-sections. He is attentive, laid-back, reassuring and explains complicated matters in easy to understand terms. On my first delivery, they had to induce labor. He stopped by the hosptial that night to check on me and the nursing staff watched his young kids while he tended to me. For my second delivery, he came in early in the morning before he had to leave on vacation. The timing was lucky but, in both cases, I really appreciated how he made the effort to take care of me and not turn the delivery over to the doctor on call. Also, as an &quot;older than average&quot; mother, I had a lot of questions and concerns. He always took plenty of time in my appointments to address all my concerns and his staff was helpful, responsive and pleasant during appointments and on the phone. I had a few complications following the second delivery, and he called me directly a few times to check on my progress.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	Dr. Paley has great bedside manner and I found him to be a very sincere and an excellent OB.  He delivered my 1st 2 sons, in 1999 and 2003.  He was on vacation for the delivery of my 3rd son in 2006.  These were all c-sections, the 1st 2 being emergency ones.  He answered all of my questions each time honestly and in laymen's terms.  He was not condescending.  He never seemed in a hurry.  I think that he is one of the best OB/Gyn's in the area.  Even though he is in a big practice, he makes you feel like you are in a small practice.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	dr. paley delivered both of my daughters. The first was by unplanned c-section, following 9 hours of labor. I got an infection from the surgery 3 weeks later which was most likely due to some placenta being left inside me. That said, Dr. Paley was very attentive and even took the time to call me from home on one of his days off. My second c-section was scheduled and went off without a hitch.  	4	3	4	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	I was referred to Dr. Paley by my primary care physician.  My diagnosis required surgery and was very scary.  It does appear he is tightly booked but he would slow down and waited for expected Q&A.;  Surgery was successful without complications/infection, etc.  Trying to get in for the annual(plan for three months) is difficult but not really for other issues that have come up.  I think he leans on staff to vet inquiries quite a bit so that's expected.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
8	1	I'm a young girl and seeing an OBGYN was extremely awkward and scary experience for me but he made it the best it could be.  He has a very quirky presense to him so awkward moments breeze by.  He doesn't aknowledge the fact that i'm freaking out, which was so nice.  His nurse, Morgan, is amazing and extremely helpful and always calls me back promptly and puts me at ease.  I'm happy there so far but I secretly wish i had a high risk pregnancy because although Dr. Paley is extremely knowledgeable, I'm seven months pregnant now and i feel he has only used about 1/10 of his beans on me.  	5	3	3	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
8	-1	I had an appointment with Jonathan Paley for uterine bleeding due to perimenopause. He said he wanted to perform a straw biopsy to see what was going on. Instead of the straw biopsy he performed a D&C; without anesthesia. It was SO painful! I was home in bed in extreme pain for a week. My husband thought I should be admitted to the hospital. I called the office and talked to his nurse about the bleeding. She was completely surprised with the description of the procedure he had done. She was not in the room with him and me. I made the follow up visit with another of their doctors, she said &quot;he's a good doctor that got carried away.&quot; I reported him to the director of the clinic and they said to not come back to their clinic since I am not happy with their care. Would you be happy with surgery performed on you without your consent and without anesthesia&#63; He is not trustworthy to do what has been agreed on for treatment. 	 9/13/07	1	5	1	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Dr.Paley had great bedside manner and was the first doctor that got to the bottom of what was wrong with me after so many doctors said nothing was wrong. He was very nice and knew what he was talking about. What I did not like is that I feel he is overbooked and does not have the time to really deal with your case.He was in and out in a minute, I felt he cared (unlike many doctors I have seen) but was rushed. He was hard to get ahold of as I was dealing with a matter that needed immediate treatment and I felt that even though his immediate treatment and tests he did for me were done quickly, for me to find out about the followup treatment required me to call him over and over without a clear answer to when he was going to get me in or what was going to be done to treat the problem. I am still dealing with this so I will update again once my situation is taken care of. Hopefully I will have nothing but great words about the rest of my treatment. 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Jonathan paley was recommended to me by a very close friend and is recommended by many women according to a friend who works with him. I believe it. He has an excellent bed side manner. Very knowledgeable and helpful! I'm not one that is comfortable around male doctors being a female myself but I am comfortable around Dr. Paley and his staff. I highly recommend Jonathan Paley!!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Very laid back doctor who doesn't sweat the small things. Has great perspective. Has been a blessing to have - knowledgeable and supportive. 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	0	Not a supporter of VBAC and very schedule driven. He is knowledgeable and a good doctor but didn't have time to really focus on what I wanted from my child's birth. 		3	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Dr. Paley has delivered 2 of my children and I think he is excellent as a dr. He isn't pushy, he is balanced and knowlegeable. I think he has a good bedside manner. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	0	If you want a doctor who really cares than don't go to him!He really doesn't care at all.Always on the run and hardly has any time for his patients.He is very knoledgeable,but he has really bad bedside manners.His doctor ego is up in the sky too.Sorry, but thats the truth.  		3	1	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	-1	Dr Peterson, had me take an MRI and X rays. He decline to look at my x rays until the MRI was done. I did both MRI and X-Rays the same day as the appointment. Dr Peterson gave he his word he would call me in couple of days with the result/ diagnosis and treatment plan. He never called. I called his nurse 3 times she did not return my calls. I invested time and money for no diagnosis, no results and no treatment plan.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
9	1	What can I say, this is the best doctor I've ever seen.  Repaired my ACL and it is as good as new.  Great at counseling, best at surgery -- he's a rock star in knee surgery. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	Dr. Peterson was very helpful in preliminary appointments but unfortunately  I am very dissatisfied with the service of Providence Medical Center and this doctor.I showed up on the day of my surgery just as I was told and was unfortunately informed that my surgery was cancelled. The surgery had been cancelled a week before, but I didn't receive one phone call telling me of this. I think it was very unprofessional. Also, if you're looking for your medical records, good luck, you won't get them until you call them everyday for two weeks, they'll finally get annoyed enough and hand them over.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Dr. Peterson is my life saver! After seeing a few orthopedics about my knee, he told me straight up what needs to happen. I had reconstructive knee surgery at 18 years old and I was fully recovered in less then a year. He was always kind, but would tell you what you needed to do. He gave me many options and always told me to call anytime with questions. He even fit me in one day when I was paranoid about hitting me knee again. This is the only doctor I trust with my knee.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Best Orthopedic doc on the planet.  He saved my knee from a nasty infection from a previous surgery, did half dozen more scopes over the years to my basketball thrashed joint, then gave me a new lease on my athletic aspirations with a total knee at age 45.  He's head and shoulders above his peers in his personal approach, personal touch, caring and nurturing nature.  Not just a fine doctor - but a fine human being, husband and father as well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Dr. Peterson is interested in helping each patient return to full, no-pain-health and activity.  He's an intelligent perfectionist, a kind, gentle, man who readily smiles and jokes with patients.  A person just feels good being in his presence! He's a doc who's &quot;there for you&quot;; he has said, &quot;Call me any time if you have a question of concern.&quot; His staff is excellent in that they are professional and caring.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	-1	Waited two hours...unacceptable. If you value your time, go elsewhere.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:GHI
11	1	I usually don't write reviews, but this time I figured I would do it. I just had my 3rd visit with Dr. Pathy recently.  She is wonderful, smart and genuinely caring. It is hard to find good doctors these days, I have had several doctors in my life I feel I am in good hands now.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	GREAT DR THAT REALY CARES.  I WOULD RECCOMEND YOU TO SEE HER 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
12	1	My Fiance is stationed at Fort Lewis. Dr. Penavler was my sons doctor for the first month then Tricare told us that in order for him to be on Tricare Prime that he would have to be seen by an Army Doctor so we took our son to Mcchord Ped. When we took him to Mcchord the nurse put sliver nitrate on my sons belly button to remove the extra skin on it. Well she did it carelessly and gave my son 2nd degree burns. Need to say we never took our son back there again. . We took him back to Dr. Penavler We went to Tricare on base and told them what had happen at one of their clinics and filled out paper work to get his PCM change to Dr. Penavler. After they investigated what happen they approved my son to be seen by Dr. Penavler and for him still be enrolled in Tricare Prime. Dr Penavler is a AMAZING doctor that actually cares about your children. He called and checked on my son after work hours to tell us the result of a test.  How many doctors do you know that would do that&#63; His staff is great 	 1/23/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
12	1	Best and most caring pediatrician you could hope to find for your child! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Absolutely amazing with children. Calming, soothing voice... has the God-given gift of putting children at ease. A very sweet man and highly recommended! 	 1/14/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Dr. Penalver has been great for all three of my children. He was also my husbands ped. Go Dr. Penalver! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	I have known Dr. Penalver for years and did not hesitate to recommend him for my niece.  He has been her doctor for the past two years, since birth.  He truly cares.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Molina
12	1	Dr. always takes as much time as I need to understand what is going on.  He is down to earth.  Very concerned about the welfare of my childrens health and emotional feelings.  Doesn't over medicate.  My kids are too old for a pediatrician now.  I wish I could find a G.P. in the area just like him.  If you are a Nervous Nelly and want a lot of tests and procedures to calm you, Dr. Penalver isn't for you.  If you like a more practical, personal, natural approach you will like him. 	4	2	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	My son had been a patient from birth. At 18 months I brought up concerns about my son's hearing. I was sent home - again at 2 years I went to have my son's hearing checked - again sent home as an over concerned parent. At 2 years and 8 months I brought my son to a different doctor who ordered an EEG - ended with a diagnosis of Severe Bilateral Hearing Loss. Because I wasn't taken seriously, my son lost years of specialized services. The entire affair was disheartening as I really liked Dr. Penalver and his staff. 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Very thoughtful, knowledgeable, and available. I've been looking a long time for a pediatrician I could trust and Dr. Penalver, along with his partners, have ended my search. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Always caring and understanding of his children and their parents. Couldn't be a better Ped's Doc. out there!!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Wonderful bedside manner. Its like seeing an old friend when you have an appointment with him.  Very caring individual.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
13	1	User Reviews for PAPLOW DAVID MD VIRGINIA MASON EAST:  Time spent in waiting room: (1 would mean &quot;way too long&quot;, 5 would mean &quot;prompt, fast service&quot;) 5 / 5  Bedside manner: Do they make you feel comfortable&#63; 5 / 5  Knowledge of Medicine: Do you feel that they know what they are doing&#63; 5 / 5   Comments made about PAPLOW DAVID MD VIRGINIA MASON EAST:  michele - woodinville, wa Very sensitive and thoughtful. He takes time with patients and never rushes. Great Dr.  Roy - Woodinville, WA I can't say enough good things about Dr. Paplow. He is definitely &quot;old school&quot; in that he spends time and really listens. I have never felt rushed. He just great.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
13	1	Dr. Paplow always takes time to listen to me, and is has a great bed-side manner.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Very nice man and does good work! I would recommend him to anyone. I am really uncomfortable getting fillings - have not had one in 15 years.  They did everything to make me feel comfortable and now my tooth is great! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
15	1	. Always a great experience and the staff are terrific! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
16	1	 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Pedersons on and off for about 10 years.  I have a very difficult medical history, and Dr. Pederson has always been open to trying new things, and knows when to refer me to specialized help.  He always listens to me, and is never arrogant or opinionated.  The best in Whatcom county for sure!! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
17	1	Dr. Bruce M. Pederson of Birch Bay Family Medicine which is associated with Lynden Family Medicine is a very knowledgable and caring doctor.  	 3/19/08	5	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	-1	Dr.Pederson never seemed to know anything always left office more confused of situation then when I arrived. Issues were not addressed properly and my concerns were ignored. My health only got worse and I was forced to find another family Dr. 		2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	He's nice when a parent is around. Kind of a jerk when they're not.  	5	2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	0	Kind of arrogant and does not listen. I am looking for a new doctor.  	3	3	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	completely happy to spend the time necessary to ensure all needs were met.  Very friendly, patient, easy to speak with, and relate to.  My physicial since 2006, I am proud to call &quot;Jamie&quot; my doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	-1	Dr.  Park acted like he was taking too much Ritalin--along with his poor medical knowledge, I will not be going back to see him again 	3	3	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	0	Dr Park acted as though it was a burden when I would see him once a year for possible strep throat. How hard is it to swab a throat and send it off&#63; Plus seemed very uncomfortalbe with my first visit which happen to be a yearly exam. Short and inpersonal. Haven't been to the doctor in 2 years because I don't feel like he cares. Online looking for a new doctor to say the least.  Althouh, he was nice to my son, and appears to me as though he prefers working with children 	4	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unicare
18	1	Dr. Park is a very attentive Dr. He will refer when needed and goes out of his way to spend the time he needs in order to help you. His nurse is also a great part of his team. Been seeing him for several years.  	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	EXCELLENT AVAILABILITY OF APPOINTMENTS, knowledgeable, personable, uses evidence based medicine.  Efficient in use of my resources as I am on a high deductible, consumer directed health plan 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
19	1	Fantastic doctor, one of the very best. (I say this as someone who trains MD/PhDs.) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Wonderful caring physician, wish there were more like him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	GREAT DOC. BE WAS AWESOME. HE LISTEN AND WAS VERY COMPASSIONATE 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Very patient, thorough, and knowledgeable 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	Worst Doctor ever!! no professionalism. Was late by an hour but sent no email or call to let me know that. I went there waiting 30 minutes and then asked the staff who said she was running an hour late.  Please avoid her! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
22	-1	Incredibly rude and abrasive, especially since he works with children and concerned parents. I was amazed with how Dr.Paravecchio was unwilling to listen to me and didn't follow his staff's instructions either. He also was asking the children to put their hands in his pockets for prizes, which I found highly inappropriate. Ask to use a different anesthesiologist! 	2	5	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Dr. Peterson has been my family's G.P. for years at the Northgate Polyclinic. He has an excellent bedside manner and excellent staff (one person). My family's health ranges from special needs to healthy. He sees our newborns, foster children when we fostered, and my wife and I.  He is very personable, provides explanations, advice, and opinions.  He follows our health, follows up with hospitalizations, injuries, and procedures. From the other reviews it appears that he is not a doctor for those seeking prescriptions. This is true as he does not like to overmedicate (as modern as you can get) but will definitely prescribe you medication when necessary, as well as recommendations for PT and specialists for conditions or injuries. He provides checkups, vaccinations, minor in-office procedures, growth charts for our children, and will visit a hospital if needed. We've been through it all with him and I highly recommend him to anyone seeking a long-term family doctor. He cares.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Treats the whole family and we love him! Age birth to 30 active family that we are demands a lot from a physician and Dr. Peterson rises to the occasion each time! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	Seemed very personable, but was not helpful to me and seemed very unfamiliar with current diabetes treatment (i.e. the last 20 years). When Dr. Peterson refused to consult a specialist for advice, I knew it was time to go elsewhere. I ended up having to travel 3000 miles to get a new prescription for a routine, life-sustaining medication. 	5	5	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	Didn't have much luck with this doctor as he seems to like to ascribe symptoms to idiopathic syndromes and is resistant to further investigation should the illness not be an easy diagnosis.  He seems to want to treat symptoms only and not get to the root cause of illness.  Seems to have a inordinate amount of belief in the placebo effect and won't continue medication even if you get better since he believes its due to the placebo effect and not the medication itself.  	4	3	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
24	-1	his dirty needle cost me a trip the the emergency room.  A month later, the crown he charged me 1,400 dollars for, fell out. 	4	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Dr Perez is an extremely caring and easy to talk to Doctor..shes the greatest!!! 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Dr. Patulot is a competent and reliable doctor. I'm happy with the service. Thanks. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	Not effective 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Dr. Palmer it one of the best doctors I have ever dealt with. She is kind, caring, and very knowledgeable. And she LISTENS! She truly helped me with my Reflex Sympathetic Dystrophy.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	I've been a patient off and on for 10 years.  Haven't presented him with much challenges, but it's always been a great experience.  he seems fast, sharp, responsible.  my major complaint is that the office doesn't have email... that turns the simplest communication, like sending lab results or vaccination records back and forth, a pretty major hassle.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	I've been a patient for over 5 years.  I have never had a bad experience, never thought that he was anything but an fantastic doctor, and never felt that he didn't know what he was talking about.  He has a great manner, knows when to bring in other doctors, is prompt with his appointments, and has no issues ensuring you get an appointment in a timely manner when there is an urgent need.  Highly recommended.  	 3/19/09	3	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
28	1	Everytime I've been to Dr. Pepin, I've found him extremely helpful, and has diagnosed what is going on. I received a referral from him that I didn't care for, but other than that, I'd highly recommend him! 	3	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	Ignores or overlooks causes of symptoms; rarely will place his own hands on patient.  Listens to concerns but seems to discount that information.  	5	4	2	2 	Insurance:Secure Horizons
28	1	Dr. Pepin has always been friendly and professional.  He has taken all of the time I need to answer questions and concerns.  He has always followed up as promised and made excellent referals as necesary.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	Bright, friendly & knowledgeable, Dr. Pepin is everything you want in a PCP. 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	. I have always hated my yellow teeth and have spent a small fortune on Crest white strips but the Federal Way Sunrise office made me FREE custom whiting trays, so now I have whiter whiter teeth for FREE! 	5	3	4	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
30	1	Have been with Dr. Peterson since I came to Seattle in 1979 & can very Highly Recommend him. He is extremely knowledgeable, knows what he is doing, explains to you in words that you understand & encourages you to ask questions. Most honest & sincere in all he does. Have brought 3 kind & myself to him. Refered to him when coming from Anchorage with a 14 year old son whom had been in a very bad motorcycle accident. Have recommeneded him to many other people.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
31	-1	Knows nothing about fibromyalgia or thyroid hormone resistance.  Does not listen to the patient.  Prefers to use old pharmaceutical company propaganda instead of newer science based protocols. Does not believe in the importance of vitamins.  Pays more attention to ink blots on paper then to the patients concerns.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
31	-1	Although Dr Palermo has a nice personality,he doesn't spend enough time with his patients. It is really hard to get an appointment with him in the afternoon. I've going to him for over 5 years and I've just wasted my time. His front desk staff are unprofessional and rude.  	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	Dr Joseph Palermo and his staff are very knowledgeable and efficient. ARNP Susan Stone and Melinda Kloefer are supportive and very understanding of my wife's situation with Multiple Scherosis.  We highly recommend this doctor and Fifth Avenue Internal Medicine in Seattle.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
31	1	He takes care of my diabetes and lungs, and can also manipulate my back! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	went to see her knowing i must be pregnant. she told me it was much more likely a urinary tract infection since there was no way i could detect i was pregnant so soon. she tested my urine and sent me home. a few days later an at home pregnancy test confirmed i was pregnant! I delivered a health baby boy 9 months later. 	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	I was referred to Dr. Partoll by another Dr. and I fully expected to consult with her not a PA.  I was given, what I felt was an incomplete exam and then referred for a colonoscopy. That was fine but had nothing to do with the reason I had been referred to her for.  Did not go back.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	Dr. Partoll was my ob-gyn 10 years ago and was extremely knowledgeable, great bedside manner and diagnosed endometriosis which finally explained a lot of what I was going through.  She is one of my favorite doctors still.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	-1	Regarding Dr. Linda Partoll:  I referred to Dr. Partoll by Dr. Hopkins for vaginal reconstructive surgery.  I have scar tissue from surgery and a big tear into the vaginal wall.  I hand delivered my paperwork to the front desk.  The receptionist was pleasant, but told me that doctors don't like to fix the mistakes of other doctors'.  Two weeks have passed since I was at the front desk and no one has contacted me.  Based on the reviews that I have read on ratemds.com - I think that I will start my search over again for a different Uro-Gynecologist.  Is she really the only Uro-Gyne withing 100 miles&#63;  Can someone give me a recommendation to another Uro-Gyne&#63; 	 11/4/09	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	Dr. Partoll is a cruel woman. She treated my wife like dirt in front of me. No telling how ignorant she was to her when I was not in the room. I thought that a female doc would understand the problems of a woman and have a greater compassion and caring for them than a male doc would. She is often late, way late like an hour, when she talks to you, she is condescending. She is a mean and hateful person, I would not refer anyone to her. For those of you out there with serious problems look up Dr. Miklos in Georgia. We went to see him, insurance covered the surgery. He took over 2 hrs wife my wife and I in exam and consult. This doc is wonderful.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
32	-1	[History: My daughter(13) had been sick with an unknown illness for months that eventually led to a week hospital stay.] During this scary time and process, we were referred to Partoll and made an appointment. When the appointment finally came, we waited over 1 1/2 hrs past our appointment time, another 1/2 hr or more in the exam room ONLY for her to come in, talk for 3-5 mintues and send us on our way. NOTHING was dealt with, looked at, tested, treated.  3-4 months after this useless appointment is when she ended up in the hospital for the same illness. Could it have been avoided&#63; I will never refer this doctor to anyone I know. 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	I have been in pain for over a year nor did her surgery work. I am in worse condition after the surgery than before. Her staff is not the problem.Ater surgery,she sent me to the surgical floor with out an order for pain. I suffered in pain during the six week post op time.She now tells her staff to tell me to go to my PCP for the pain;I lay on my side everyday after work 2 to 3 hours to get out of pain (nearly one year later).I am payng thousands of dollars and have to find another doctor for the same problem.I want to know when someone is going to make doctors accountable for what they do or not do. I am very disappointed and sad about this bad experience;I wouldn't recommend her to anyone.I did a search on her and I wish I would of came across this rating site.I think she knows how much she hurts people and is unwilling to do anything about it. Passing the buck is easier.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Lumenos
32	-1	I'll let quotes from Dr. Partoll speak for themselvees: When I asked for my husband to try to speak on my behalf, she told him:&quot;I don't have time to talk to you. I've already wasted enough time on your wife.&quot; (I, myself, had waited naked on an exam table for her for 20 minutes before she even came in the room. I was supposed to be scheduled for surgery and she gave me about 15 minutes of her time--if THAT) When I tried to get her to listen to the physical problems that I had suffered from for 2 years that I needed surgery for (3 other doctors had said I needed the surgery, but it wasn't in their expertise, so they'd sent me to her) and I expressed my frustrations at having to endure 4 doctor's pelvic exams (I have painful internal scar tissue) She told me: &quot;I've had 8 other patients in my office this morning and none of THEM were crying.&quot; Nice, huh&#63; She's the ONLY Uro/Gyn within 100 miles of here so I guess she feels she's in power... 	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	First off: I waited an HOUR to see her. She was running 20 minutes late on top of that! After the nurse took an additional 10 minutes entering in my information, the doctor came in 5 MORE minutes after that and talked to me for just 8! She then told me it was silly for my to be there and he wot help me and that I needed to see a psychiatrist if I want medication.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
34	1	brett was very kind and helped me out right away. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Great doctor, took time to listen to my problem.  I felt at ease discussing issues with him.   Highly recommend! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
35	-1	You must be in alot of pain,,,  he gets to the nerves,,  then sends you home with instructions to record your pain..  He gives no pain medication.  Won't answer phone call..  Ignores patients in pain after procedures.  I find that the complete three appointments accomplished nothing but more misery.  Worst decision I made was to go there for help.  He wouldn't even come to the phone or prescribe medication for pain.   His nurse practioner prescribed pain meds that I was allergic to and she knew it and said &quot;You'll be alright&quot;..  That was at second appointment for assessment.  It takes over a month to get your first appointment,.  If your not in alot of pain you can't go to second procedure.  Then you wait another three weeks for another apt...  Then another two weeks for Nerve test..  and no pain relief.  Good Luck to anyone who would place their trust in him..  Its just not worth it.  	4	4	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	-1	This doctor was very rude and made me feel like I was worth nothing.  I left her office wanting to kill myself.  	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
37	1	I was satisfied w/my visit.  	3	3	4	4 	Insurance:Coventry
38	1	I have tried to see many other doctors in the past and even when I feel like not waiting the 2 to 3 hours to see Patterson. I have been misdiagnosed every time and still end up needing to see Dr Patterson in the end. He is a wonderful doctor who I hope stays around for a very long time. He is one of the few doctors who listens and actually works to pin point what the problem is. I have had the worst luck with other doctors in that office. Two misdiagnosed me so bad on 3 different occasions which sent me to the ER.  Dr Patterson is the only Dr I see now, ever! 	3	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	0	Having been with the AFM group since my childhood (40+yrs), I have had the opportunity to see Dr. Patterson on various occasions. Recently, I had to call the after hours number in the middle of the night, as I was suddenly very ill with a common infection. Having tried to wait it out until morning, I finally had to call due to increased pain and bleeding. This was not something that would warrant an ER visit, only the need for a prescription to be called in to one of the 24 hr local pharmacies. After calling the dispatch number twice, Dr Patterson finally called, obviously angry (not yet knowing why I'd called). Complaining that he would not be able to go back to sleep, demanding that I look up the pharmacy number so he didn't have to get out of bed, and extremely demeaning and rude. I am not a person who even goes to the dr. often and was appalled by his behaviour. Maybe it is time for Dr. Patterson to retire&#63;&#63; Or at least be taken off of the on-call list with his associates.  	3	1	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	For myself, Dr. Patterson sets the standard by which other family physicians may be measured.  In 1971, he returned to the U.S., following his graduation at U.B.C. and initial practice in North Vancouver.  After some years of dissatisfaction with other physicians, I found myself going to see him in Bellingham for my care.  Even though his services are not covered by my B.C. Medical, I'd incur the cost, any day.  Brian practices medicine as it should be practiced, without cutting corners, and with full and complete followup.  He is an excellent diagnostician.  He was one of those few who continued to do house calls long after many had ceased doing so during the 1970s, exhibiting much compassion.  I've been told that he had won the National Boards (in Canada).  The Bellingham, WA community is indeed fortunate to have him. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Awesome doctor with wonderful PA (physician assistant), Marge.  Marge specializes in women's medicine and is a Godsend.  My whole family sees her.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
39	1	Experienced and helpful. Would recommend anytime. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Dr. Patron is the most thorough Chiropractor I have ever been to.  He is extremely knowledgeable and his adjustments are very effective, yet he has a gentle touch.  His staff is friendly &amp; helpful, and the clinic is nice inside.  I have referred several friends to Dr. Patron and would not hesitate to recommend him to anyone else.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	-1	I have been treated for anxiety since I was 17.  I switched to Dr. Buckley almost 4 years ago.  I have only seen her in regards to refilling my anxiety medication twice, since I do not want or need to take them daily.  The last time was 14 months ago and the PX she gave me was for 20 pills.. when I went in to see her last week, since I was almost out, she told me that she does not believe anxiety should be handled with medication and advised I see a therapist, then told me to find a new dr.  Sounds like her personal opinion is interfering with my medical needs and care.  Considering she has never even bothered asking what causes it, referring me to a therapist was insulting. 	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	I felt very relaxed and at ease with Dr. Buckley.  Even her medical assistant was very friendly and helpful.  I was not pleased with the doctor that I left to start seeing Dr. Buckley.  He did not listen to my concerns.  Dr. Buckley listened to my concerns, and addressed them.  I am naturally nervous at doctor appointments.  I did not feel this way at all.  She and her assistant put me at ease almost immediately.  I am sticking with Dr.  Peterson-Buckley! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	Dr. Palacios is one of the best I've been to.  In the past I've had not so pleasant experiences, but her chairside manner is calming as she explains each procedure.Her work is EXCELLENT and thorough: matching the teeth color,and considering previous dental work.Takes care of patients comfort. Used Uniform Medical Insurance 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	He was extremely caring and willing to just sit and listen. I had knee replacement and I fell once and he got me right in and took xrays and reassured me everything looked ok. He has alot of patience. I wouldn't go to anyone else again when it comes to my joint issues. A+++++++ 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	He did surgery on my ankle and made an error; I lost all feeling in ankle. I called him back into my hospital room to tell him this and he just said that the bandages were too tight. He was in too much hurry to do another operation to pay attention to my problem. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	Made my leg worse. never go to partlow 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	This is a wonderful and personable doctor. She is very easy to talk with--very helpful, very knowledgeable. She truly has a bedside manner and really put me at ease. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	I LOVE Dr. Parrish. My ENTIRE family is seen by here. I would NEVER see anyone else.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
45	1	very good doc. she listens and understands what you need. she dosent brush you off like other doc's.  i would suggest going to her if you can 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	I used this doctor for my kids checkup and imunitations. He is a great doctor and the kids love him.  	3	3	4	4 	Insurance:Molina
47	-1	extremely unhelpful would not explain anything. While the visit was due to a &quot;Swine flu&quot; scare did not inquire re: symptoms or other medical issues, which were present at the time. No physical examination. 10 yr. old thought Dr.  was &quot;a jerk&quot; 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	-1	The office staff are rude, they are unorganized and never call you back. On several occasions we have called to talk to a nurse and either never got a call back or on the rare case that we did it was 2 days later. Also the staff do not know how to complete referrals so good luck getting anywhere even if you do manage to get the Dr to give you one. As a parent when you ask a serious question about your child welfare you would expect to be taken seriously but the Dr exhibits an attitude like you should know this what are you stupid&#63; And any issue that comes up is just normal they will grow out of it. Perhaps that fact that my child experienced multiple A.L.T.E. and the Dr just shrugged it off made me loose faith in him. I contacted a specialist myself and found that my child did have problems that should have been addressed immediately and Dr Pattillo couldn't seem to care less.        Remember there is no substitute for a mothers intuition.      We are currently seeking a new ped. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
47	0	My children were referred to him when their previous pediatrician moved out of state. At one time, my son was in need to see a Urologist. In my area you need to have a recommendation by the pediatrician to see an urologist. His former doctor didn't make the recommendation and said to wait until his testicles descended and if it didn't by the time he was three then a recommendation would be made. She left the state when he was two and a half and we went with Pattillo. Well, suffice it to say, we saw him several times and asked for that recommendation. The final time we saw him he promised to make that recommendation but never did.  My son is nearly six and his testicles have yet to descend from his body and we are unable to have him see a specialist because his doctor refuses to make that recommendation! 		1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	Have been to see him for many years.  My son and husband have both been to see him too.  He is always kind and takes lots of time to answer all of your questions and concerns.  I would recommend him. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	-1	Not willing to listen. Did not read information in chart that would have prevented a serious illness. Due to this I wound up hospitalized. 		4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	. great guy 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	I originally had the choice of 4 doctors to choose from. For no apparent reason, I chose Dr. Petkov.  I didn't live near by but found myself in that part of New Jersey quite often because of my job. After meeting with Dr. Petkov I was very impressed with how professional he was. He's been treating me for a month now. He is a very knowledgeable doctor and I would recommend him to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
50	1	Dr. Parsons is probably one of the best doctors in the Whitman County area. I would recommend him to anyone. He's very good at what he does and he actually takes the time to really find out what the problem is. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	-1	She really needs to work on her bedside manner--she's been kind of short with me, and actually rude. She was my doctor for three years, but I'm going to be making a switch.  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
51	1	Dr. Petcoff came highly recommended.  I think she is a good doctor but needs to work on her bedside manner and her billing practices.  I was charged for two office visits because I asked her a question about a surgical option while I was visiting for an annual exam.  I was waiting in the waiting room for quite a while, also.  	3	2	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	L. Dana Petersen of Lynden Family Medicine is an excellent family doctor with a good staff covering Whatcom County, Washington.  	 3/19/08	5	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	Won't release medical records in a timely fashion.  Going on 3 months and still can't get them. 	1	4	4	3 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Great doctor.  Took the time to answer questions, genuinely interested in patient concerns.  Actually returned phone call personally.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
55	1	Best orthopedic Physician, I have ever had. I had several bad surgeries by 2 different podiatrist, who totally messed up up both of my feet, but Dr Brian Padrta repaired the damage completely.  I have a normal gait now, and no pain thanks to him.  A big Thank You to Dr Padrta.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
55	0	 	2	4	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Dr Cindy is the very best dentists we have gone to visit and I have been a patient of hers for several years.  I enjoy the pleasant atmosphere, the nice staff and the complimentary soft drinks in the comfortable reception area.  She always explains ahead of time what work she is going to do and what to expect.  My favorite hyginest is Teresa who is very gentle.  Overall this is a very good dental experience.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
56	1	DR CINDY DID 8 PORCELINE CROWNS ON ME IN 1998.  THEY ARE STILL LOOKING GREAT AND I GET SOME NICE COMMENTS ON HOW MY SMILE LOOKS.  AT THE TIME THEY WERE DONE, DR CINDY EXPLAINED THE ENTIRE PROCEDURE IN DETAIL TO ME AND TOLD ME THAT THE CROWNS WOULD BE GUARANTEED FOR 5 YEARS, WHICH I THOUGHT WAS GREAT.  I HAD YELLOWISH TEETH WITH TETRACYCLINE STAINS BUT NOW THEY LOOK GREAT.  SHE IS VERY GENTLE AND IS A VERY WARM AND CHARMING PERSON THAT ALWAYS ASKED ABOUT MY FAMILY AND HOBBIES AND OTHER THINGS.  HER OFFICE IS VERY RELAXING AND HAS A REALLY PLEASANT OVERALL FEELING.  HER STAFF IS ALL VERY NICE ALSO.   I RECOMMEND HER HIGHLY TO ANYONE WANTING ANY CHANGES IN THEIR SMILE. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Excellent Staff that is very friendly and all have beautiful smiles.  The appointments are always on time, and if you fill in as a last minute appointment for someone else they give you a gift. All of the staff and dentists are very helpful and explain everything in detail.  The dentist is very knowledgable and has won several awards for her dentistry. I love her personality and sense of humor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	Dr. Pearson is a kind, compassionate, and knowlegeable doctor.  She listens to you BEFORE she gives you her medicale diagnosis. What I like best about her is that she doesn't give you that &quot;why are you here&quot; face when you go in for a yearly physical/checkup.  In fact, it is through my yearly physical that she discovered I had a major medical problem (I'm young, healthy, and had no signs or symptoms). She ordered a series of tests and scans and even called all the providers to get me in that same day. I was impressed she didn't just hand this duty off to a nurse.  She recommended good surgeons and made sure I had the best medical care.  I'm okay now and it's all because Dr. Pearson knowledge and attitude toward physicals/yearly checkups.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	He is very knowledgable and caring.  He helped out alot.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	-1	This dr is not one you want for your primary care! She does not listen, she does not invlue YOU, the patient in the treatment plan! She is not caring or compassionate! I do not reccommend her! 	5	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	This Dr. is heaven sent. I am telling everyone I know about this man. I am middle age and have never gotten a doctor that is the whole package deal. Caring, thoughtful, concerned..including his staff! He has gone over his appointment time with me more than once. &quot;In other words I believe he gets so involved in your problems, because he is that concerned.&quot; He has called me in the evenings, after one of my appointments, telling me he has gone over my chart and recommends this or that. He was-is actually my husbands dr. and I have since switched to him myself. He is a very concerned and caring doctor and both my husband and I would highly recommend him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	My experience with Dr. Pearce was excellent.  He runs a very efficient practice and is extremely caring.  He listens and spends as much time as needed to diagnose and treat. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	The best physician I have had the experience of seeing. He is professional, caring, and is very smart. He is one of the few doctors who really listens and follows through. I just cant say enough about this exceptional physician. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	-1	This doctor berated me for asking a simple question about 3D ultrasound. She accused me of wanting it for &quot;enetrtainment&quot; purposes when we had a legitimet medical question which we were never able to ask. She was truly unprofessional and hostile towards me and did not answer my question. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	Amazing dentist! Made us feel like we were the only people in the office.  Takes time to know us. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	I've been with Dr. Page for 15 years. She listens to me and will find out information when I ask. Everyone I've recommended to her loves her.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
65	1	. very caring and helpful 		5	5	4 	Insurance:Aetna
66	-1	He was fairly quick, when I seen him in the ER at Stevens Hospital. However, I went in for an allergic reaction to a medication. He started by go on and on about how I needed to work on my Diabetes Management, I've had Diabetes 12 Yrs, I didn't need any lessons. I was there for an ALLERGIC REACTION!  He spoke about that for about 10 mins then asked to see my tongue, said it wasn't swollen therefore,there was no allergic reaction, and that &quot;it is all in my head&quot;, and then advised me to CONTINUE the medication.  I felt as if I was trying to breathe though a straw, I was having pain EVERYWHERE, my tongue and lips were numb and tingling along with mood changes and itching that I was having, I also had Migranes.  None of this counted as an &quot;allergic reaction&quot; however on the paper work he sent me home with, it stated that if I had any Numbness, trouble breathing, itching, soreness, or tingling in the hands or feet, to come back to the ER. He and this ER visit was a complete waste of time.  	3	5	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Dr. Perry is awesome!She did surgery on my husband's foot and he's as good as new! We LOVE her! Thanks Dr. Stacey 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Dr Perry is awesome. She is friendly, caring, and of course very knowledgeable. Overall, a great Doctor. Her nurse Nikki as well is friendly and caring. I will be referring her other friends. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	Dr Pan is incredibly knowledgeable disregard prior review, although his office is unassuming do not be fooled, he is very skilled at his trade.  Very kind and genuinely cares. HIGHLY RECOMMEND.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	0	This doctor is very weird he doesn't talk to you.  HIs facilites is nasty and I think that he is unsanitary and does not santitize his tools.  I will never go back to him as a matter of fact I will be following up with the health department on him. this is unsafe for anyone. Please do not go to this dentist.  	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
71	1	Great Doc. Knowledgeable and attentive. He Listens to his patients concerns and issues, after all, the patient is the one with the ailment. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Great doc..Very caring, and thorough.  Like to see more docs like this.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:UPMC
71	1	Very good doctor who really cares about his patients. Highly recommended.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
72	1	Excelant and knowledgable cardiologist and very personable with wonderful patient relationship.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
73	1	If you are old enough to remember the small town Doctor, the guy who made house calls&#63;  Well, that's what I thought the first time i met Chris.  He is not on a time schedule, and is truly concerned about your health. Rare combination, great guy and a great doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	I have seeing Dr. Penoyar for 15 years.  He is patient, helpful and has a great sense of humor.  He is a real person and is about as far as possible from the &quot;God mentality&quot; that afflicts so many doctors.  His demeanor makes you feel very comfortable and that he is genuinely interested in helping you.  His nurse, Sue, is also great.  His wife handles the insurance and overall office administration.  It's a very friendly office and I would recommend him to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
74	1	Extremely knowledgable. He was able to accurately diagnose me within minutes and I would reccomend him to anyone. Dr. Perry was my OBGYN for my first pregnancy and I chose him after I was 6 months pregnant. My first obgyn was associated physicians for women APW. They herded women in like cattle and I never saw a doctor always nurses although they led me to beleive they were doctors. Dr. Perry was great.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	Love this place! Would recommend them to anyone!  They are very caring and knowledgeable! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	-1	I was referred to Dr. Gordan who was retiring therefore I was given to the man purchasing his practice Dr. Jason Pehling.  He misdiagnosed me as a locker when in fact my jaw was catching and clicking from bit misalignment and clenching.  He made a splint so thick it degenerated my jaw joints rapidly within 24 months. Since I was a clencher, he should have made me a thin splint.  He also did not take into consideration the current stress in my life.  Every other professor doctor I have talked to would never start with a 10mm thick splint. Now I am damaged for life and there is nothing I can do about it since the TMJ is such a hard thing to deal with.  Some thing work and some things don't.  Definitely get a second opinion before you let his guy do anything and never let him start with a thick splint.  He and his staff are very arrogant.  He is supposed to be one of the best in our area and I would beg differ. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	Dr. Pehling is a wonderful dentist, but he needs to consider the treatment his staff gives to patients. I have been seen in the office twice and I will never go back. Debra, the office manager is incredibly rude and has, in my experience, a sense of entitlement that is offensive. Good luck to Dr. Pehling, the overall rating alludes to the experience by that staff as less than satisfactory.  	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
76	1	He is a fine doctor with a reputation of extinct character.  He reflects what all doctors should wish for as he tries to place the patient first at all times and has been rated by top dentist twice recently.  The staff is outstanding and what reflects what TMJ patients should reflect.  THANK YOU DR. PEHLING 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	Dr. Page is the best. There really is no one better! He is a leading electrophysiologist and cardiologist. He is pure genius and has authored and published MANY articles on heart conditions. He has a way of making people feel better about themselves and their conditions, without lying to you or sugar-coating the truth. He is non-judgemental and appreciates all people... regardless of their weight, age, sex, culture, etc... His clinic is always busy and you better keep your appointments though.. it is sometimes tough to be seen when you want, but once you get an appointment.. KEEP IT! His front desk staff is HIGHLY organized and professional, yet they could be a little more empathetic and personable. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Our family has been with him for about 15 years...what can I say...personal, caring, always there for us.  He has taken great care of our children. I will never go anywhere else. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Not only is he always cheerful and obviously  loves his job and the kids he treats, he is by far one of the most intelligent people I have ever met, and that includes the professors at the colleges I attended.  He is thorough, patient and I credit him with saving the life of my youngest child.  He actually listens to the parents and doesn't blow off their even tiniest concerns.  He even called me from his own home to check on my baby when she was sick.  He speaks to me with words that I, a non-Latin-speaking everyday person who didn't go to med school can understand, but also doesn't talk down to me, nor my children.  He was a foster parent as well as a Mary Bridge oncall doc and I dread the day he retires!  I recommend him to everyone and trust him with the lives of all 4 of my kids 100%.   You won't find a better pediatrition anywhere!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
78	1	Spends as much time as needed with patients and parents. Asks lots of questions and encourages you to ask questions. My twins like him and run to hug him at every appt. His staff have been with him a very long time and I think that says something about him not only as a doctor but as a person. He is straight forward in his approach and I appreciate that.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	1	dr. parisot is extremely thorough.  i was very impressed with his grasp of my lengthy and complex medical history.  40 minutes was scheduled for my appointment, but he spent 75 minutes with me. he did NOT seem rushed.  he is a listener, which is so rare these days.  he is my new primary doctor, after 4 other tries (and unpleasant experiences) in the past few years.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
80	1	Knowledgable and caring. He has helped me with cervical and lumbar back problems. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	Very helpful.  Diabetes under good control 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	had arm and shoulder pain and numbnesss.  needed c-5 and c-6 disk and bone spurs removed and replaced with a donor bone.  After the surgery I noticed the pain in my arm was completely gone.  The surgery made me sore, mostly muscle tightness, that lasted a couple weeks.  It is now 4 weeks later and I feel great.  Still need to take it easy, avoid heavy lifting and jarring activies but Dr. Pearce did a great job! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	-1	Wow, this was a crazy experience. I was sent to this doctor due to arm pain. (Bone growth in my neck causing arm pain-herniated disc too but that was not the cause of the pain.) It was recommended that I have a fusion surgery along with a plastic 'absorbable' plate to hold the fusion together until the bone fused.  I was told that the plate would absorb in 6-8 weeks.  LIES.  After terrible complications - a deviated esophagus, requirement to stay on a liquid diet, severe weight loss, a second and third surgery, constant throat pain, voice changes, etc, I found out the plate takes YEARS to disolve. These were not the risks I was told about! The plate 'bent' after another vertebre cracked during surgery and I have yet to recover. Be careful when considering SPINE SURGERY! If he had even apologized or offered to help...  Instead, in his office notes he states &quot;XXXX returns AGAIN&quot; I ultimatly had to find a new doctor. 	 1/31/10	2	3	1	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	0	Took two appt's to get seen with special equipment, as her staff kept scheduling me wrong, and giving me the wrong prep. I finally was able to have the surgery 4 months later, after she canceled on me once more. Then during the post-op appt, she barely examined me and told me to come back again. She canceled that appt, and said that my primary care doctor would be sufficient to 'look' after me. Not very skilled in bedside manner, and lacking in information. I wanted to see someone else, but her field is so specialized that I wasn't able to find anyone else. Her staff also broke HIPPA rules by talking about other patients when they called to tell me 30min before my appt, that they were canceling my appt, and I could just see one of the ARNP's in a couple of weeks. This doctor cost me over a week worth of vacation time trying to work around her schedule. I had issues post surgery but she never checked on me. Even brushed me off when I told her about it later, like oh well.  	2	1	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	Under the care of D. Paley I felt looked-after and like I was recieving quality treatment. The staff was also very friendly and understanding. I trust Dr. Paley with my life, and anyone with ovarian cancer should too. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	Dr. Paley is one of the most amazing people out there, I would reccomend her to anyone of my friends or family personally.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Banner Health
84	-1	I found out I was BRCA2 +. I was 53 and was concerned about my ovarian cancer risk. I went to Dr. Paley because of her credentials in Hereditary Breast and Ovarian cancer. I came to her expecting to remove my ovaries and tubes. However, she recommended I have a full hysterectomy because of &quot;residual fallopian tube tissue&quot; which would leave about a 10% remaining risk of ovarian cancer. I consented to a total hysterectomy. I asked if I could keep my cervix and she abruptly said NO....My staff and I call it the Clean sweep, we take out everything...It did not feel right but I was scared and mentally weak (I had just been diagnosed with Breast Cancer). I later found out the risk from residual fallopian tube tissue is NEGLIGIBLE....I now have painful sex and I hope it gets better, but the sad thing is, I gained nothing and lost alot. I would approach Dr. Pam Paley with extreme caution. Do Not let her talk you into a total hysterectomy for BRCA risk reduction. 	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	Dr Paley and her staff were awesome. I highly recommend her!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	-1	I went to this doctor 6 different times over the period of 2 months.  I took multiple tests and she was unable to come up with a solution to treat all of my symptoms.  She was very disrespectful and tried to downplay the amount of pain I was in.  I've had cancer four times so I really don't exaggerate when there is a problem.  I am now searching for a new doctor to try to help me.  I still have unresolved issues. 	4	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	Best body plastic surgeon! So professional, and relate able. Easy to talk to and trust. I would recommend him to anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	-1	She treats my daughter and has created a fractured family.  My minor daughter no longer speaks to me or her sister, calling us socialpaths and psychopaths.  I have statements that Ms. Paulsen has destroyed our family and has no interest in reintegrating it.  I believe that she has implanted false memories to support her books on DID and does not care about the mental state of her patients at all. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
87	0	She has been my primary care doctor for over 2 years and she still doesn't recognize my face or my name. I have back problems that are documented and she refuses to give me anything for it even though I have been prescribed muscle relaxants in the past for when I throw it out. She doesn't take the time to understand whats going on and she doesn't seem to care about anything besides getting you out the door while doing as little as possible.  	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
87	0	Felt rushed, more time looking at laptop than examining me.  I had a list of items to go over, explained this when I made the appointment as it had been several years since I had seen a doctor.  No follow up on diagnosis, even though what she diagnosed is not what I went in for and ultimately insurance didn't cover her coding or diagnosis.  I requested a review of the billing, which was done by a &quot;specialist&quot; from the office, but I was never contacted to discuss the analysis.  Overall, disappointing, won't go back. 	4	4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Dr Peterson and his staff are down to Earth and are a very cool bunch. They have in house lab and X-ray. A podiatrist also comes out weekly. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	-1	I was a Pait. that was a BAd Sugery. No Ansewers For me. I lost most of the control in my leg, ( siatic nerve) From a sugery. I fired him as My Ortho doctor, Could no provied any answers what he did in my sugery to have my Siatic nerve, Broke,cut, Missing. No Answeres. So To this day I really dont know what happen.  many years have gone by from this sugery, I deal with Chroinc Pain everyday in my leg, witch leads to depression. 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	Jeff was our doctor in Lewiston.  We loved his knowledge and personality. He is prompt, thoughtful and helpful.  We were VERY sad when he left Lewiston, so now I am recommending him to my family in Spokane. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	-1	My Dr. of 23 years retired was replaced by Dr. Pedersen. My first impression of him was not a good one. First, he walked in without knocking on the door. I found this to be extremely rude. Not only that but he introduced himself as &quot;Jeff.&quot; I am more comfortable with doctors who like to be called by doctor. Finally, he told me and my parents that my doctor was forced out of the practice. This I know not to be true. Unfortunately, this means I will not be returning to the office that I have been receiving treatment from since I was two.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
91	1	Dr. Park was gentle, patient and assuring when I had fear over procedures. By far the best dentist in that regard I have experienced in the entirety of my lives dental care. He was informative and intently listened. I find Dr.Park to be very honest and upfront. The staff is great...Jeniffer is the only asst. I have worked with directly. She she is very personable, very courteous and very efficient in her work.  She personally plays a large key part in my overall positive thoughts about the office. Between the quality of care and the by far reasonable and competitive prices I have received thus far a cleaning, xrays,and 5 fillings, contouring and fast braces. To which I am amazed at the results. I am always helped within minutes of arriving and scheduling is always great. If I call with questions I am always helped in a timely manner. I travel well over an hour to visit my favorite office and am happy to do so...  Trista 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
92	-1	The worst experience I have ever had with a doctor! He was incredibly rude, arrogant and deliberately insulting. He let me know that he thought I was wasting his time, and asked, &quot;WHAT are you doing here&#63;&quot; (I had been referred by my doctor) But he had the gall to say &quot;It really doesn't matter to me - I'm getting paid regardless.&quot; His demeanor was cold, hateful and unprofessional, and he seemed to delight in insulting me. Avoid this guy!!! 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	Dr. Perala is a very good dentist, and he's extremely knowledgeable. I had a great experience when I needed several implants done. I would definitely recommended him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	-1	He comes off as a really great guy, but he work he did on me is less than shoddy.   If I could turn back the clock, he would of never worked on me.  The guy did implants in infected jaw bone, somehow he didn't notice when he put the implants in and he said it was &quot;easy, like cutting into butter&quot;. I have permanent trigeminal nerve damage in my jaw post his surgery, 10 surgeries later (from somewhere else much better but I had to travel) I still have osteomyelits that he most likely contributed to if not outright caused the acute osteomyelitis episode.  When I originally told him of my concerns of infection and was confirmed with medical imaging as osteomyelitis, he told me its just a fantasy&quot;. I should of sued at the time, but I was so ill for so long  from the infection I didn't have the energy or the money.  I have since heard folks in the dental profession call wendell dental the Mcdonalds of dentistry...fitting! my recomendation is run from this dentist and this office.  	5	1	3	1 	Insurance:Medicare
94	1	Dr. Pelton is a jewel.  From beginning to end, he treated me with respect, and explained every detail of my treatment.  Each visit found him lighthearted, making it a personal, comfortable and pleasant experience. I can't imagine having a better oncologist.  Whoever wrote the negative review must not have been seeing the same doctor I was. I would recommend him to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	Spent a lot of time explaining the procedure.  Knowledgeable and helpful 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
94	-1	.  	2	2	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	Had catastrophic injury to shoulder.  He performed surgery 8/2008.  It took 8-10 months to heal but it's great now...  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	This is one of the nicest doc's i've ever come across. Not only did he help me, he gave my money back because &quot;he didn't want to be part of the system that was screwing me&quot;. 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	Very good doctor his staff was great and I'm planning on doing an implant this July! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	Been seeing her for a few years. Knows what she's doing &amp; explains with great details so you understand. She also did my prenatal care.  Loves kids! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
98	1	Great bedside manner, explained things very well. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	-1	too much waiting time and the least time spent with doctor. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
99	-1	This doctor does not listen and is only interested in moving people thru the process. He gave me an endoscopy and didn't really even say hi before he knocked me out.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
100	1	Dr. Parrish is very thorough and takes his time with his patients. He is trustworthy; I have been his patient for 10 years. I even recommended him to my mother. Very pleased with his care. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
