dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Great Cancer Treatment.  Staff of five docs and excellent experience 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	Dr. John is a gifted diagnostician who really cares about his patients. I have never had a doctor spend so much time with me, listen so well and ask such in-depth questions before. He treats the root causes, not just the symptoms. I am so grateful I found him! 	 10/7/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Cancer treatment is excellent. Cutting edge integrative immunotherapy and vaccine development.  Excellent care! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
1	1	Dr. Catanzaro is phenomenal. He is an out-of-the-box thinker that TRULY cares about his patients. He is so unique in the way he spends so much time with his patients, and always gets to the root problem rather than treating just the symptoms of the health problem. He runs thorough tests, and spends a lot of time with his patients explaining the results. His practice is one of a kind.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
2	1	great people and place.  giving the highest possible rating for Dr Card 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	-1	Found her to not be compassionate whatsoever. I have a high risk pregnancy and she brushed off every concern i had as unimportant. She showed almost no emotion. I felt like i was part of a business transaction every time I had scheduled with her. My baby is at high risk for medical issues after birth due to meds I had to take. She did not act concerned or informed whatsoever. She refused to communicate with my previous drs from previous pregnancies about my history and condition. She is very young and has the attitude that she knows more than you do. I would not recomend her to other pregnant women as their dr. However, her MA Brittany is quite wonderful :) 	4	2	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	I called 5 times for a change in my prescription.  Had to call every time - never got a return call.  Not only would they not help me with a prescription, but they cancelled my existing prescription, leaving me severely anaemic and without birthcontrol.  I am making a formal complaint. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	No follow up, and an awkward visit. I would not suggest for someone who may have questions, or possible health issues. 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	Dr. Calvert does not get back to her patients promptly.  I am still waiting for her to call me about a prescription refill I requested last week.  It takes 3 to 4 phone calls to get a rx refill and there is no communication from her office in explanation of lack of refill called in.  To not be in communication about rx refill with someone who is trying a new SSRI with discontinuation side effects is irresponsible and poor patient care.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
4	1	This was the best eye examination I have ever received.  Dr. Campbell explained what he was doing and described the results as he went through a number of procedures.  Two of these procedures I had never had before. He was candid: mentioned the possibility of emerging macular degeneration, but not a certainty.  Mentioned onset of cataracts, but not likely to need surgery for a long time. Described cataract treatment in detail, but estimated I would not need it for years.  Dr. Campbell seemed to want to anticipate my questions, and to provide the answers as we went through the exam.  He made this exam an interesting and educational experience.  I score him highly for &quot;bedside manner. &quot; 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
4	-1	Ehh, the doctor was ok. It was a very expensive place for glasses. Went to a optical place in Ballard that had a great doctor and they were a little more reasonably price. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	great office, great doctor, great glasses to choose from. Dr Campbell and his staff are truley a hidden gem in seattle. A little pricey, but well worth it! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	I have seen him for 10+ years and still go to him (even though I live 20 mi away) – would highly recommend him.   He is great at explaining what is happening and works hard to find solutions to atypical vision problems.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
5	1	After a string of doctors, this Cawse-Lucas came through for me in a major way. I'm very, very lost now that she's moved on to teaching.  	3	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	-1	She was very dismissive of my symptoms both times I saw her and when she misdiagnosed me as there being nothing wrong with me, she refused to prescribe me antibiotics or see me for another visit.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
6	1	Wonderful Dr. Very kind and helpful.  	1	2	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
7	-1	Very disappointed. Went to the doctor for several reasons and she didn't help me with anything. 	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	• Uncommunicative:Failed to tell me findings of  her study of my heart.    • Egotistic: Refused to refer me to specialists, citing her credentials were sufficient.    • Unknowledgeable: Far from up-to-date on current info, meds, concerning the major condition I saw her for.     • Omitted valuable info in med records, Put made up info in med records &quot;to help me remember who you are&quot;.    • Would agree to refer me to therapuetic providers in emails, and medical records, then call me and reverse her decisions.     Her bull was so overwhelming for me during a very fragile period of time, I didn't even have the energy to try and start up with another doctor. Shame on her.  	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:GHI
8	-1	Poor, Dangerous. Doesn't ask what the issues are. Won't get off chair to look. Prefers to fill out paperwork during visit, (20 min worth on average). His negligence almost killed me. A real 007. Got myself a real Dr. after that. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	He is ok so far, he is much better than other doctors Ive dealt with. You do wait sometimes for him, but its only because he does take his time listening. Obviously, he is specialized in one thing so the only thing I can say is he kind of blew off a couple concerns I had but I just went to a specialist for those issues. But when I am sick or something Id go back. 	3	2	4	3 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Dr. Cates sincerely cares about his patients. He really listens to your concerns and I did not feel like the visit is rushed. He's easily the best primary care physician I've every had in all of my 55 years.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
8	1	Dr. Cates is wonderful.  Our whole family likes him (and that says a lot - my husband doesn't like many people).  He is very knowledgeable and great at explaining things.  Good suggestions for any health issue that comes up.  We highly recommend Dr.  Cates! 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
8	1	Dr. Cates has been there for me and has been the best Doctor for me. Very helpful and caring. Always takes time on visits to go over everything needed. 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	Lack of empathy and compassion. Quickly found another doctor and had successful surgery. 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
9	0	For once, I agree with the majority.  Arrogant, completely non-empathetic, would not fill out FMLA paperwork because I didn't have surgery scheduled yet.  I am so glad I found a different doctor. 	2	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	I found Dr. Carpenter to be very caring.  He is in a very specialized field.  By the time you get to him, you have probably been seen or should have been seen by at least one or more physicians that have determined you need a Specialist.  I had a major back surgery by him and there was a huge improvement immediately after the surgery.  I was up and walking the next day.  The difference in pain before and after the surgery was dramatic.  In short, Dr. Carpenter gave me my life back.  He may come off at first as a bit arrogant, but I think it is more &quot;confidence&quot; than arrogance.  And, he has every right to be confident.  He has gone through many years of schooling and instruction to get where he is today.   He knows his stuff well and I'm proof of it!!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
9	-1	Look up uncaring arrogant doctor and his picture would be there.  Recommended neck fusion with very little diagnosis and wasn't even what I was there for!  His problem is the same as the person that only has a hammer and everything starts to look like a nail.  This doctor simply does not care about the patient.  Only his ego and his pocketbook.  The staff at the reception desk was little better.  To all of them, you're just another person to send a bill to.   Disgusting! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	had no problems whatsoever, my condition improved greatly.  Did not find him to be arrogant, very sure of himself, yes, i would have expected no less with the delicate surgery.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	0	Extremely arrogant!  Spends very little time w/ patients.  His default remedy is fusion!  He is very knowledgeable, but a little too cocky. 	3	3	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
9	0	Really poor bedside manner. Jumps to back fusions too quickly. Does more full open back surgeries rather than minimally invasive techniques. He said, &quot;It takes too long&quot;. 	3	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	so uncaring. few in and outof the room in under 2 minutes. pushed surgery with no reasonable explainations. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	 	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	An absolute dream Dr.  She and her staff are the most understanding, efficient, skilled medical staff you would want to see.  I had complications after my breast cancer surgery due to the radiation and I was cared for like I was family.   Love her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	Dr. Calhoun is an amazing person with amazing staff.  She always is on time and once when she wasn't, her nurse came in and said that she was running about 10 minutes behind.  She comes highly recommended by other staff and has excellent bedside manner.  Dr. Calhoun as well as her nurse were extremely attentive and took me seriously when I thought I had symptoms of something serious.  Her nurse called me right back, paged the Dr. and got me scheduled immediately to see the Dr.  Dr. Calhoun also said to never feel embarrassed of any symptoms and to always check them out as it could be something - it was great to hear that from an extremely busy surgeon.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	very good doctor. Would recommend to others.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
13	1	I have had Dr. Cathcart for 11 years and must say she is amazing!! She listens and is always willing to let me ask any questions that I may have.  She has a great sense of humor and is very caring for her patients!! She treats them like they are her own family. I would recommend her to anyone who has any special problems/complications. She is incredibly  knowledgeable  and wont steer you wrong. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	I have had a few experiences with Dr Cathcart. Both times I have not been impressed with her. Her bedside manner is rough and rude. I was in the ER one day when I was about 3 months pregnant and she was not only rude to me but my family that was there supporting me. She never gave me an answer about what was wrong and got angry at me for asking questions and explaining my medical history. She told me the I was not the Dr and that she was the one with the medical experience. She did an exam on me and I have not had anything hurt so bad and have someone not even care. I was so unlucky as to have her as the dr on call when I went into labor with my daughter and the only time I have EVER been lucky in dealing with her is that someone else needed a C-Section ASAP and someone else delivered me. I hope I never have to see or deal with Dr. Cathcart again.  	5	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	-1	The worst people ever, if you want your kid to come last then by all mean pick her.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
13	1	I have had a few experiences with Dr. Cathcart as an independent birth professional. I have found her to be a very nice person. I would recommend her to anyone seeking a hospital birth who understands that limitations of OB care, if the Fine of Brasch were unavailable. For those who are looking for an experience in which constant attention can be paid to the mother, I would recommend using a doula for a planned hospital birth. It may also be helpful to consult with a midwife for care out of hospital, or prenatal care with a midwife and the birth with Dr. Fine or Brasch at the hospital (midwives usually attend as doulas in this situation.) Good resources are available at www.bloomspokane.com 	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	I love Dr. Cathcart. The only thing keeping her from a five star is the punctuality and I am not so sure how much of that she can literally control in a medical practice.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
13	1	She is VERY understanding.  Plus she is quite respectful of a person with invisible disabilities. She is simply an OUTSTANDING gynecologist and I believe that is God's calling for her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
13	1	Dr. Cathcart has delivered all 3 of kids by c-section and performed a hysterectomy on me in the last 10 years. I have had many complications, preeclamsia, hypertension, hernia,gall bladder disease, PPD etc. She has been very helpful in explaining everything and helping to keep my sanity when I needed her advice. I am lucky to have such an attentive doctor. 	3	3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Dr. Chan is my Cardiologist. I think she is a good doctor that understands my problems and I find her to be smart and helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	Dr. Cawthon is amazing &amp; saved my life.  Saw him for 12 years in edmonds. Today, have been seizure free for 10years and my life &amp; worries is 100% better thanks to him.  Have been to many different neurologists (that could not stop my seizures).  have had all different kinds of seizures, depending on the medications i was on.  Got to the point of having clusters of seizures every day that medicine could not control. Dr. Cawthon is a genius &amp; knows exactly what he is doing.  Excellent at pt care &amp; being there for his patients.  (gave him 5 stars for being on time, because if he runs late-will always make the time up. I would not be alive today if it wasn't for Dr. Cawthon's knowledge. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Dr. Cawthon is wonderful!  He is very thorough and while my appointments are never on time, I know that it is because he will spend as much time with you as neccesary and cover everything.  He does have a dry sense of humor which I really liked. I'm upset though that he is moving to Walla Walla and now I have to find another doctor.   Would definately recommend! 	3	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	What Dr. Cawthon did was save my life.  He was the first neurologist who knew what was going on with me.  I had simple partial seizures’ my whole life that later developed into grandmal seizures.   Dr. Cawthon was the only doctor who did not ignored my symptoms and took action by sending me to the epilepsy center. He referred me to the Epilepsy center and since than my life has changed forever. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	I am VERY DISAPPOINTED with this Dr.  My dad was with him since last May and everytime my mom would have a question, he would snap at her every time.My mom wanted some further tests done and he would just tell her that wouldn't be necessary. Later we found out my dad had a tumor. and today we got a call that he has stage 3 brain cancer.  This guy better be holding his breath that we don't sue him because we will if things dont come out right.  He's very mean, and he's not good with his patients.  All he wants to do is up medication.  My mom questioned him about that we needed like a second opinion and he told my mom that isn't necessary and he's been in this business for 20 years.  Well guess what...This guy shouldn't be a Dr.   Enough said! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Secure Horizons
15	1	Superior, excellent physician.  Very dry sense of humor.  I am a nurse and he is without doubt the best neurologist I have ever worked with.  He got me out of my back pain without ever using a narcotic. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	Is more thorough than some. (good, but it sometimes cuts into others' appointment times). Sometimes seems to need to serve the insurance companies needs above the patients needs. Specializes in Epilepsy. 	5	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	One of the best physicians of his kind!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	After being tortured by Dr. Jack Philbrick, I came to Dr Caruso. I was so scared I wouldn't even let him examine me. He gave me a prescription and set a new apointment. The prescription relaxed me at my next visit. He was patient and let me look through the exam tube. He accurately diagnosed my problem, set up surgury and fixed my problem. He's great! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Great bedside manner. That's hard to find these days.. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	0	I don't care for Dr. Cain.  I have had consults with him several times with my daughter.  I find him difficult to talk to and his demeanor can come across as closed and condescending.  	4	3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	I have 3 children and we have been going to Dr. Caldwell for over 9 years.  She always takes the time to listen to us in appointments and offer advice.  One of the things I like most is that she respects the child and speaks to them even at young ages.  She involves the parents (of course) but letting a five year old talk about their accomplishments helps take some of the drama out of the dr visits.  Dr. Caldwell is honest and always provides valuable feedback.  The medical assistants are absolutely fabulous!  Working with kids can be tough...especially when giving shots,  but they have the patience, humor and kindness of saints.   Well done on your hiring - keep it up! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	If you make it past the waiting room he is a great doctor. I've gone to him for years, but have never once waited less than an hour past my appointment time, usually 1.5 hours. If you don't have three hours to spare, go elsewhere. 	4	1	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Amazing doctor! Kind, caring, knowledgeable and thorough. Highly recommended! 	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	I've seen Dr. Call for 20 yrs. I think he is the most caring person and Dr. I've ever known.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:AARP
20	1	When I moved to Seattle I had no Dr. and I went to see Dr. Call. He is the nice and it may take some time to see him if you don't have an emergent condition but it is well worth the wait.  The staff is polite and for those of us without health insurance the services are sometimes discounted.  He is thoughtful always listens to you and is sincere and knowledgeable. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Dr. Call has been our family doctor for about 22 years and is a great doctor. His staff is friendly and polite as is Dr. Call himself.there has been a few times he's seen me without an appointment in an emergancy.He's not always on time but you must take into consideration the detail he puts into his work. I recommend him to all my friends.  	3	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	Very personable and upfront.  I have seen him for 22 years.  Takes his time to go over everything.  I only see him once a year unless I have a pressing matter, it is a two hour drive for me one way, but well worth it.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	-1	Dr. Call is never on time and always seems rushed. I have waited for him several times for my appointment in excess of 1 1/2 hrs late.  	4	1	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
20	1	Dr. Call is very thorough and caring, and does a great job with his patients. He is one of the best doctors I have been too and is very considerate. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	-1	Rude staff. Questionable billing practices.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Molina
21	1	Will be able to give a better rating after surgery.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
22	1	I trust this Doctor with my life and the lives of my two daughters.. I know of many others who owe their lives to his expertise.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
23	-1	Dr Carlson wasn't a great fit for me.  I didn't feel like I could talk to her.  It's important for me to feel comfortable with a doctor-- and that just didn't happen.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	She was fantastic! Took care of my thyroid issue immediately and got me back to feeling fantastic.  I would recommend her to anyone looking for a great endocrinologist 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
23	1	A great doctor! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	I was very happy with the doctor and staff.  They were very helpful with choosing my frames and the best lenses for my new glasses. ! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	Dr. Carlson is hands down, amazing.  Her ability to ask the right questions, focus in on the problem, and take action (allowing you to take action) is truly a gift.  It would take a lot for me to ever see anyone else at this point.  In just 4 sessions, I have had just as many breakthroughs and developed a deep trust in her because of her caring, compassionate style.  I never feel pushed or rushed; she never feels distracted, and in sessions with her I feel like the most important thing in her world.  I highly recommend her.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	I haven't seen Dr. Calson in a little less than a year, when I moved out of state, and I have had an extremely difficult time finding anyone that I can feel comfortable trusting now. She was wonderful, no one has compared yet. She did misdiagnose me in one area, but with other medical problems and the grieving I was going through, and the very similar disorder I actually do have, it was understandable, and I think anyone else would have done the same with the information she had. I truly believe had Dr. Carlson not been my therapist and psychiatrist at that time in my life, I wouldn't be here today. I only hope someday soon I can find someone else like her that I can trust with my medications, I've at least found a good therapist. I'd suggest her to anyone in WA, I used to drive from Camano Island to see her.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	DR. Gretchen Carlson is an amazing person and doctor.  She is extremely open and caring.  She helped me through the most difficult time in my life.  I just wished I had found her earier in my search for a qualified pychiatrist. 	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	I have seen Dr.Caldwell monthly for 6 months. I feel he is an excellent doctor, very helpful and knowledgeable. He was always willing to answer my questions even when not related to my condition. I would highly recommend him. He knows his stuff and is very respectful and kind hearted. I feel he truly cares about his patients 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Dr. Caldwell is a decent dermatologist. A bit rushed, but knows his stuff and gets the job done. His nurse practitioners are great, as well. The desk staff, however, is atrocious. None of them know how to use their own computer system. They lost my appointment twice, even though I had it written on a card with their own handwriting. Both times they made a huge deal and accused me of lying about my appointments instead of just fixing the problem. Not exactly the kind of greeting I was hoping for when I'd waited four weeks for an appointment.  	1	1	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	I have been seeing him for years now and his punctuality is never good but he is always nice and helpfull 	5	1	5	3 	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	Doctor was great. needs a better MA and more friendly front desk 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	-1	I had some simple skin tags frozen.  There was a problem with the can of liquid used.  It was sputtering. The nurse thought it was nothing unusual. After 6 weeks some have still not fallen off.  I don't feel I was properly informed of the total charges.  The nurse told me $150.00 and when the bill came, it was an additional $95.00. 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	like all dr.'s, they do run late, but he was very good, and solved my problem with the right meds in just a few days. Front desk lady was older, but seemed very bright. Dr. had great sense of humor.  	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	-1	When I made my appointment I was told to show up early but did not get seen until 45 minutes past my appointment time. The doctor seemed to be in a rush and did not spend a lot of time with me to go over his diagnosis and seemed rude and unprofessional. He also made some comments that seemed disrespectful. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	Dr. Carlisle was dismissive and unhelpful. He repeatedly instructed us to &quot;go see a doctor about it&quot;.  	5	4	1	2 	Insurance:Tufts
28	-1	Have problem.....no real answers. Now what&#63; Felt that I was left hanging... Going to get a second opinion 	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	-1	Dr.  Was VERY rude, he acted like i was stupid and my symptoms were all do to something  i have had all my life and if thats the case why do i hurt now and only after taking a certain medication!&#63; 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	I agree with the previous opinion that Dr. Carlin is great!  I changed rheumatologist because the one I had been seeing really had no clue what was going on with me.  Dr. Carlin is a no nonsense doctor, gets right to the facts, very observant and attentive to any questions I have.  Would highly recommend Dr.  Carlin and very glad I found him 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
28	-1	When he gave me a physical exam he made me feel very uncomfortable.  His behavior was very inappropriate.  I will never go back.  He did tests and never sent the results.  Then when asked about it, all I got was a page of numbers with no explanations.  Terrible doctor! 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	I was surprised to read the comment on Dr. Carlin, as I have been going to him since 2001 and have always found him concerned and thorough. He is also a listener and has shown me total respect every time I see him.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	I don't know what others are seeing.  This guy has been very helpful and attentive.  I have seen none of the arrogance others report and he has been focused on my problem.  I asked for a conservative approach and he has been respectful of that.  I think he's a very good doctor. 	5	3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	Please use caution when going to see this man. I went to see him 3 times hoping each time that he would address the issues of my disease. Each time I went, he got worse. The last time I saw him, he did a physical examination that was not professional. I left and will never return. If you decide to see him, please take someone with you or ask for a nurse to be present during your entire appointment. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	This is the most arrogant and rude doctor I have ever met. He treated me as if I was making up my symptoms and did not seem to care about the pain I was in. Once a bone scan showed that nearly every joint in my body was inflamed, he at least agreed I had a problem. But even with that information, he was aloof and condescending. Frankly it made me a nervous wreck worrying about having to go back each month for treatment. Finally I stopped going altogether and found a great doctor who listened to what I had to say and was able to get my health back on track.  	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
28	-1	I went to Dr. Carlin for a very serious (potentially life-threatening) illness. I found him to be abrasive, unapproachable, arrogant and completely disinterested in addressing my questions/concerns. Upon getting a second and third opinion elsewhere, I found out that the medication he prescribed for me had the potential to do more harm than good had I continued taking it as he had prescribed. He made me feel like his ego was more important than my health, so have since found another doctor. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	This doctor appears preoccupied with issues that do not concern the medical profession. I would not see him under any circumstances in the future. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Awesome. Personable, cares a lot about his patients, has a memory like a steel trap (remembers personal details about you even if years have gone by), and keeps his technology &amp; medical information up to date. Has great, friendly staff. All round, one of the best doctors I've ever met.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
29	1	Excellent doctor.  Listens carefully and provides clear, helpful information.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	-1	He started my appointment at the pain clinic by telling me that my diagnosis of Fibromyalgia was a crock, and this was before laying one finger on me. I walked out on the appointment. 	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	Probably one of the rudest most under-educated doctors on the planet. His staff seems to share in his hatred for his patients as well. I will never be going back to him. Time to retire champ. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
31	0	In the three years that Dr. Caldwell has been my doctor, I think he may have actually touched me twice. He generally just sits across the room and then writes a Prescription.  I get the feeling he is tired, indifferent and been at this a little too long.  	2	5	3	3 	Insurance:Tricare
32	0	Doctor Caulkins is a good Doctor, however has many patients and wait times can be lengthy. This is especially true when calling for a same day appointment. REcently he has mis-diagnosed my child due to what I feel was him rushing through the appointment. I sort of feel like a number going here. we are switching practices.  	4	3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	I have been with Dr. Caulkins' office for over 20 years now, and I have yet to find a doctor who listens as well as he does, or is as compassionate towards his patients, as he and his staff are. His nursing staff, PA, and ARNP are top notch. The front office staff are very friendly. My boyfriend is now a patient of theirs, too. He thinks the world of the staff, and is very happy with the care and treatment he gets. I have several friends who are also patients there, and they all have nothing but wonderful things to say about the entire staff. I have called and gotten in the same day. If there's an urgent matter, I never have a problem getting in. I don't know what I'm going to do when he retires, because I have never had a doctor who listens to what I say, until I became a patient of his. Most male physicians don't LISTEN to their women patients...Dr. Caulkins does! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	0	I just tried to get the office staff to return one phone call and follow through with a request. I started one week ago and still have not received the information I requested 	2	4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	Very unhappy with service, paid cash no insurance, left in office for an hour before talking to the Doctor, had lab tests, office staff wont call back, have gone back for follow up tests. Again nurses or staff wont call me back with results, no call back, they take my message over and over and no call  back...they take my money but till no call back....moving on 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
32	0	On state medicaid treated with disrepect. Left in office for up to 2 hours waiting for doctor.Office will not call you back with test results. I have called for information office refused to call me back.Dr caulkins refused to do paperwork for surgery,paperwork state required, he said it cost his office to many man hours cost him to much.I wished they would have just told me not to come back. The dont like poor people at all. I am thinking of filing with the better business we all know Doctors dont have to have good matters...He head nurse is rude and always complainting...it was clear they didnt want me to come there..  	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
32	-1	I hate it when a doctor doesn't believe what I say.  I wish I could find a good doctor that took me seriously. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
32	0	Dr. Caulkins had no feeling for the amount of pain I was in.  When Drs. are afraid of drugseekers, they are not helping me.  No empathy.  	2	3	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	0	I went to him because I was sick and didnt have a family doctor, then went back later on for a physical because i felt that he didnt take any time with me when I was sick to really hear what was going on. He was ok, compared to some of the other docs I have seen he isnt the worst. This office does seem to want you to come back all the time even if you were just in. Plus, I have past medical issues and felt he was kind of insensitive because he hasnt went through it I am assuming he just doesnt understand. Other than that, he was a ok doctor. 	3	5	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
32	0	Easy to get in, but wants to see you too often.  I got that drive-by feeling, less than 5 minutes spent.  Also is very stingy with any meds, filling only 1 month at a time, then after 3 months he wants you to come back in the office, even if you are fine.  And I'm not talking about drugs like narcotics, all drugs.  Doctor visits on a more frequent basis than yearly or when the patient needs it pushes the cost of medical service up, and only benefits the doctor.  Nice doctor and back office staff.  Horrible front office staff. 	2	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	able to get in on fairly short notice. very understanding, and seemed eager to help. did not seem to talk down, just a normal guy that is a very knowledgeable Doc 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Dr.Caulkins & his staff are awesome.I have been seeing him for years now as well as my children.I recommend him to anyone who is looking for a good,kind,funny dr for themselves & their family.He has been there thru check ups,colds,prenancy,the loss of my daughter,the pregnancy & birth of my last son.I think hes a great dr.His staff are always friendly & cheerful.My kids love going to see him which makes appointments (especially ones with shots) so much easier to do.He listens to what you have to say & helps you make informed decisions regarding health issues.The best dr ive been to.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Molina
32	1	The best doctor and staff I have ever used. My entire immediate and extended family has chosen him as our primary doctor. He provides excellent care and goes above and beyond in follow up care. He has supported and treated our family though caner, pregnancy, spider bites, broken bones, and much more.Both of my sons adore him and taking them to the doctor is a treat, not a chore. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	FAITHFUL, PERSONABLE, CARING AND KIND.  BEEN WITH HIM SINCE 2000.  I LOVE TO SEE HIM, BUT HE SEEMS TO ALWAYS BE BEHIND, EVEN AT 8:00 IN THE MORNING, BY AT LEAST 1/2 TO 1 HOUR.  HE'S NOT CHEAP, BUT NOT SURE HOW THAT COMPARES TO OTHERS IN HIS FIELD. 	4	3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	Doctor wanted to do surgery, went and got a 2nd opinion, did not need surgery, just offloading in my shoes. I have been excellent. Made me feel like all he wanted to do was the surgery. Not help me.  	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	Very nice staff and Doctor. Recommend him to anyone that needs a foot Dr.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	Wonderful Doctor! He is the nicest and caring man. He really treats his patients with kindness. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Excellent. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	 	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	I find Dr. Cagle to be very involved with my treatment.  He listens and takes great notes even when I ramble off subject.  Keeps in contact with my Medical Provider.  Great &quot;bedside manner&quot;.  Includes me when deciding what meds I need and dosage amount.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
36	0	Refused to try some medications on me which were later found to be very helpful. Argumentative on occasion. Refused to listen at times. Became frustrated when something didn't work.  	3	3	3	2 	Insurance:Medicare
37	1	Patient, courteous, and always willing to listen or try a new approach to feeling better.  What more could you ask for in a Dr&#63; 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
37	1	WE LOVE THIS DR!!  I've been with him for more than 15 years.  He takes his patients seriously and always actively listens.  My husband and new baby are also patients.  I wouldn't trust anyone else with my child the way that I would Dr. Carlson.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	Dr. Carter really shows his patients that he is interested in helping them lead independant lives. My son has CMT, a neuropathy, that causes him motor delays and pain. Finding pain control in a 5 year old is near impossible, yet Dr. Carter is open minded to consider every possiblity.  He knows so much about neuromuscular conditions it is very reassuring as a mother to have my son in his care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	I have never before had a doctor who is not only a leader in the field of neuromuscular diseases, but he cares so much about his patients.  I believe that he shows the same kind of compassion and genuine interest with all of his patients, as he does with me.  What would his CMT patients do without him&#63; 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	I had seen several doctors before I saw Dr. Carter.  He was the only one that knew anything about my disease (Charcot Marie Tooth) and he was able to help me greatly. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Exellent doctor. Understood my problem with correct diagnosis on the first visit. Has a large numbner of neuropathy patients and experience. Staff is kind.  I waited 3 mnoths to see him but definately worth it 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
40	1	Great Osteopath 	4	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Having since been to other radiology clinics (due to provider referrals not personal choice), I can tell you that Dr. Case and his staff were amazing. He was very friendly and made us feel very comfortable from the moment he entered the room. He was incredibly detailed in his exam and the explanations he gave us.  I have and will continue to reccomend him and will go back for the next pregnancy. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Dr. Case made my high risk pregnancy easier.  He did all the ultra sounds, I never had a tech.  He took the time to answer all my questions and was concerned about me and my baby.  I would recommend him to anyone.  He made it so we felt like we knew our daughter before she was born.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	Kevin is the simply put, the best. His bedside manner is impeccable and his knowledge and experience is wihtout equal. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	-1	Cold as Ice, ruined our special day by being cold and irritable. If you must go to him do not take children with you or he will turn hostile. I cancelled my 20th week appointment and whent else where were I was treated as an equal. if you expect more from your doctor, good manners, warmth, friendliness and compassion he is definitely lacks even an ounce of each. 	1	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Dr. Case made my complicated pregnancy a burden I could carry.  Each week I looked forward to our visits with him when he would boost my spirits and reassure us that all was still well with the baby.  He has such an incredible bedside manner and truely cares about his patients.  He is overflowing with knowledge about the developing baby and makes the ultrasound appointment such a great experience as he explains in great detail throughout.  Dr. Case is such a warm and caring individual.  I always felt like he was on our team in the effort to get our baby here safely.  I felt like I could really count on him to keep our best interests at heart.   What a great doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	Dr. Case is by far the BEST Dr. I''ve ever come across.  He made our experience seeing our baby so memorable and special.   He was our favorite part of our 2 pregnancies.  He is so positive and wonderful.  He was so open and patient with our numerous questions.I recommend him all the time to every pregnant woman. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	What an excellent person Dr. Case is!! He is not just a wonderful radiologist but also a great human being...you can see it in the way he talks to you: he is so respectful and caring and no question is too dumb or beneath him to answer (ask him about insurance, costs, appointments; and he'll answer them all!). He did all my ultrasounds for my pregnancy and you could see he was as moved as us when we saw our baby for the first time! He even had tips for how to develop a bond with our unborn child. We just loved him and his office staff! He is very prompt and detailed with his reports and will make sure you understand everything on there.  I only wish he were an OB-Gyn too in addition to being a radiologist!! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
42	-1	Way too expensive and not worth it. Choose a different doctor. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	This place is awful!  Everyone from reception to the nurses to the office manager to the doctor himself are rude and cold hearted and do no care about patients.  Dr. Cathcart does not take time to listen to concerns and doesn't care about follow up.  He does not care about people or their health at all. I was in severe pain due to my diabetes and called for help and they refused to help be becasue I had rescheduled an appointment.  They said rescheduling showed I didn't care about my health, so they refused to help.  I told them I had to reschedule due to work, and they would not get me an appoinment for 4 more months, but they refused to treat me.  This is against the doctor's oath.  DO  NOT GO HERE. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	I am very disappointed.  I have been on thyroid medication for nearly 20 years and this is the first time I have had an issue.  What has happened is that I was referred to Dr. Cathcart and he changed my dosage of L-thyroxine to 112 mcg with instruction to stay on this dose for 12 weeks, then be rechecked.  When I was rechecked the order was to stay on the same dosage, but the prescription sent to the pharmacy was for 125 mcg.  When I questioned it the nurse stated that they have no record of my ever being on 112 mcg.  I faxed them the note I received 90 days ago and they did not respond.  I am stuck using an outdated dose of 112 mcg that was prescribed to me 2 years ago as I have run out of the prescription he from earlier this year and the pharmacist agreed that I should not take the higher dose.  I am extremely angry about this and will not see this physician again. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	Dr. Cathcart will only prescribe synthetic T4.  He was biased, arrogant, and callous; he refused to listen to me or try anything else beyond T4.  He treats thyroid patients by TSH alone, rarely does he test Free T4 and will NOT test the thyroid’s active hormone T3 at all.  Consequently I got sicker and sicker.  Two friends say he is a good diabetes doctor, but thyroid dysfunction patients BEWARE!  He told me no one is allergic to T4 meds but I sure was sure allergic to something in the medications, which he refused to investigate.  Even after swelling up like an elephant and barely able to function he still refused to change my thyroid med; I had the same reaction to Synthroid, Levoxyl and Levothroid.  I ended up throwing the T4 meds away and improved enough to look for another doctor.   If I had stayed with him I would more likely than not be in a grave.  If you have thyroid disease and value your life, RUN from him.   I do NOT Recommend him! 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
42	1	Very efficient and thorough. Open minded, intelligent, friendly and helpful. Goes that one step further. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	When working for the insurance giants, he writes what they need him to write. I spent less than 10 minutes being examined by him, his diagnosis was completely off base and contrary to the other specialists and experts I have seen.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
43	1	I have been seeing Dr. Champoux for 23 years for various reasons, but finally I allowed him to replace my damaged knee joint after I could no longer walk.  The outcome has been better than I would have expected considering the extent of the damage. He is kind, compassionate, and very knowledgeable. He takes the time to explain details and never rushes the appointment, or pushes you to make a decision. His calm relaxed manner is comforting. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	He is polite, tactful and always focused on the best interest of the kids. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	. The only problem is that she is so popular that it can be hard to get a same day appointment 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
46	1	Dr Cassino is a great doctor.  I have seen and know many.  I am an ICU RN and this Dr knows his stuff.  Though he may be quiet, he listens very well and then thoughtfully gives his well informed answer. He might not actively converse when pt is describing all of their problems, that does not equate not listening, in fact just the opposite is true.  Stay fair and balanced please.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	I found Dr. Casino to be a fine doctor and refreshingly pragmatic.  True, he's not the mushy bleeding heart but that's fine with me, as I'm not seeing him for psychological issues or empathy.  I see him to treat my medical condition.  He's never cut me short nor hasn't listened.  Quite the opposite as I've found him to be a very active, thinking listener - not the egotist who likes to listen to himself.  I've seen him for nearly a year now and he's better than many doctors I've had in my 50+ years.  Regarding the other comments I saw, it might be someone doesn't take into account Dr. Casino has a different cultural background.  Given what life is like in the Philippines and what 3rd world afflictions he's likely seen in his training, it may be hard for him to genuinely empathize with issues far less serious in scope.  I see a man who does his job seriously when he sees you.  I also think it's his call to order a blood test, not you, unless you are your own doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	-1	When a store clerk or checker doesn't listen, that's one thing.  When your doctor doesn't listen, that is scary.  He is elsewhere when &quot;listening&quot;, not sure where, but it doesn't matter now does it.  Not rude nor arrogant, just a poor listener, which in this line of work, won't get you very far.  If you are unwilling to help me, that's fine, there are many doctors to choose from.  I had a pre-existing condition that my former doctor and now CMO of FHG had diagnosed.  Dr. Casino has now determined, without really ever examining my injury, that the former doctor was wrong and my prescription is not needed, although a specialist has scheduled an MRI based on an exam.  Keep looking.  	5	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	-1	Dr. Casino has a terrible bedside manner and lacks knowledge or experience.  I can tolerate rude or insensitive Dr.'s when they know medicine, but the only examples he could offer were from lectures in Med school.  He completely disregarded labs that I requested (actually flat-out refused to order bloodwork that I felt should be done as a follow up to other labs (coupled with family history) and did not show an IOTA of sympathy over several major losses our family had just experienced. I thought that I was just seeing him on an &quot;off day&quot; as we all have those, but after 3 visits and several similar stories from friends and family who have gone to him, we all read the same conclusion.  Dr. Casino may evolve into a wonderful physician down the road.  But as of 2010, he is cold, impersonal, not at all interested in a good patient/Dr. relationship and not in the slightest bit interested in having his patients involved in their health care decisions.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	1	Best dentist I have ever been to! Thorough, knowledgeable and very up to date on the latest technology &amp; techniques.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
47	1	If you want cheap, this isn't the place for you. However, if you want knowledgeable care or cosmetic dentistry you will get excellent results. Dr. Chan stays current and does superb ceramics.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
47	-1	Dr Chan charges a premium but provides very poor service. Avoid this Dr. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Dr Cavalieri is Awesome. Very Smart Man ;-) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	I cannot recommend him highly enough. He is knowledgeable, helpful and and really listens to you. He solved health issues that many, many other doctors could not. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	BEWARE! don't fall for this b.s.!  total sheister! running a &quot;dental cult&quot;and will tell you that you need and entire mouth restoration, especially if you have good insurance.  2 crowns installed, neither of which fit properly. a costly and very unrewarding experience.   for a dentist he has terrible breath! 	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	I had a crown break and got a reco from a co-worker.  Dr. Caggiano is great and his staff worked with my limited schedule and got a new crown back in four days.  No traveling oversees with a temporary-yeah!! I highly recommend this place.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	0	This doctor not only blocked a referral to Hospice for my terminally ill husband, but also went so far as to try to initiate disciplinary action against the Hospice nurse that was attempting to assist us. I requested a referral to Hospice from Dr. Canfield because he was not dealing with my husband's pain issues and I was tired of watching my poor husband suffer. Instead of considering this request as a reasonable medical option, this doctor took the request as a 'criticism' of his work! I am disgusted right now, my husband will die in intense pain unless I find a way to get around this doctor. This is a small town and all the health care professionals seem to be afraid to cross Dr. Canfield. Hopefully I will be able to change doctors, but it is pretty late in the case, so I'm not sure if this will be an option. I just want others to be aware that this doctor does not deal well with either pain or end of life issues. 	2	2	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
52	-1	SUPER EXPENSIVE!!!  Not always happy with work - have needed to go back too often to have things repeated. Back office staff unpleasant. We finally changed dentists - and it seems several other friends who used his services have as well. Keep looking....  	2	2	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	Dr Campbell is very helpful and knollegable, and his office staff are always nice. 		2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	GREAT! I am back to work, My back and neck are all better. He is the best Chiropractor I have ever had. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Like others Dr Cairns has taken care of me for years. He is always so patient with me. He has seen me through some serious health issues over the years. He's just the best all around.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthFirst
54	1	Dr. Cairns has treated me for years. As others have said, he never rushes you through an appointment and is very happy to answer my questions. He has an excellent bedside manner whether it's treatment during hospitalization or just a check-up in his office. I can't recommend him highly enough.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	Dr. Cairns is the best doctor I have been to.  I am never &quot;rushed&quot; through an appointment, as he takes the time to listen to any and all problems.  Very personable with a great sense of humor.   All of this is a huge plus in this day and age! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
54	1	This is a great doctor. I've seen him for many years and he always takes the best care of me. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Staff was very helpful and Dr Cairns took the time to understand my issue without cutting right to the diagnosis. He made sure he understood all symptoms and concerns before beginning a diagnosis. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Very caring and kind doctor with a wonderful bedside manner. He takes the time to research your information before talking with you.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	Very good doctor. Very courteous, professional and he has a good bedside manner. He's also very kind and good at explaning information and he's also very up to date on the latest HIV information/treatments.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	0	Bedside manner is just ok. He isn't super friendly, but seems Intelligent. I agree he doesn't &quot;listen&quot; to his patients, especially regarding pain. I have a serious medical condition and getting pain meds is like pulling teeth. It's the Spanish Inquisition whenever I tell him I'd like to try other pain options.  	4	4	3	3 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
55	1	he cares about  people and does his best for his patients, kind to his nursing staff and to his patients and he does his best as a doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
55	1	Dr.Casebeer has been very helpful with all issues I have had regarding my health.However Dr. if you are reading this &quot; listening is one of the most important skill's any one can develope&quot;.  	5	5	3	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
56	1	Excellent advice and care given.  My health has improved tremendously since I changed doctors to see him.  His nursing staff is great.  There is a separate appointment desk and I've never had to wait too long to get one.  He spends time with patients so is often not on time for appointments.  Take a book. 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	great ER doctor 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	The best.  Kind, professional, and very helpful.  Very well educated, down to earth, not pretentious, and very direct, but in a very helpful way. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Dr. Phil Capp was able to see me immediately when my primary doc (Monica Mayhill) was totally booked.  He is friendly, funny, and personable, very direct and thorough.  I felt very comfortable, even though I typically do not see male doctors for girly stuff.  I was able to get my immediate needs taken care of, and then he assessed what other (also important) issues I had were.  We were able to do blood tests and he counseled me on quitting smoking (which I did, after ten years), and I left feeling well taken care of and very happy with the customer service at Swedish.  Great place.  I recommend this office to everyone I talk to about doctor stuff! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	Love Dr. Cassidy!  Been going here for 14 years... I moved away a couple years ago but still drive here because they're that good.  Dr. Cassidy often goes to conferences &amp; stays up to date on the latest in eye care, which is nice to know.  They always have stylish eye glass options as well &amp; are very helpful in making sure you have the right fit. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	Dr. Steve was called on a Saturday because something was irratating my only eye.  I had lost my other eye in a acdcident years before. He held up his Saturday golf game to treat me.  Something has abraded the pupil and was casing much pain and reduced vision. This visit took about 45 min. with good results. He called that night to see how I was doing and another call Sunday morning to say he wanted me to stop by his office Monday morning for a further check up.  Thank heavens for caring health care practioners like Dr. Steve and Walt Cassidy @ Issaquah Vision. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	-1	Dr. Carmick has a registered sex offender working for him at his front desk. She was convicted and charged. Now she gets to work with YOUR sons.(www.kitsapsun.com) 2009 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	My experience is that Dr. Carmick is  gem. While his office tends to get backed up, I'd say he gives a  lot of personal attention, which takes more time. He is a fountain of information and probably the most informed dermatologist I have ever met. I would double check with him even on seemingly unrelated issues and he is the first doctor that pops into my mind when I need answers. When visiting a doctor, it is either because you are not well or need a solution and either way, maybe your attitude is the problem and not the doctor. He is one of the more qualified doctors I have had to pleasure to find.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
60	-1	Not recommend him to anyone--insensitive. 	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	Dr. Chan is very Knowledgable. His bedside manor needs some work, be he does care about his patients and is very nice. If he does not know about a particular topic he is the first to abmitt it and to send you to a specialist. Dr. Chan is a great doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	I've been seeing Dr. Cardwell for 15 years.  She has delivered both my children, done emergency surgery on me, and done regular annual exams.  Best ob/gyn I've ever seen. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	I have seen Dr. Cardwell for several years.   She is attentive - listens well - answers all questions.  She is compassionate and caring with a sense of humor.  I have referred many women to her and they were also happy.  She is an amazing physician in my view. PS I am NOT the easiest patient to manage....  she is amazing. 	 10/18/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
62	-1	I requested her help in treating a somewhat emergent situation with a previously established patient and Dr. Cardwell refused to care for this person. 	5	5	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
62	-1	I am not hysterical, nor am I an overly emotional person.  I had an awful experience with Dr. Cardwell.  She was so detached and un-personable that my husband and I actually walked out of her office mid-appointment.  She did not seem capable of understanding that her laptop was less important than our questions and concerns with respect to our first pregnancy.  I would never recommend that anyone go to Dr. Cardwell.  	2	3	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	-1	I'm almost seven months pregnant and have only seen Dr. Cardwell twice. The first time she spent 5 min with me and the second time maybe ten. I agree she has no emotion and is totally uninterested in knowing me at all. I'm glad I'm not the only one who feels this way, I will not be wasting anymore of my money or time on her anymore.  	5	4	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	I have had both my children with dr. Cardwell and will be going back to have my third with her! She is great, very straight to the point and she doesn't sugar coat things. Love all the staff at her office. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	I have been Dr. Cardwell's patient for over 18 years. She is always friendly and extremely professional, taking time to answer all my questions. If not for her, I would be dead. She found my rare thyroid cancer (medulary carcinoma) when 7 other doctors overlooked it. I can't offer enough words of gratitude for her thorough and curious approach to medicine. Mindy, Kirkland, WA.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
62	1	Dr. Carwell is an excellent OB/GYN.  No, we didn't become &quot;best friends&quot; in the 9 months I saw her during my pregnancy.  However, she never gave me reason to doubt her knowledge and skill.  My pregnancy was complicated but I felt completely at ease under her care.  I would definitley recommend her to anyone who is down to earth and looking for a highly skilled OB/GYN with a lot of experience.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	True that Dr. Cardwell is emotionally reserved, but she is an excellent OBGYN.  If you have an excitable and/or hysterical personality, I agree that she would not be a good fit.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	-1	Dr. Cardwell is a terrible OB/GYN if you have anything other than a perfect pregnancy.  She is detached, unfeeling, and will treat you like a neurotic if you bring up any concerns you have during pregnancy.  I will never return to her office.  Her ultrasound technician bruised my belly repeatedly even after telling her to stop.  Her nurses never returned phone calls with important test results, which left me taking an unnecessary medication whose side effect can be sterility or death.  Her nurse practitioner tried to convince me that I was two weeks further along than I knew I was, thus moving up my due date, making it much more likely that I would need to induce labor.  DO NOT GO TO DR. CARDWELL! 	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
62	-1	If you're a mountain woman who doesn't have human emotion, Dr. Cardwell would be a perfect doctor for you.  But if, like most women, you have questions, concerns, and feelings, she is probably not the right doctor for you.  She is obviously a competent physician, but Dr, Cardwell really is not good at connecting with her patients. 	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
62	0	Dr. Cardwell and I were a terrible personality match.  She is a cold, technical doctor who is obviously very competent, and if I were having an emergency C-section, she is the doctor I would want there.  But Dr. Cardwell has no bedside manner and doesn't seem to understand the fundamentally emotional nature of pregnancy.  She was dismissive of my concerns and treated me like a neurotic, first-time mother.  She rarely looked me in the eye and had a very difficult time relating to my concerns, despite the fact that I had a high-risk pregnancy.  Again, I think that if your personality matches hers, you'd have a wonderful experience with Dr. Cardwell.  I did not. 	3	4	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	I have seen Dr. Cardwell for 8 years for annual exams and perimenopausal symptoms.  I would not consider seeing another gynocologist.  She has been careful and conservative in her care and always takes the time necessary to answer my questions and provide age-appropriate information that a woman should consider.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	-1	Dr. Cardwell was my ob/gyn when I was pregnant with my daughter. I had a very easy pregnancy and no complications.  When it was time to deliever that is when all hell broke lose. I almost died. Nobody ever gave me a clear explanation of what happened but there are certain things that they should have told me when i went to the hospital. My daughter was not positioned to be delievered naturally and Dr. Cardwell and the nurses at the hospital did not tell me that until the last possible minute. From what I have learned by reading that is something that a Dr should know.  I went to hell and back (3 operations in 20 days) and I partly blame Dr. Cardwell. As result I can't have any more children.  	3	2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	I first met Dr Cardwell when I was 35 weeks pregnant, I was rushed to the emergency room when my midwives couldn't find our daughters heartbeat. Dr Cardwell was the one to give us the sad news that our baby girl had passed away in utero. Dr Cardwell listened to me and even though I asked for something that isn't normally up to the patient to decide, she really listened to what I had to say, and took my feelings into account. I have been with Dr Cardwell since that day 3 1/2 years ago, and I am happy to say that now she is our OB for my current pregnancy. It feels great knowing that I am seeing a Dr that will not only truly listen to what I have to say, but also take into account that I am an adult, and I know my body and my own limits. I will always be greatful to her for that, and I am so excited for her to deliver this baby! And I love her nurse Tanya! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	Dr Cardwell was my second OB for my pregnancy. She was GREAT! I love her very calming and jovial attitude and how much compassion she has for her patients. I never waited in the lobby and the staff was so helpful, polite and very friendly. I has a very bad experience across the street at another provider so I was so relieved to find this gem! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	Dr. Cardwell and all the staff at Evergreen Women's Clinic have been great. My first visit was to determine if I was entering early menopause at age 38 due to several symptoms I had been experiencing. After it was determined I was likely not entering early menopause, my husband and I decided to conceive our first child. We mis-carried the the first pregnanacy at 3 months and Dr. Cardwell performed the D&C.; The care I received from discovery of the mis-carriage to the recovery from the D&C; was wonderful during this difficult time. I am now 8 1/2 months pregnant and everything has gone well. I like Dr. Cardwell's no-nonsense style and straight-forward approach. She listens to the patient's needs, questions and concerns and seems to take a conservative approach to medicine. I have never felt forced into making a medical decision that I was not comfortable with. I am confident that Dr. Cardwell will help delivery our child successfully no matter what medical issues may arise.  		4	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
62	-1	Problem #1: Did not meet doctor at first appointment, only the nurse. Problem #2: The second appointment a technician conducted a screening test. Dr. Cardwell confirmed the results were outside &quot;normal&quot; limits and referred us to a specialist. The specialist could not duplicate the results found by Dr. Cardwell's office. The specialist informed us that this was very rare and she didn't get to give &quot;good news&quot; very often. Hence, the results from Dr. Cardwell's office were completely wrong. The next day a nurse from Dr. Cardwell's office called to say that their number was wrong because of the machine and it was &quot;very common&quot; to misread the ultrasound because of the machine. She also continued to give me the results of the incorrect test which were &quot;positive for Down syndrome&quot; even though a screeing test cannot show positive results. It can only show that we are at an increase of risk. I am very disappointed by the care from this office and how unprofessionally this mistake was handled. 		3	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	Dr. Cassius is a kind, caring and compassionate Doctor. He is very talented and has helped to relieve my pain. He is a very thoughtful physician who takes the time out to get to know his patients and truly understand their pain. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	-1	he was rude, unprofessional. Left me feeling very belittled - almost abused. Would not go back to this doctor. 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	Very good doctor who I recommend to anyone with sport injury, back/spine pain, shoulder, knee injuries.  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	Although I had to wait I did not mind as he took his time and is very very thorough. One reason he runs late is he tries to fit in patients that call in at the last minute because they are in pain. Dr. Cassius will refer out to other Dr's.  not in his field and they have always been top notch.  I have referred him to others and they are very very satisfied also.  He identified a thyroid problem, sent me to Dr. Murray and I have been almost pain free since.  Just take a book to read.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	-1	disrespect for patients schedule by running often times more than an hour late!!! Nice man but can't trust someone who appears to be very disorganized and scattered! 	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	Dr. Cassius is a kind, caring man. He'll do whatever he can to fit you into his schedule and he takes all insurance plans. He uses trigger point injections to relieve pain while the patient works in PT to strengthen those areas. In theory, this should allow the patient to work to regain function with minimal pain. NB: There isn't a consensus on what constitutes a trigger point nor is trigger point theory accepted by the medical community at large. This doesn't mean that it doesn't work. Cassius also attempts to help patients reduce/eliminate the amt of pain meds taken however this may increase patients' pain levels. It's not unusual to wait an hour to see him which he says is due to being thorough with every patient. This doesn't explain why he is routinely an hour late for his first appointment of the day. He hasn't always carefully checked into the background of his referrals. At one point, he unknowingly referred patients to a practitioner who wasn't registered to practice in WA. 	4	1	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	Very interested and caring manner. Effective treatment and suggestions.  Would recommend him highly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
64	1	Took time to figure out what was really wrong. Short wait. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	Bad bedside manner. Seemed very rushed. Lots of grimacing, which was bizarre. 	3	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	While Dr. Cain no longer takes new patients she is an excellent resource for other psychiatrists she respects. See Dr. Phillip Lindsey As her patient for 13 years I find her honest, open, extremely knowledgable over a wide range of medicine so that she provides excellent recommendations to other specialty physicians.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	Dr. Carter is ver knowledgeable and very helpful.  Unfortunately, she is rarely available on a short notice basis such as when I get ill.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
66	1	Dr. Carter is excellant but be prepared to have to butt into the conversation at times. You should also have a prepared list of questions with you. A family member to listen in is also a good idea.  	3	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	Very impressed.   Glad I chose him to help straighten out my meds! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	If you don't like being patted on the back, i.e, like honesty from someone who knows what they're doing, Dr Chalem is right for you. He also has an interesting technique in terms of how keeps records of sessions. It weirded me out at first, but the I realized it's the best idea ever. PS A regular hour-long appointment with no insurance is around 215 for an hour 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Dr. Carlson is an excellent surgeon and is a very helpful and knowledgeable doctor.  He is very good with people.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	I have been a patient of Dr Carkin's for over 8 yrs.  She has been instrumental in keeping my quality of life at an acceptable level in spite of my severe RA &amp; Fibromyalgia (along with other health issues). As a health care provider for over 24 yrs, I know a good doctor when I see one. Dr Carkin has an excellent bed-side manner, is compassionate, caring, knowledgeable, and her nurse is always able to get me in to see her when it is urgent. If I ever move away, I will fly back to Seattle (if I am physically able) to see her every 2 months like I am currently seeing her. My brother-in-law needs to find a good rheumatologist in Houston &amp; cannot find one as good as Dr Carkin. I recommend her to ANYONE who needs an experienced rheumatologist.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:UPMC
69	1	I have seen Dr. Carkin for at least 12 years.  I do medical research for myself and others as a consumer advocate and as a healthcare provider myself.  Dr. Carkin has proven consistently to be remarkable in all aspects of the care I have received.  She is an amazing physician...it is no wonder she is again and again rated as one of Washington's TOP DOCTORS. 	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	-1	I was referred to Dr. Carkin by a well-meaning, kind hearted neurologist. I was not well under her care and left. Upon my leaving, Dr. Carkin became enraged. She was dishonest, attacking my character and intentions. I was unable to defend myself due to my illness. This traumatic experience caused me to pull away from western medicine. I've been trying to work with a GP while learning alternative ways of treatment but my condition has worsened. My hope for healing is waining as my illness advances. This site says to remember that we are liable for what we write here. I accept my reponsibilities.  Where is it written here that this dr is liable for her lack of professionalism, heavy-handed behavior, and for the appalling disgrace she bestowed upon her profession&#63; 	 7/31/10	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	0	 	3	3	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	As a Lupus patient with serious CNS involvement who was having seizures and strokes, for nearly 20 years Dr. Carklin worked tirelessly on my behalf. No matter how difficult the problems I faced, she always made me feel &quot;we&quot; were facing them together - and that we would find the right treatment plan to do so. She is a skilled physician - highly reccommended to me by several other physicians - and yet she never hesitated to seek advice from and work with the best neurologist or other specialists when needed. My family felt totaly confident whe was the best doc to care for me. We always knew that not only was her care skilled - she also really cared about me as a person and a patient.  I have now moved some 70 miles away and am searching for a new doc - it will be very difficult to find someone to fill her shoes! 	 4/9/09	3	2	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	Thank you for asking about this wonderful doctor. I have fibromyalgia and had suffered for 15 years before getting refered to Dr. Carkin. She is responsive, caring, and very informed about my illness. She helped me understand that it is vital that I follow her instructions to exercise, sleep, and eat properly. She has included my family in my care and, whether I am feeling my best or not, she is the most non-judgemental, kind person. Her staff is wonderful. I am always treated warmly and with respect. In my experience, anyone that leaves her care would have to have problems unrelated to physical illness. Thank you, Dr. Carkin, for your commitment, intelligence, and your amazing ability to heal.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:AARP
69	1	Julie Carkin has been my doctor for nearly 10 years, ever since i was diagnosed with my illness at 18 years old and i could not ask for a better doctor. Not only does she care about me and my complicated illness, but she is warm and caring to my family-which means alot to me. No matter what Dr. Carkin has always shown me that she is always there for me. She is a very smart, caring person and i trust her with anything. I would never think about seeing another doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	0	Julie Carkin is personable and decent, but after years of stagnation on my fibromyalgia treatment & progress, I sought a second opinion & realized that she lacked either the knowledge, communication skills, or desire to convey the difficult truth about how serious my condition was. She was angry w/ me for seeking a second opinion, & I stayed w/ the other rheumatologist, who has provided better care, support, and diagnostics. 		3	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
70	-1	There were several questionable things that happened immediately before and during the operation.  When I asked the doctor questions about the issues, he became rude and abrasive. He ducked and dodged the questions and even insulted by wife. 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	Specializes in joints.  He was helpful in relieving my brusitis pain.  	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	-1	.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Tricare
72	1	Best chiropractor I have ever seen and I have been treated by at least 15 of the best in different parts of the U.S.. He has amazing skills, cares, and delivers on his promises when he says he can help. Absolutely the best at treating the spine and sports injuries to ankles, knees and wrists. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	All of the procedures were covered by Ins. Dr. Chabal has helped me with more ideas and helpful medications than any Doctor I have ever seen for my sciatic nerve pain. He is very willing to take time to explain things to me and he has a friendly and empathetic personality. i have enjoyed being under his care for the last year and a half.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	Clear communication, logical/caring approach 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	0	Although cordial and amicable, Dr. Canning tended to talk about herself in a way which had little to do with the patient (me).  Several times she talked to me about matters in her own life.  On many occasions the conversations about me weren't very probing.  	4	4	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
74	-1	This Dr over medicated me .I went into mania and she put me in Psychiatric hosp and then she skipped town she also did another patient the same way we became friends in the psy hosp and Dr. canning did us both the same way . 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
74	-1	I would never recommend this Dr. She violates dr/patient confidentiality and does everything she can to convince you and your family that your are suicidal so she can put you in the hospital. I have heard similar stories from numerous former patients. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
74	-1	Dr. Canning made very personal accusations against my character, and even accused me of not taking the Depakote she prescribed to me. I was later diagnosed bipolar and followed followed accordingly by 3 other physchologists. One of my psychiatrists told me that people metabolize different medications differently, and that was not appropriate for her to make that accusation. I also have to add that an attorney in town told us that she was a quack and had been run out of town since I moved onto another pysician. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	Dr. Rowin Cantrell is Intelligent, observant, and extremely kind. She diagnosed me correctly and expertly and has obvious expertise in her field. She is a compassionate person and physician, and I am pained to see these negative reviews of her. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	-1	I went to Dr. Cantrell for bipolar I treatment. I was going downhill fast and knew it. Instead, she said I could see her in a month for a 15 min. med check. When I told her I wanted to see her earlier, she said two weeks. Her appointment included me doing math problems in my head and remembering dates--this after she had clearly run out of things to ask me. She had her head in her notebook the entire time. No compassionate listening. I've seen a lot of doctors in my day and never have I felt so belittled or bewildered. Two weeks later I was an even bigger mess, got no help and cried as I left her office. I saw another doctor as soon as possible. He sent me on a month-long stay in the mental hospital. There, I worked with a team of doctors and each one said that in my fragile state I needed intensive, long-term treatment. More than six months later, I still see my doctors every week. How such a well trained doctor could miss this--and with me begging for help!--is remarkable. 	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
75	-1	Most of us looking for a good psychiatrist are seeking someone who is caring and compassionate.  Dr. Cantrell just doesn't have these qualities and is astonished to find out that patients think she lacks what is takes to be a good psychiatrist. Somehow I wasn't surprised to see that she was &quot;astonished&quot; to find out that she has no perception of how she comes across to her patients - or those who stick around for more.  I moved on and feel so great having someone who is truly caring.  Dr. Cantrell, you just don't see yourself as your patients see you.  You are in the wrong profession.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	I am absolutely stunned by these comments. and yes I did rate myself. I have always scheduled a full 25 minutes for my patients regardless of their insurance. I have often discounted my rates for patients who cant pay the full rate. I strive to return all phone calls same day or at least within 24 hours. I am available 24/7 for urgent matters on my personal cell phone. I often return phone calls on Saturday and Sundays if I haven't reached a patient on friday.I run on time and respect my patients time. I am a highly qualified UCLA trained physician and I care deeply about my patients, their suffering and the serious stigma patients with mental illness have to cope with. I strive to be the most helpful and knowledgeable physician I can be and am constantly reading and learning so I can improve my practice. I believe that physicians should have the same opportunity to defend their reputations on these websites as patients have the opportunity to damage them. Respectfully Rowin Cantrell 	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
75	-1	This psychiatrist is rude, impatient and condescending. She always acts as though she can't wait for you to finish the session so she can get on with better things. Since most people going to a psychiatrist are having emotional problems, I would suggest you avoid this doctor as she makes it very clear that you are just a nuisance. There are psychiatrists out there who know what they're doing and provide support. She is not one of them.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	-1	I was prescribed a sustained release anti-depressant and told to take it once a day...It only lasts for 12 hours in its sustained release version - you do the math... I was also given a large dose of an extremely addictive sleep medicine, from which I am still in withdrawal two months later. I was treated rudely when I called the doctor in a very vulnerable state on a weekend. I would not advise anybody in a fragile psychiatric state to visit this doctor. 	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
76	-1	worst wait time, billing dept has no idea whats going on, you may have legal problems with this doctor 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	Wonderful, wonderful doctor.  Very personal, caring, and thorough.  It's hard to find a doctor as amazing as him!  He is my primary care physician and is always so genuinely concerned with my health and well being.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
78	-1	she should not even be consider as a &quot;care provider&quot;, what she has provided to me as her patient only frusturation, discouragement, carelessness, ingnorance, etc. She never cared what my lab results were and how am I doing or feeling throughout my pregnancy and even during delivery. A week before my due date she told me that she will be very upset if I'll have contractions and will call her on the day of the football game. At first I thought she was kidding but then I realized she was totally serious. Even though I end up delivering my baby the next day after the football game she still wasn't with me the whole time during my labor, my nurse bless her heart was with me 99.9% during the delivery and almost delivered my baby. I guess Dr. got a chance to catch my baby when it came out. I would never ever recomend her to anybody.  	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Molina
78	1	Love her! She has been my daughters doctor since she was born &amp; always takes the time to answer my questions. Her nurse is great, always responds quickly when I call with questions. I liked her so much I decided to go to her with my second pregnancy. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	Dr. Cervenka is everything a patient wants in a doctor.  Couldn't ask for any better. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
80	-1	Gee..no one seems to like this guy. Myabe someone should pay attention and get him a job at a morgue where he would be better suited as he would not have to deal with those people on an emotional level, soemthing is is incapale of. A little bundyish shall we say 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
80	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
80	-1	Don't go here. He doesn't listen to what you have to say. I felt like it was an inconvenience for him to have to see me or try to diagnose my problem. He never answers any of my questions(but he has no problem answering his cell phone during one of my exams) and tells me what I already know. His bedside manner is terrible, and he never looks you in the face when he talks do you, just seems overall uninterested. The front office and phone staff are also very rude. I have had several bad experiences over the years I have been a patient there and this was the last straw. If you want a doctor who is caring and thorough do not go to Dr. Chaffee. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	Dr Chaffee is easy to work with but you need to know what your issue is. Very nice mannered man and seems very genuine.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	I have found him to be interested in my health. He listens .I'mlong term pain pactient and he pays attention.  	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
80	0	Did not get the impression that he listened, or understood, the problem.  Seemed very distant.  	4	4	3	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
81	1	Very knowledgeable, through, and caring. This Dr. listens to patients and uses that information to form his conclusions as well as his own knowlege.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	Good doc, doesnt over prescribe drugs. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	0	the staff as well as the doctor her self would be rated very low...it is hard communicating with her (getting an understanding of each others point of vie) and in matters of paper work it can be a disaster...late not done ect. 	1	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	great Doctor!  Took my daughter and my father to her for hand related problems.  She was honest, looked into all possible treatments and was compassionate during 2 separate health emergencies in my family.  Would recommend her to anyone looking for a great ortho dr. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	 	4	1	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	I was very ill and saw many, many doctors during my recovery period. Dr Carlson's staff so warm and friendly that i was always almost eager to see them again, even though I was coming in for surgery. He is very scientific and seems young and geeky, but I found him to have a very warm heart and surprisingly good bedside manner. He took great interest in getting to the heart of my condition and was in constant contact with the pathologist, always keeping me in the loop in progression of my health. He also participated in a very difficult surgery from which I recovered quickly. If you need a GI in Seattle I would recommend Chris wholeheartedly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
84	1	it seems this dr has minimal time to look into issues of my dx.  he just gives me a vague answer and thats the end of it.  i have become very unimpressed with his care lately.  i have asked about issues and he just brushes me off. 	2	3	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	Dr. Caldwell is a very patient, friendly, and easy man to deal with. In my book, he's a class act. Would recommend him to anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	Wonderful doctor who listens to his patient.  Very knowlegeable. Saved my son's life by giving him the MRI that diagnosed his brain tumor when no-one but my son believed he had one. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	He is a pretty good Doctor. Have went many years. Their are also very good ones in that same practice. 		4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	Great doctor. Very good with allergy related problems especially. 		4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	I like the way Dr. Chan and his staff treat patients. My previous dentist died in a traffic accident and that is how I got referred to Dr. Chan by a friend of mine. I definitely feel the difference by comparison. At Dr. Chan's office, I know what options I have and I am not pushed for the most expensive option at all. His staff, Pam and Lisa, for example, treats patients very friendly and kindly. They explain what they are going to do in details and clearly. They are just happy professional people who love what they do.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	Caring, professional, patient and skilled. His work is first class. You will never feel rushed and will often wonder if there are any other patients in the office at the same time as you. His office staff are all very friendly. You will like the lit candles in the waiting room and the leather hygienist's chair. His rates are less than other dentists I have seen. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	Excellent. Very knowledgeable about my condition. Efficient and thorough and answered all my questions.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	-1	Had to force him to do angiogram even after strong family history. Day of angio was sure there was nothing wrong...boy was he wrong heart surgery next day. Could have saved me the surgery had he did the test years earlier when I asked. My brother is an internal medicine Dr. and wanted the test done but he refused until I begin to have chext pain and needed 6 arteries  bypassed and some valve work also. Trying to save money for the company..maybe they get bonuses at the end of the year. Both of my brothers, my father and my grandfather had heart attacks with out any early warnings in their early 50's. Grandfather died of heart failure at 49.  	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
88	1	He is the best most caring Doctor I have ever encountered.  I have a serious illness and he has taken implicit care of all my needs and concerns 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	Doctor Campbell was on time, was very friendy and knowledable. I highly suggest going to him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	1	.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	1	. Brilliant african american female 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
91	1	Very excellent dentist and noticed other problems in the future. Very reasonable rates. Very personable and friendly dentist. Highly approve! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	0	Doctor Carter is extremely bad. He used to be a great doctor, but now he never has the time for anybody. People wait in his office for HOURS upon HOURS. Mostly, as far as I can tell, this is because he is not there, not because he &quot;takes his time&quot; with his patients. I have been seen multiple times no less than THREE hours after my official time to see him. Don't get me wrong: Dr. Carter does his job well, but only when he gets around to it. He is one of the best, but be prepared to pay for that privilege with your time. Getting good help is often worth the extra hour or two. His staff seems friendly enough, but I've seen them, more than once, badmouthing other patients. Dr. Carter is a gamble, but one you should consider making if you want good help in this area! 	2	1	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	my family has seen dr carter for the last 10 years or so. he has always been a very kind man sometimes you have to wait when you want the best.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:UPMC
92	-1	I have only seen Dr. Carter at the hospital during testing and on one occasion he said somethings that were very insensitive. All the appointment in the office I saw Pat and Pat and the office personal where great. 	4	4	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	Dr Carter is the best GI doctor I have encountered.He is the doctor other doctors seek.He is extremely up to date in his field.The down side is he &quot;takes his time&quot; with his patients.I personally find this a plus when you are the patient and need the extra time.once you are established, You will be seen in a timely manner.I would highly recommend him.  	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	1	Dr. Carter was absolutely great with my daughter! He is her favorite doctor and really helped during a tough illness.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
94	1	I had a EMG nerve conduction study, Dr. Cancado was very attentive, explain what was going to happen, listened to my concern &amp; was very plesant to talk to.  I would go back to him again.  The office staff was wonderful &amp; very nice.  	 12/9/10	5	4	5	Insurance:GHI
95	-1	Look up his nursing license number and see why his license was suspended for 5 years. He is a sick man that should not be able to practice medicine. Go the WA state Department of Health to take a look at his record. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	I've been with him for 18 years & I'm still here & haven't had a reoccurrance. Very efficient & thorough. Always answers my questions.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	This is the most amazing doctor I have ever worked with. I would be her patient in a heartbeat if she were practicing in my area and I would drive long distances to see her. Her relationship with her patients is amazing and her knowlege and special care and attention to detail is exceptional. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	-1	My long time PCP referred me to this dr.  I have a much older L/surgery that was performed on me when I was quite young, and has deteriorated badly as I've aged.  I was hoping dr would discuss my condition & possibly refer me to PT or create SOME plan.  I was wrong.  He is pompous, dismissive,rude and condescending.  He critisized the methods for surgery performed, and not in a commiserating manner.  He rarely made eye contact with me.  Ended the banner visit by prescribing me an anti-inflammatory rx that he tossed on the table on his way out that has been removed from the market now.  He informed me he couldn't do anything to help, and I assumed correctly he had no desire to.  I relayed the events of the visit to my PCP, and was told it was obvious he didn't want the bother.  May have been different if I had a broken bone.  Very disappointing.  Felt very bad when I left.  Don't see this dr if you don't have a sports injury or similar. 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	He is beyond excellent in all respects. Had three surgeries on my Achilles. It is perfect today, no problems. Highly reccomend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
97	1	I have worked with Dr Carlson for almostr 3 years now. He took over a very complicated injury and saw it through to completion. I like his style and his knowledge of his specialty. I am willing to refer people to him due to his expertise. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	I have been seeing Dr. Caso for well over a year for implants on both sides of my mouth. A situation I have ignored for close to 10years so it was a big job. The staff and the doctor here are wonderfully upbeat and conscientious. I LOVE GOING HERE.  I love my regular dentist but I am going to be sad going back and not coming here! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
99	1	Dr Carey is a very compassionate and understanding doctor.  He always takes time to listen to me. I feel very fortunate to have him as my doctor.   I have been with him for twelve years. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	Dr. Carey has been our family doc for 20 years & he's incredible! He's very caring, explains things well & treats the 'whole' person. Believes in some holistic treatments (i.e., exercise). Takes costs of medications into consideration if alternatives are possible & will refer to good specialists if necessary.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
100	1	Very helpful and knowledgeable. She answered all of my concerns. Would definitely recommend her to my friends and family.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
100	1	Wonderful doctor, wonder staff and office.  Will definitely return. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
100	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
