dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	My husband and I have been going to Dr. Kelley since 1999 and very much appreciate her work and demeanor.  She's a great doctor and we recommend her for your dermatology needs. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	she is the best! Every doctor should take a lesson from her on respecting patients and being non-judgmental.  She knows her skin, too! I have recommended her to many people 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
1	1	Dr. Kelly is knowledgeable for sure - she does a great job of listening to your issues and explaining your treatment options. She's also nonjudgmental, non-intimidating... truly just a nice person. I highly recommend her.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	-1	I was honest with this doctor about my past, and he treated me like crap. Very unpleasant Doctor. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	My 79 y.o. mom had surgery to remove a severely scarred section of her bowel.   1)We were given wrong post-op instructions; 2)At post-op visit,Dr.K was rude,e.g.,my mom's incision was still packed with gauze from surgery. Before we knew it, while she was dressed and standing, Dr.K pulled down her pants in the front and with his other hand stuck his finger in the incision and ran it across so that all the puss, gauze and fluid came out onto the floor. I have never seen anything so unprofessional.  3)My mother's scar is the worst stitch job-its crooked, lumpy, bulging...Just because she's old doesn't mean she doesn't care how she looks; 4)After surgery, mom's incision became infected. Dr.K put her on a 6-wk  high dose of antibiotics which almost killed her.   After about 4 weeks, Mom completely deteriorated, was delirious. I wanted to stop the meds- Dr.K said no, since we only had 2 wks left. Sure enough, the minute she was off the meds she got better and is now fine, no thanks to Dr.K.  	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:AARP
3	0	Dr Kahn covers his bases with tests but is not very helpful with pain issues that don't fall within common causes. It's hard enough to go to a doctor at all regarding anal pain. He's not very understanding when pain is the complaint and he doesn't find any cause within his paradigm of the only causes. He gives no solution other than *suggesting* it's phatom pain. 	5	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Very caring doctor. He performed colon cancer surgery on me. He is so knowledgeable and definately knows what he is talking about. Everything that he told me was right on. Highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Recent Colonoscopy. Freaked out about.  Staff and Doctor fantastic 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	0	Although Dr. Kaplan was an ok doctor... his staff was not at all helpful! 	1	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Very helpful in making a referral with a specialist, when necesary. 		3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Very helpful, personable, a good listener. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Dr. Karimi found out what I have (mild case of Crohn’s). I got to her after seeing 3 other doctors, one of them wanted to perform an unnecessary surgery. Dr. Karimi has been so accurate with the diagnostics, willingness to work with me to find out the best treatment and also respecting my desire to minimize drugs. She is special, sometimes it may seems that she is a little rude, as she may be short sometimes, but in the other way around, she is very sweet, so don’t get hung into it!  (I think it is just cultural). She has been always there for me, very compassionate and always gives me the feeling that she will be there when I need her, and she will understand. The most important thing is that she is the best gastroenterology I have met! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	I have seen Dr. Kirimi twice now. She treats me with kindness &amp; offered solutions to a prob that I have been experiencing for a few yrs now since my gallbladder was removed. The &quot;sloppy&quot; surgeon had spilled the contents of the bile in to my body &amp; she felt that there may still be residue or a small stone left over that was the culprit of my pain &amp; RX'd me a medicine to disolve the sediment.  After only a few days of taking that medicine, I no longer have upper abdomen pain which would wake me up in the middle of the night. My other GI dr just told me I had too much stomach acid and to take a pill &amp; offered no other resolution.  I really like her &amp; have recommended her to my friend &amp; to my hubby.  The only thing is sometimes it is hard to hear her because she speaks so softly &amp; because of her accent, so you only need to ask her to speak up &amp; repeat what she just told you.  Then there is NO miscommunication involved.  	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
6	0	I saw doctor Karimi for about a year for a serious GI problem.  She was unable to find the answer but throughout the testing she stressed me out. She told me I had several different things that I did not have; including crohn's and MS. On a Friday she told me I may have colon cancer. Then on Monday, when I saw her again, she asked how my weekend was.  I told her it was stressful and her exact words were, &quot;Why&#63; It's not like you have cancer.&quot; I was floored by this. I thought it was really unprofessional of her to even bring up cancer on a Friday and then treat me like that.  Cancer is a very scary word. Especially since I have an extensive family history of cancer.  I would not recommend her to anyone.  Ever.  	4	3	3	3 	Insurance:Medicare
6	1	Very useful session preparing for routine colonoscopy.  Dr. Karimi did a complete history and we found that I had an additional gastro problem that needed to be treated to prevent long term effects.  I will definitely go back to see her for any other GI need.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	I have been seeing Dr. Karimi for over 10 years.  She is an amazing Dr. Compassionate, caring, patient. She has helped me through some of the worst times of my life. She is also the only Dr. that hasn't blamed every ailment on my weight. She listens, thinks things through, isn't afraid to order tests. She also is the first to say if she doesn't know about something. She refers out when she's at her limit or even when she thinks someone else will know more. Every member of my family goes to her now due to my great experiences. My father worked his entire career in the medical field (radiology specifically) and he respects Dr. Karimi more than any other Dr. he's met. Anytime someone in the family has something wrong, he says, &quot;Go to Dr. Karimi,&quot; or &quot;What did Dr. Karimi say&#63;&quot; because he knows she knows her stuff.  I can't say enough positive things about her.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	-1	One of the worst experiences I have ever had with a doctor. I honestly felt like she didn't care, she didn't take the time to follow up after appointments or fully explain the results of my test. There is nothing worse than being in pain and looking to a doctor's help and finding none. On one occasion I waited close to 20min, hearing her and other patient giggling. When she finally came in to see me it was all business and at the end of our few minutes together she left the room without even saying goodbye. Her disregard toward me felt personal although there is nothing I can imagine that would have upset her in the short appointments we had. Even if she didn't like me for whatever reason, it is a doctor’s duty to treat each patient fairly and work towards resolving medical issues while provided good bedside manner. I feel that my visits with Dr Karimi were a waste time and money.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
6	1	She is the only doctor who actually cared enough to listen about what was going on with me. She is very knowledgeable about the rare diseases as well. She's wonderful and I would recomment Doctor Karimi to anyone. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	She is the best kids doctor, explaining everything in details to make sense. My kids love her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Best doctor I've ever seen. She takes wonderful care of my son, but also me -- she takes time to ease fears about sleep, food, going back to work ... you name it. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	My kids love Dr. Keller. She always takes time to talk to them and listen. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	He is not on our insurance's preferred provider list so lacks some of the discounts that another dentist would have, but he is awesome.  I will pay the extra cost to have a fantastic dentist because it is worth it to me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Assurant
8	1	Dr. Kadoshima is the VERY BEST dentist anywhere!  We have taken our kids to see him since they were 2!!!  They love to play &quot;Dr. Mark&quot; when we help them brush their teeth at night.  His entire staff is very proffesional, yet very comforting.  I would recommend Dr. K and his staff a million times over to anyone that wants the very best possible care for themselves and their family.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
8	1	He is the best, gentlest, takes the time to listen to you, shows concern ~ Dentist I've ever been too. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	0	I was not impressed with Dr. Keegan. She was my doctor for over a year and I was lead on to believe that she was an OBGYN...up until a few weeks ago (when I finally changed doctors) I found out that she was not an OBGYN but just a GYN. That was something that wasn't shared by the office. She was not helpful in giving me any info that I was looking for and on one occasion was answering my questions while running out the door. Im sure she is a trained professional with years under her belt, I was just not impressed. When looking for a doctor, I usually look for expertise and also a human side - compassion. There was no compassion there. 	4	4	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Dr. Keegan is a great professional.She gives you confidence in yourself.I delivered two healthy baby boys :)Dr.Keegan treats patients  with compassion, dignity and professional care.  Her nursing staff are incredibly helpful and work to make sure any questions or concerns are taken care of in a timely manner as well. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Dr. Keegan is straight forward with no bull. She will tell you how it is and give you options. She is thorough in her explanations and wants to give you the best possible care. I would recommend her to anyone looking for a new OBGYN 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	0	I wasn't impressed, but she could of been having an off day. I personally wish she would of taken my concerns more seriously, but then again, she's the doctor. 	5	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Both my husband &amp; I have been patients of Dr. Kenney's for years. We saw doc after doc until Dr. K diagnosed our problems. He's so knowledgable &amp; is supported by a top notch staff (his nurse Julie is AAA+).  Once my primary hadn't yet recv'd doc's notes from my last visit &amp; I simply called ANW &amp; explained the situation &amp; requested doc K's chart notes be faxed; the report was sent before the med-asst. could even get my vitals charted &amp; she could't believe a specialists' office would act so quickly. I've recommended doc to several &amp; everyone is impressed. In 1993 at 43, I'd given up hope but doc diagnosed me &amp; what a godsend. Many visits later, I've never read derogatory notes in my/spouses files &amp; although it may take time to get in to see him anymore, we wait &amp; count ourselves fortunate when we do, even w/a 2 hr ride ahead of us. His recall is incredible! He's the best, no doubt, I only wish there were more top notch doctors like him across the board.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	Maybe it's just the fact that after seeing many docs, I was sent to him and he figured out what was going on with me...that's why I liked him. However, after research, I see that it is usually is a RA dr. who usually makes the diagnosis for fibromyalgia. I only seen him once, &amp; his staff said since I didn't have RA that I would not follow up with him (though I do have osteoarthritis). It sounds like there's a common theme though...if one doesn't listen to him, or &#63;'s, then he makes sure to doc bad things in ones chart. Guess I might be glad that I only went once. 	5	4	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
11	0	To be fair, Dr. Kinney did seem to be trying to find the source of my AI issues. However, even thought I don't have a firm diagnosis, he insisted that I take a med I was not comfortable with and I had not tolerated well in the past, and which his associate had advised me not to take. I did not say I wouldn't take it, but I did say I had questions about it. When I got his med report I discovered he called me noncompliant, and also he listed several diagnoses he hadn't mentioned to me. He also said he had told me a number of things he never mentioned, so I suppose that is just his standard blurb in every H&P.; Now, 6 months later, I have tried to get a follow-up appointment and there are no openings for 5 months. I requested him because he is supposed to be the &quot;best,&quot; but I feel rather cheated. It is important to me to be part of the decision-making process in my treatment, and to understand what I am dealing with. I feel like this cannot happen with this particular MD. 	4	5	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	I have had a chronic condition (Lupus Nephritis) for over half my life.  The doctor did not listen to any of my concerns and called me a &quot;non-compliant patient&quot; because he was pushing a certain treatment regime that I have done in the past and wasn't too keen on repeating.  It was obvious in his manner that he believed his way to be the only way; this man was definitely on his high horse. When I requested a copy of my medical records and read the report, he had blatantly lied saying that he had informed me of certain risks associated with treatment when he hadn't. He has a big name in Rheumatology, so I assumed he would be a good doctor.  I was highly disappointed and will not be going back. 	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Absolutely the best. Office runs very smoothly and yet is very busy.  Doctors and staff take the time needed and thoroughly check things out.  Wonderful experiences. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	We've been at this practice since 1993 and even though we moved to Redmond, we still go to Dr. Kato and Dr. Mayeno. Kind, considerate, caring, always available. Staff is wonderful. Highly recommend. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Dr. Keller is the best infectious disease MD in this area.  He is a very kind and compassionate person and is very knowlageable in his field. His RN Kathy is the best... her blood draws do not hurt,... and I hate needles!    I cant say enough good things about Dr. Keller.  He's saved my life.  I've recommended him to several friends, all who have been grateful to have him as their MD.  Well worth the waiting time to get an appointment with him. Free parking, short wait time in office, and the bus stops right in front of his office!  Way to go Dr. Keller!  You are the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Very busy doctor, Appointments can take over 2 weeks to get. I've found that getting in early means a faster seeing the doctor time.  The RN Kathy is the greatest for blood draws, never any pain! That's a plus for me 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	I first consulted Dr. Kaplan in 1988 when I wanted a second opinion on the treatment I was receiving at another medical center.  Dr. Kaplan reassured me the treatment was appropriate.  I returned to him several times after that for follow up and referrals to other physicians.  He always gave me good advice and good referrals.  He always returned my phone calls.  Finally, he saved my life when, as a 19 year survivor of the BrCA, I consulted him for a check up.  Something extremely small on a CAT scan cought his eye and he followed it closely with imaging over the next 8 months.  Finally, he referred me to a pulmonologist and surgeon for a possible lung ca.  Those doctors followed me for a few months and finally diagnosed lung CA.  I lost one lobe of my left lung in 2007.  The lesion was still very small.  Without Dr. Kaplan's suspicions and close following, the CA probably would never have been discovered until was too late.  I owe him my life.   JS 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	The best care anywhere! I love Hank and I love he wants to keep me alive! I actually love the whole Swedish experience from Anthony and Angela in reception to the gentle vein pokers in chemo and the upbeat friendly radiation team.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	He has been my doctor for 18 years.  Marvelous in every way.  Compassionate, extensive fund of knowledge.  Answers ALL my questions.  I never mind if I have to wait a bit, for I know he has taken extra time with me when it really mattered.  Cancer needs extra time sometimes.  I tend to make appts. at the beginning of the day.  I recommend him without reservation.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:UPMC
14	1	I trust dr. Kaplan with my life.  He has earned that trust over the seventeen years he has monitored my remission from a rare cancer.  I don't need to know everything about my disease because he does. And, even though I revere his expertise, I also feel that he is my friend.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Wellpoint
14	1	Best doctor in the world - doesn't chat much, but spends time with you when it's necessary and is able to filter out all the other chaos in the clinic. Is totally committed to you from initial appointment to remission. I trusted my life to Hank, and I'd do it again.  Everyone at Swedish Cancer Center from the receptionist to the pet-scan tech is first rate! 	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	0	He's great when you see him in person.  Doesn't want to talk about issues other than remission, even though the quality of life is affected.   He said'you need to just deal weith it&quot; 	3	1	2	3 	Insurance:Pacificare
14	-1	Highly conscientious, but is unable or unwilling to answer common questions or provide patient teaching about care options, or to provide others who will, ESPECIALLY any questions about medication effects other than remission. If you don't want to know much about your cancer and only want reassurance about recommendations, he's a great guy.  	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Dr. Kaplan is the greatest. Not only is he an excellent doc, but a genuinely nice and caring person.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Hank is one of the best doctors i have ever had. He is caring, takes the time to explain his diagnosis and walks you through the medical options you have.  I highly recommend him because i don't know many doctors that devote so much time to their patients 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
14	1	Highly competent and caring, and excellent if you do not want to know much about your disease or treatment options. 		5	2	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Excellent Dr. Kind, caring, compassionate. Knowledgable. Listens, takes his time with you. Makes you feel your input and well-being are important. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	This man does not to work with young children. He has some very serious problems. Do not take your children too him! 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Excellent wisdom tooth extraction.  Knowlegeable explanation beforehand. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	This is a very principled chiropractor.  I highly recommend him to everyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	-1	Her staff does not get back to you at all, terrible doctor that prescribes oxycotin, methdadone, and suboxone to drug dealers, says she take insurance but went in today to get help and her staff said &quot;we dont take any insurance, cash only, wich ranges to $360 to $75 deposit. heard she takes methadone a very killer drug herself... dumb 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Dr. Kary is amazing. The staff is SO nice and helpful. Dr. Kary knows exactly what to fix,and how to get it done. I have been to many chiropractors in Ca. and Wa. Dr. Kary is the best yet. I feel safe with her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Open minded and willing to listen.  Her treatment of me was very helpful. 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	I love Dr.Katsman! He is a very nice person and a professional in his field.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
20	1	Dr. Katsman found out the cause of my problem after other doctors spent months trying.  A year later he did the same for a relative after other doctors could not diagnose the cause of her problem.  I would highly recommend Dr. Katsman to others.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
20	-1	I agree with the above helpful when you can get ahold of him, however he isnt one you will see coming around to your hospital room, while I was admited I saw other people from the same office but didnt seem once in the room. He was at the hospital one time for rounds to perform a colonoscopy but during the 4 weeks that was the only time I saw him. Disapointing really when he was the one I would see in the office.  	2	4	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	0	Good when you can get to him. He is very difficult to get to talk to when you have questions.  	2	4	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	-1	He isn't helpful.  Didn't test, respond overall.  He's just there.  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Aetna
21	-1	His famous last words: &quot;Let's give it another six months and if you aren't doing better, then come back&quot;. He said that for EVERYTHING, never diagnosed anything and had no &quot;answers&quot; to feel better.  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	After seeing several gastros for my two autoimmune liver disorders, I finally found Dr. Kang several years ago. I couldn't be happier with the care I receive from him.  He listens carefully to what I say, invites my participation in my care and is always a pleasure to be with, as is his assistant Sharon.  All my family members go to Dr. Kang when needed.  He's an angel.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	Absolutely the best doctor anyone could ask for.  I've seen Dr. Kang for over 20 years, first for a serious illness and then over the years since for regularly checkups.  He is patient, kind, extremely knowledgable and at the top of his field.  All my relatives see Dr. Kang as well  He is the best!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Dr Kang is the best. He takes his time answering questions and you know he cares about you. I've known him for 15 yrs. He also took wonderful care of my husband who had cancer. I wish I could see him for everything.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	I have had two colonospanies (spell) with Dr. Kang over the last 10 years.  He explains everything that is happening and I feel very at ease and relaxed with him.  I highly recomment Mr Kang.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
22	1	Great gastro doc.  He is personable, patient, listens to detail, and does a great job explaining the treatment he recommends.  I highly recommend him.  Office staff is very nice and helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
22	1	Excellent gastro doctor. Is very thorough and keeps close watch on my problem since major surgery.  I feel very comfortable and confident that my previous condition(pre cancer) will be caught in time if it reoccures.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
22	1	Clearly the best in his field that I have delt with.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	-1	Was transferred to Dr.  Kennel from previous retiring md, not warm or friendly at all, poor bedside manner 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
24	1	Wonderful, knowledgeable, caring! Ob/gyns are notoriously behind schedule because babies seem to have their own agenda. Keep in mind that the patient she has spent extra time with, likely needed it,wouldn't you have wanted her to spend the extra time with you had the roles been reversed&#63;   Ok on to my review.. I waited two months for an appointment too see Dr. K. I had been told by many how great she was and banked on the wait time being worth it. It was. She spent at least an hour with me during my initial consult. When we had came to the decision to have a hysterectomy, she arranged to do a co surgery with my general surgeon who was already planning on taking my gallbladder out. We talked extensively about options, what ifs and I left the office totally comfortable with my choice. She called the night before surgery to see if I had any concerns,she explained everything to my husband afterwards and stopped in to see me again later that afternoon.  She is by far, the best doc,ever! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	-1	I waited in one of the little rooms for her for an hour with my baby, undressed, covered in only one of those little paper sheets.  She came in and then told me she was going to go see another one of her patient and she would be back to see me.  WHAT&#63;!&#63;!  She left and saw the other person first even thought I had been waiting longer.  Lots of excuses of why she was late and why she saw the other person first but she never did say she was sorry.  She really didn't care about me.  I wouldn't expect any different treatment for anyone else. 	3	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	He lied to get me into his office.  I told receptionist I did NOT want surgery, but needed to continue alcohol injections from a DPM who skipped town.  I had 5 injections and needed someone to continue.  He lied to get me in, listened to my story, then told me he won't do the alcohol because it will damage my foot.  Duh, that's the point.  He only wanted to do surgery...LOTS of money in surgery!  That's the only reason he got me in there.  Of course he refunded my money, but no apology.  I received a lame form letter, thus prompting the writing of this review. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Totally awesome doctor. Easy to talk to...never feel rushed. She's Great!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Dr. is very caring and listens to you and is genually ooncerned.  He is extremely knowledgable and does not hesitate to recommend other specialists if needed.  He is excellent in handling complicated cases and takes a conservative approach in his treatment plan.  I can truely say that he is one of, if not the best Dr. that I have had throughout my life which has included living in all parts of the country, east to west and north to south including cities with major medical centers.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	William I found to be a very kind and knowledgeable, I would recommend him to anyone. On the other hand the staff that answers the phones and greets the people in the office are not so good. They must be from the younger generation that simply do not care much about anything.  	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	She is amazing. The staff is nice and really competent. I had a c-section and healed really fast. Shaunie is fantastic.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	Very caring and knowledgable.  Takes time to explain diagnosis in detail and answers all questions in terms the patient can understand. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	 		3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Dr. Katz is good at time management and very personable.  He uses comprehensive blood test results to look for issues that past doctors never investigated such as Vitamin D deficiency.  When an issue is beyond his general practioner expertise he recommends competent specialists.  	4	5	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	Dr. Katz is knowledgeable, helpful and easy to talk with.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
32	-1	I would not recommend this Dr to anyone!  He couldn't answer my questions I had to ask reguarding my Grandfather. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	This is a typical card carrying AMA oncologist that although friendly is simply dispensing the chemotherapy poisons and making a mint.  On my wife's first visit, he rapidly said that her cancer had a poor prognosis without giving us time to even let it soak in.  His staff is pleasant and efficient, but he refuses to acknowledge any alternative therapy or even dietary help.  He simply follows the &quot;protocols&quot; that the drug companies give him.  After a series of treatments, he said the protocol called for a 30 day resting period.  After returning, he said &quot;oh, another month wouldn't make any difference.  BUT, after a CT Scan after that period, he said &quot;Oh, things are much worse.&quot;  While my wife was responding well to the first treatment, I lost her less than 4 months later.  I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND Dr. Kasubhai to anyone.  In fact, if I came down with cancer, I would follow alternative therapies and not consider radiation OR chemotherapy at all.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unicare
33	0	. Poor staff, doctor rushed made several mis diagnoses and is never avialable when you are sick 	2	1	2	3 	Insurance:Tricare
34	1	Dr. Michael Keehn and staff are very professional, caring and friendly. Been seeing him for about 6 years due to an injury at work. I will have to have a little more than maintenance chiropractic and massage for the rest of my life. It's always enjoyable going in to see him. He and his staff are very personable and make you feel welcome besides making you feel instantly better. Thanks Dr. Mike!!! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	The staff in this office was AWFUL! My advice to anyone who chooses this facility be very aware that they will provide services not covered by insurance and then slap you with a surpprise bill before you leave! The worst part about the whole visit is Dr.Karbassi was the one accumulating the charges w/out discussing it with me! 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Friendly staff and caring dentist. Gave me treatment options. The best! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	We've had great experiences with Dr. Keblawi. He's always been very helpful and our kids like him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	He's very friendly but I think has taken on way too many patients.  	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Molina
36	-1	Very friendly physician who works in a very busy (much too busy) practice.  His friendliness doesn't make him a good doctor though.  He has poor follow thru (ie: after moving, I went over records and discovered at least three abnormal findings that were never brought to my attention..) Like someone else mentioned, he would try and reassure my real concerns away...about things that needed to be addressed and looked into.  He was always in a hurry, and so much just fell thru the cracks. We are so thankful our children are no longer under his care.  	4	3	2	2 	Insurance:GHI
36	-1	This man is scary and has poor attention to detail.  I have 2 children that he failed to correctly diagnose and treat on multiple occasion.  One of these children has suffered long term speach issues as a result of not diagnosing multiple ear drum perforations.  This child was also having eating issues as a result of chronic unresolved ear infections.  The pattern was to minimize our concerns and reassure us out the door.  It took demanding a developement check and subsequent ENT and hearing appointments to realize that there was scar tissue from undiagnosed and multiple perforations.  I later lerned that recurring ear infections of this nature make it painful to eat, another complaint of ours was was feeding difficulty and continued low birth weight.  Our concern was regularly minimized and told that it was because he was born small.  Bottom line, my feelings about this doctor are very hostile.  For his sake I hope I never run in to him.  A new doctor in our case was very revealing.  	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:GHI
36	-1	My 3 kids saw Dr. Keblawi for a couple years. He was really good at first, but his care and quality of care declined rapidly. It seemed to be more about how many patients he could see and less about getting to the bottom of recurring issues. We spent alot ot time going to emergency rooms and walk in clinics for recurring issues he should have been pursuing. Now we have a new doctor and our son is finally improving from a condition that he kept saying was a virus. I am not a Doctor, however most kids don't get 12 viruses in a 6 months without the rest of the family getting sick. In addition to this we knew two other people who each had 3 kids from our church. They all left him for other issues. In addition to this it is extremely difficult to get an appointment. When you do get in the appointment is so quick that you will be lucky to get your questions answered. I can say that the staff at Rockwood clinic is very nice, as is Dr. Keblawi. 	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	He comes in very well prepared, the kids like him, he is very concerned, and provides detailed out-patient instructions, plus will go the extra and even stay late to get your child in if he knows its important. He also implements common sense protol in his clinic to try and get as many seen as possible throuout any day.  Awesome 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	We have seen him for the last 14years. As good a family Dr. as one can wish for. Thank you.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	-1	Dr. Kesling nicked my uterine artery during a hysterectomy and left me in the recovery room for about eight hours where I received 6 units of blood and almost died (BP 68/33) before going back into surgery. He told me he was waiting to see if the blood would clot. He also said &quot;I have to catch a baby, but I'll be back to check on you.&quot; I wasn't taken back into surgery until I told the nurse that my feet were numb and could barely breathe--she immediately paged Dr. Kesling. I spent that night in the ICU. This was a terrifying experience, and I would never recommend this doctor to anyone.  		5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	I had a great experience at Dr. Keller's office. I found him to be quite personable and kind. I HATE going to the dentist, but love coming here. He always remembers previous conversations we've had from other exams, which shows me he does listen. For the person who was unhappy because of the appearance of the office, I disagree. Yes, some detail inside is a tad outdated, but at least it's CLEAN and sanitary. I'd be more concerned with that aspect. I moved to Seattle, and wish I could still see Dr. Keller!! I do recommend this DDS to friends/family. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	-1	What a joke this office is.  Always someone new working there.  This guy cant seem to keep his staff.  His office is very old, not to mention so is he.  He shakes when hes working on you mouth.  SCARY!!! .  The dental chair is Yellow from the 1970's and is fuzzy. The first time I was there I thought that his staff forgot to cover this chair, but I don't think thats the case because I returned for another visit and it was again not covered.  It gets worse then this.  There was a ring in the toliet and the floors and base boards were nasty. I picked this Doctor because he belongs to my network but I am so grossed out I cant ever go back.   This guy needs to RETIRE!!! 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
39	1	WOW! what an office.  The doctor is great and the staff is wonderful.  I needed a few fillings and they were able to get me in around my work schedule.  They gave me an estimate of my treatment.  I was surprised that I had no pain during the filling or after.  Everything went so smooth.  I have finally found a dentist that I like seeing.  If your looking for a new dentist Dr Keller is the guy.  Thanks Dr Keller and Staff 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
40	1	Really takes charge and coordinates all treatments needed by all the specialists, I was a mess and needed to be seen by 3 different specialists and no one knew what the plan was until Dr. Kang got involved.  Very pleasant and friendly office! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
40	1	Very pleasant and helpful office, along with knowledgeable doctor. Took the time to explain all the options and spent the time to answer all questions. Treatment was as explained and painless. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Dr. Kelly is a fantastic OB/GYN.  She's very down to earth and caring.  I would not have wanted anyone else to deliver my 2 babies.  With 2 c-sections, my recovery time was almost nothing and I have the tiniest perfect scar.  I even delayed a move out of state because I didn't want to have someone else deliver my baby. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	She was a great doctor!  I felt so comfortable around her and she didn't make me feel stupid for asking any questions.  Very informative and polite. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Dr. Kelly is awesome. She is very clam and answers all your questions, and takes her time when listening to you. I would highly reccomend her to anyone looking for an OB/GYN. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Spectacular Doctor and Staff! I had my third son with her. I had been through a horrible delivery with my last OB, and had a midwife with the first in a military hospital. She is wonderful. I actually look forward to my annual, because of her kind bedside manner.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
42	-1	. Not a good doctor, very poor follow up 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	She was great!  Very helpful and knowledgable and friendly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
44	1	Very good doctor with a great sense of humor. Doctor Karp is skilled in all aspects of medicine and has a lengthy history with an exceptional education.  His staff is professional and caring and the office is comfortable with convenient access. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	I had a tummy tuck by Dr. Karp and he did an excellent job.  He is such a good doctor.  I highly recommend him for tummy tucks. My navel is amazing.  Thank you Dr. Karp even after 6-7 years. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Very happy with my results from breast augmentation surgery. Dr. Karp did a fabulous job and his staff was exceptional.  Would highly recommend them to anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	his prior job was in Washington as a chemical dependency counselor (doctor), at a Longview clinic that prided themselves on getting people off drugs.  However if you have real pain issues which need to be addressed, this is not relevant to him. I suspect &quot;Pain Relief Specialists&quot; in Gresham , Oregon, simply hired him to go through all the patients and drastically cut their medications, which is very unprofessional imo. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Dr. Kestell is a great doctor. Unpretentious, great listener, and very skilled. He was the 3rd specialist I saw, and finally! an answer and treatment. Wonderful 'bedside' manner and easy to talk to. Thank you. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	-1	Obviously he is in it for the money by prioritizing colonoscopy's and endoscopes.  I waited 3 months for office visit as did my father for a follow up. 	1	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Dr. Kestell is the epitome of the term &quot;good doctor.&quot;  He's compassionate, understanding, genuine, and excellent in terms of both knowledge and people skills.  And, since I know a lot of medpros, I hear what they say and no one's ever spoken of him in less than enthusiastically admirable terms.  I don't know how he does it, but as a physician and as a person, he seems practically perfect in every way.  I agree with an already posted comment - he should be cloned.  We could use a whole medical industry of people exactly like him!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	When my gastroenterologist retired, I was skeptical of a new one but Dr. Kestell exceeded every expectation I could have possibly had.  He's intelligent, knowledgable, approachable, flexible; he listens AND hears; and he not only cares for conditions but cares about people.  If cloning were perfected, I'd nominate him to be cloned for the medical industry.   Excellent doc - in every way imaginable! 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
46	1	I was one sick individual,I got my normal life back.Always offered options,never pressured.Very helpful with questions or doubts. Very understanding and compassionate. I would recommend him anytime.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:AARP
46	-1	I was completely misdiagnosed more then once. First, I have a lot of scar tissue and no IBS next I allegedly have a milk protein allergy finally I now have IBS. They preformed a lower and upper GI, a lactose intolerant test, blood work for celiac disorder and a biopsy for that too. Come to find out I had Guardia and I took 7 days of antibiotics and now can eat anything and feel great!!! This I self diagnosed with internet research and a doctor that finally listened to all my symptoms.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	If skill and a caring personality are both important to you in your doctor search, you will appreciate Dr. Kestell.  While he is very straightforward and knowledgeable, he is also very compassionate.  I felt addressed and cared for as an individual rather than as a medical condition or a dollar sign. He was very approachable and not rushed at all. I left his office feeling well-informed and comfortable with the extent of the information I was given.  I highly recommend Dr.  Kestell! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
47	1	Treated me with respect and listened to every thing I had to say.  Did not rush me.  Now my eye doctor for life.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
48	1	My mother had a life threatening complication in her spine (C1-C3) that most doctors attempted to avoid due to risks involved. Dr. Kamson spent weeks preparing for the surgery and readily sought assistance/advice from his colleagues. Due to his commitment to medicine and his patients, Dr. Kamson saved my mothers life--I will forever be grateful to him.  He's a very passionate doctor, and I would highly recommend to anyone in need of orthopedic medical care! 	 12/1/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	I am a college athlete who was injured in my sport and was told I would be sidelined for 6 months at the least. I then saw Dr. Kamson and he performed a procedure on me that worked wonderfully and that helped me return to action in just 3 months.  The other doctors and physicians I saw were amazed by the results from the procedure. Great doctor. Very knowledgeable. 	 10/27/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Great doctor! Might be running late sometimes but i had great results with the disc herniation removal in my lower back. Good staff, the nurses were pretty knowledgeable of the procedure done.     recommend overall .  	 10/14/11	5	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	I had surgery with Dr Kamson 2002 with great results. My leg numbness and back pain went away, and I was able to go back to (light duty) work after one week. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	0	Kamson is an anesthesiologist, not a surgeon. The blurring of this distinction, among other things, got him in trouble in 2006 with the Washington State Medical Commission. which temporarily suspended his practice and then put him &quot;under supervision&quot; for 2 years. One of the conditions of his supervision was that he complete a course in ethics.  This is a matter of public record and was reported in the Seattle newspapers. In 2000, Kamson performed a procedure on my lower back discs which lasted for several months.  It did not work and I got worse, with great pain. I then saw a surgeon who did a minor surgery and that worked.  I was aware that the procedure was not always successful, but Kamson exaggerated the likelihood of success in my case. Kamson was always late for appointments, sometimes hours late. Did not like questions. He was upset when I wanted to consult my doctor about the procedure.  Kamson is talented and very skilled, but these attributes alone don't make a good physician 	 3/5/09	3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	-1	For a pain specialist, Dr.(salutation used loosely) Kamson has no compassion for pain! I've been waiting for 2 months for surgery with no updates as to what's going on. I ran out of pain medication during my wait and was given the run around for 2 1/2 weeks then told I wouldn't be able to get my medication without a &quot;5 minute appointment&quot; with him. Anyone who has seen Dr. Kamson knows the wait time is between 2 and 3 hours. When I asked him to mail me my records because I was going to find a new doctor, he hung up on me. I have yet to receive my records.  The WORST doctor experience I've ever had - and I've had a lot! 	 9/7/08	1	1	1	Insurance:Aetna
48	-1	I find a series of favorable accounts all dated within a close span of time very suspicious. Yes, this Doctor can be very nice and act concerned as long as you have procedures that bring in the big bucks. Oh and he will recommend them whether you really need them or not. Yes, he will give you a very convincing explanation.I'm telling you from personable experience over 4 years this will change abruptly once there are any unsolvable problems or error on his part. He literally threw me out of his office. He WILL alter or lose important records. All my MRI's and Xrays disapeared! Once dismissed, because of his reputation you will be blacklisted by other docotrs!!!!  They don't want to deal with his failures.  Try getting any disability help with no doctor support! 	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
48	-1	Mr. Kamson is NOT a credentialed surgeon.  Click the Wa. State review board actions against him. (at the top of this page) Also, scroll to the bottom of this site and read what others have said previously.  Check King County & Snohomish County court records involving Mr. Kamson before you EVER consider a proceedure by him.  My personal surgery did nothing to help my condition and increased my pain. Instead of requesting another MRI to see what was wrong, he suggested that I have a stimulator implanted.  Be VERY careful, and obtain many opinions (from board certified surgeons) if surgery should be considered.  There is no going back on your decision.  You will have to wait, sometimes for up to 3 hours, for your scheduled appointments with Kamson.  The majority of all his patients (that I saw there) do not speak english, and that concerns me that they are not understanding what is being told them.   Beware!!  Notice his specialty at the top of this page: ANESTHESIOLOGY!!! not surgery! 	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Workers Comp
48	1	Super doctor,I had a spinal cord stimulator put in on May 2007.The doctors were very knowledgeable and nice.These doctors have the cutting edge technology and use it well,very professional.Dr Kamson and dr Massey are the best.I highly recommend the Spinal Institute Northwest in Bothell Wa. Jerry Harrison 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
48	1	I was refered to Dr. Kamson in 2003- he said that with the procedure he uses, I might be able to have a life of playing with my grandchildren- After a cervical procedure in 2003 and listening closely to his instructions I overcame the headaches and no pain to my neck- Recently I just found out that before surgery my spinal cord was not centered in the fluid and now it looks better. In 2004 I recieved a lowback surgery where I was told I would not be able to bend from the waist and cheerkicks-- Upon leaving his surgery center I went home and proceed to follow his instructions of icin my back for 10 days 24 hours-- to this day I have no scare tissue build up and I do the things that amaze me and Dr Kamson. I was told I woud never be able to bend from the waist I do that without pain- also not to kick above my waist I am able to jump off trailers woithout any interuption to my movement. As for any medication I barely used it-- only after surgery to sleep the first 10 days. 	4	3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
48	-1	It was one of the worst experiences ever. I had two physicians see me. the first was an asian dr, forgot the name. He was constantly stuttering and seemed so un educated and frankly just made me nervous! Soon Kamson came in to discuss my problem. Stated that only surgery will be the answer, wanted to do an endoscopic discectomy on my low back which hurt from a ski accident. I went to a chiropractor a day after this appointment and he just said i had a few pulled muscles and nothing wrong with my disks or spine. the staff was loud and the girl up front had a thick accent i could not understand. i was also asked to pay my deductbile up front!! i never had been asked that before!!! I was given so much paperwork to do that its ridiculous!! and a electronic test which seemed more psychiatric then spine related. Their office is nice and looks really expensive. I am not surprised if appointments are so expensive here just to pay for the office. my advice is do not try this: 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
48	-1	Lost all mt MRI's he insisted had to be kept there. Other records destroyed, Billing - good thing I know Business Accoiunting. Bills already paid reappear a year later. A lot of double billing too. Also does unnecesary tests to see if you need surgery in his Surgery Center. I had a sore neck , he gave me a Back Discogram. 	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
48	-1	I too was operated on in 2001 after the discogram supposedly read 3 levels needed to be fixed. He later admitted they found out later 3-level didn't work. I am after all this pain trying to get on Disability. I too lost a job of 25 years due to needing to be reclined or on ice to maintain any comfort. He wanted to see me after 90 days, when I got there and waited..he rambled on and on about himself and why was I there, then I heard &quot;not to bother his staff anymore about prescriptions, etc&quot;. He has you on so many meds then cuts you off. He billed over $40,000 then a year later he comes up with another bill for an additional $30,000+ for facility use. I had to find another doctor and has since been on narcotics every 3 1/2 hours and can't stand for more than 5 minutes and leaning forward is out of the question. In the beginning he and the assistant were so excited how they could &quot;fix&quot; my lower back pain when nobody else could. I am worse off than before and all savings are gone. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
48	-1	Thank goodness his reign of terror has been interupted. He's an anethesilogist - not a surgeon. Unfortunately anyone with a MD can do these procedures. It is Spine surgery! I was told it was safe to do over abnd over again - and due being increasingly worse after each surgery - told to do another surgery. He works with a LA neurosurgeon and between the 2 of them my savings is wiped out and they now have a lien on my property after the insurance comapny refused to pay for the last surgery.I'm now disabled after losing my job of 21 years. He personally kicked me out of his office after exhausting all possible money making procedures. He and the LA docor kept me in the dark as to what transpired during surgeries - finally all I could see was the PA and he said he knew nothing. He tells you not to seek any other opinion since these doctors misunderstand his work and will mislead you into complicated cripling surgeries - and he didn't&#63;!&#63; To make things worse no other doctor will treat me. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
48	-1	I wrote a complaint to the Quality Assurance Board in 2001 following treatments he gave me to help my cervical / shoulder problem following an accident,he did not explain the risks of the procedure or even how much steroid medicine he was giving me. My first treatment you could have scraped me off the ceiling when he inserted needles into the sides of my neck with no pain IV. then yelled at me not to move. That evening when I developed a horrible rash, and couldn't lift my head off a pillow, he did not answer my pleas for help. I broke out in a rash. His 4 treatments cost my auto company, health insurance & settlement over $44,000. It was not uncommon for his medical bills to exceed the liability limits on the insurance policy so he was paid,and the client was ripped off. Shame on him, $44,000 exceeded my 2 orthoscopic shoulder surgeries, MRI, physical therapy, neurologist, Overlake Hospital. I have thyroid problems brought on by the Steroid's and still to this day have neck problems! 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
48	-1	Surgery in 2004 to implant spinal stimulator. He put the unit in the wrong place too close to my spine, I could never lay on my back. After an auto accident, I was in unbelievable pain and Kamson would not even see me for an appointment; he said it &quot;was not his problem.&quot; The Doctor that finally treated me, said the stimulator had to be immediately repositioned, and could not understand why it was there in the first place, that nobody ever put them that close to a patient's spine. He could not believe Kamson had refused to see me, and said it was a &quot;breech of ethics.&quot; Kamson has had his State license temporarily suspended pending an investigation, and when I called the State to request the complaint forms, they told me the phone had been ringing steadily all day, with other patients asking for the complaint forms. His license should be revoked - and he should not be allowed to practice medicine ANYWHERE. I do not know if I will ever recover completly from his incompetence. 	 11/12/06		1	1	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	He is exellent in term of surgery, at least now he is good. He probably does 200 cases a year. Over past 7 years, 1400 at very least. Complication is rarely at least now. compared with other spine surgeon not bad at all. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	-1	I agree with all comments above. Dr. Kamson is rude and arrogant. I had cervical surgery in '03 and my neck has never been the same. When challenged on current conditions of pain he ignores them and disregards it. Passes the patient on to his P.A. I'm so glad the light has been spotlighted on his misdiagnosis of true trained medical career. And, yes I have waited 3 hours for an appointment also. The assembly line has finally been stopped for Kamson! 		1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
48	-1	This Doctor finally had his License to practice pulled in WA state for unnecessary procedures and harm done to patients 		1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
48	-1	Ditto on previous comments. I've routinely waited hours only to see his PA and get no answers or medical information I know is incorrect. He is rude and arrogant when crossed. Treatment and tests are scheduled at his facility and very expensive - especially his MEDX program. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
48	-1	Very poor service, mis-diagnosis, runs the office like an assembly line. Everything is an angle to make money 		1	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
48	0	Dr Kamson is nice, his staff in the operating room is good and helpful. Admitting nurse is the best ever. Front office staff can be short and spend more time talking amongst themselves then helping patients. Dr Kamson is NEVER on time and leaves patients waiting at every appointment. Likes things done his way or no way, and when you question him he gets upset 		1	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	My 3 children saw him when they were young now my 3 grandchildren see him.  I HIGHLY recommend him!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	good doctor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	Dr Keizur keeps up with the latest information in his specialty and he does know what he is doing.  I would not hesitate to go to his office again for prostate and urinary problems.  He can come across as abrasive, but I don't care, since he is very competent.  	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:Medicare
51	1	Dr.Craig has been seeing me for a couple weeks now because of a upper back and neck pain and I couldn't be happier with the improvements I've made so far with his help.  I haven't seen the other doctors at Midway Chiropractic, but they are always very friendly. My family has known Dr.Craig for years and I would refer anyone to this office.   Amazing experience, very helpful.  :-)   Nicole W 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	. Best doctor I have ever had! Very caring like family takes the time to help YOU! Great employees comfortable environment 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
51	1	they are the best at what they do. i go in they work on my back && walk out feeling better than ever. the massage there are to die for releases stress. i would not go nowhere else but midway chiropractic. the doctors there are 5 star they know what there doing. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	I woke up one morning and had a shoting pain going from my back all the way down my leg.  I am a very healthy guy and have never experienced this much pain before.  I managed to get up and go to work but within the hour I was hobbling out the building.  I am a Veteran and went to the VA.  They did some nerve induction therapy which did nothing at all to relieve the condition or pain.  I visited this clinic because it was close to my house and from the moment I walked in, I was greeted by friendly staff.  I was called in within 10 minutes, given and xray and diagnosed within 20.  I was given chiropractic care that day and scheduled for three weekly session and within one week, the pain was managable.  Within 1 month, it was non-existant.  I have to say, Dr Kagetsu is absolutely one of the TOP Chiropractor's in this State.  I would choose no other.  There was no price gouging and inflated treatment request.  Just an accurate assessment of my condition and treatment.  Excellent!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	Dr. Kagetsu has cared for my spine during the past 9 years.  He is an excellent chiropractor and human being.  He cares for the total person, takes time to listen, takes great care writing correct notation, in order to help a person.  I had a work injury, and if not for Dr. Kagetsu, I do not believe I would have gotten the correct treatment, the correct diagnosis, via MRI, and his &quot;in office&quot; physical eval. I am so pleased that this doctor, stood up for me, so that I could get the correct diagnosis, when &quot;Work Injury doctors&quot; tried to wash their hands of my injury, physical disability, and curry the employer.  Dr. Kagetsu was, and continues to be more interested in helping a person with a disabling spine injury, get the best treatment, diagnosis, and follow-up for as healthy a future/recovery as possible. I would give him 100 stars if I could.   His treatment and personhood helped me heal emotionally from this physical trauma, which in term helped me heal/adjust to my spine disability 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
51	1	Excellent Dr! I was in very bad shape when I went in there. For the first time in years, the pain cycle in my head was broken. His treatment on my back and legs have helped keep my out of a wheelchair.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
52	1	. wonderful doctor talks in laymans terms very nice office staff is also very helpful dr comes out to waiting room to greet you can not recommend him enough 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
53	0	The service is fine. The staff is mostly fine. This office is very unfriendly to families. I was invited by the receptionist to take my children elsewhere. 	1	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Very polite and pleasant. Excellent bedside manners! Took time to listen ..would recommend her to anyone!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	If you want results this is the Doctor to see. He is experienced, and has a lot of good information. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Excellent surgeon.  Very fast recovery time, little pain.  Highly recommend.  Staff helpful, knowledgeable.  I was a new, out of town patient and they very accommodating.  Dr. Khalfayan clearly knows his business and was interested in my outcome.  I would return to his care in the future if needed.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	-1	Both the Medical and Dental offices in this company have left my either in pain or have given me answers that have been proven false by other MD's. The ladies at the front desk are helpful and nice, but the Doctors seem unable to perform minor tasks such as fillings and physical health exams. I would never ever visit them again, and will make a point to let others know of their lack of knowledge in the medical field. Two thumbs down for this company 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	A kind gentle and very caring and professional man. Always keeps up with the latest treatments and works with the patient.  Always see's me as a person not as a set of symptoms! Really nice guy 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	Smart doctor who actually listens to his patients and is truly helpful.  Highly recommend him. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	0	I once questioned this doctor's advice that I come in after a blood test...wherein he asked why I was there because the test was normal.  He was cool and distant to me in later visits.  Later, on another visit to check a finger that I had just crushed, he told me that the xray said that I had severe osteoporosis!!!  I was too shocked to answer.  I can't imagine going back...ever. 	5	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Very friendly, thorough.  Welcomes questions & gives suggested course for treatment & alternatives.  Discusses concerns.  Good at answering questions via email - answers quickly.  Only 1 physician in this office.  It can get crazy at times, but he always apologizing when patients have to wait.  Often can get appointments with short notice.  Doesn't take appointments on Wednesdays & late afternoons of Friday.  Often takes his own after-hours calls.  This guy is great with folks of all ages.  Even my teenagers like him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	Found Dr. Kennedy to be very concientious.  However, trying to get a messge to him or get a copy of my Rx has been a nightmare.  Always connected to a nurse/assistant who NEVER returns calls...never a &quot;live&quot; person.  Have made 3 attempts so far with no results and have even had the pharmacy fax them.  I think this is really bad client service.  Never had this kind of problem with any other provider.  	2	3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	My mom and dad had dr Kennedy as their cardiologist. My oldest son has heart issues and it's nice to know he knows our history. Beyond that we've been self pay and he's been great. I'm a single mom too so it's been tough. He's caring, concerned, intelligent, has a good bedside manner and will go the extra mile for you!  His nurse Lyanne* is worth more than she'll ever know! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	0	No Comment. 		3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
60	-1	First of all Dr. Kellert is mainly a OBGyn, or so she says. She delivered my first child, and we were happy with her performance. We went in for our second pregnancy and things were very different. This one was harder,  and she always seemed annoyed to see us. 2 months in I had bleeding, called the office and she did not call me back at all, in fact had a nurse call back 6 hours later... scary for a pregnant mom! 3 months in I had bad sciatic pain, normal, said the nurses, as she does not call back. I went in and she did not seem to believe how much pain I was in and blew me off. She prescribed Tylenol and told me to go home. 4 months in, I was in screaming agony and she basically threw up her hands and said I don't know how to help. Now after MRI's, CT scans, bone scans and more it turns out I a tumor in my sciatic which look like cancer. I called to let her know last week, and she still has not called back...I won't hold my breath.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	For 15 years I have only the very best attention and care from Dr Kern.   Absolutely first class 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
61	-1	I think that the doctor performed surgery on me that was not neccessary by taking very small biopsies. When i went to another doctor for a second opinion this new doctor took a slightly larger biopsy that cut 100% of the cancer and let me avoid an hour surgery, which saved me pain, inconvience, and money. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	Dr.Kahn has been my dr for 6 years. He is a great Dr. He is always there if you need him and has helped me when I didnt have enuf money for help I needed he let me pay payment.Dr kahn is not like the cartel. Im assuming the person the wrote that is someone that doesnt use there meds as percribed. Thanks 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	-1	Although he is great about giving out any drug you want, he treats his business like a drug cartel. Even worse, he shows up at any time he feels like it. Office is closed at random times with no notification. He gets you hooked on meds, forces you to sign contracts so you can't them anywhere else. And on top of that charges outrageous fees. And he leaves the financial side to somebody who lives in another country who never returns phone calls. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	The staff is ridiculous. I've told them they can leave a message on my phone I don't know how many times, and they refuse to do so! It's a constant game of calling each other back!!! SO ANNOYING!!!!! - that is IF they even call you back!!!- Dr K is good- Staff -stupid. 	1	3	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	Dr. Karmali has re-invented primary care.  During the appointment she exudes a positive presence and sits down to LISTEN to you. I never had this kind of experience with any other health practitioner - ALSO, I get a typed personal letter from Dr. Karmali with an overview of my test results and wishing me luck on nursing school. This is &quot;above and beyond&quot; primary care, this is when you know your provider is looking out for you. Exceptional.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
63	1	Dr.Karmali is THE BEST doctor I have had in my 61 years. She gives her time to listen to  an old patient like myself,explains well, treat me like her own family.  She is one of a kind.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	Zahara is one of those doctors that actually takes the time to speak with you and understand you. She is very thorough.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	He is an excellent dentist! Very helpful and patient. He will work with you on what you feel needs to be done first, unless there is a really good reason why you should do it differently. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	Dr Kay is always friendly and prompt. I have only seen his hygenist Larry and he incredibly knowledgable, helpful and always gentle. They take good care to make sure the patient is in great health overall.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
65	-1	After two years of following my research and my disease, Dr. K agreed with my findings and agreed with the research presented - which called for a radical approach to a progressive and potentially deadly condition - but on next visit her composure and personality were that of a different and institutional doctor - no longer willing to fight for my health, instead taking the company line and offering me lots of meds for the *symptoms* of my disease.. but never went after the *disease* itself, knowing from research that it's progressive. She was often late with getting me needed Rx's. Personally I found Dr K to be a nice young woman and easy to talk to before that last visit. Someone in fam practice doesn't expect to get a complicated disease as a case.. I understand that, but she promised to fight for me and broke that promise.  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
66	1	Totally awesome. Perfect in every way.  You can have total trust while under his care.  Unbelievable to have found him, in the mists of such horrid doctors out there.  I only drove 2 hrs to clinic, but would fly cross country for surgery by Dr Keck.  Highest recommendation !!!!!  Seriously! However long it takes or however far you have to travel -this is who you want to perform your surgery!!!!!  My surgery ,which included a tendon graft, is 2yrs old and I still am so thankful to Dr Keck. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	Dr. Keck was a very rude person.  The first appointment he said thAt he needed my records from UW.  After hand delivering those items and at my second appointment, he was late, dud not look at my records or my scans and told me to go to an accupuncturist dismissing.  I felt like he does not care, just wanted the money and never intended to help.   I would Not recommend this doctor for anything! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
66	-1	I had carpal tunnel surgery by Keck. First of all, he sent me back for another EMG,  even though I'd had the test 3 weeks prior, by the same neurologist.  I've waited up to 3 hours past my appointment time for him and staff never offered an explanation why so long until I went up to the front desk and asked.   The surgery center was like an assembly line - surgical staff was icy and in what seemed to me to be in a big hurry to get me out and next patient in. But the surgery worked. 6 weeks after the surgery, I had an accident and reinjured my hand.  He sent me for another EMG and the results showed that the carpal tunnel still there.  Dr. Keck said that carpal tunnel must not have been my problem. If it was, He would have fixed it.  He refused to do anything more for me.  Told me to see someone else. Dr Keck's ego interferes with his ability to be a good doctor in every way. Very condescending, grossly lacking in compassion with the bedside manner of a Kleenix.  	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Workers Comp
66	1	Had new thumb procedure for arthritis, which was well explained and agreed to.  The results were only so so however.  And a larger than expected lump resulted at the thumb joint. I still go to the dr. for cortisone injections.  	3	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	0	The staff at Seattle hand surgery seemed incapable of scheduling appointments in a timely fashion.  There were several overlapping appointments which led to a an extended waiting period, even first thing in the morning.  They were also unwilling to use all diagnostic tools to fully examine my injury and sent me back to full work duty even though I am incapable of doing so.  Get another referral for a different hand clinic.  	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Workers Comp
66	1	I've had several hand surgeries from Dr. Keck and find that the only problem...and it's a BIG one...is his punctuality.  I sometimes waited up to an hour!  I never got in on time. 	3	1	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	I was early for all appointments, often with 'first in the morning' times and still waited at least an hour in the lobby - and waited in the exam rooms. Prepare to spend the balance of your day waiting. I have nothing to say to convince you it's worth the wait.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	Dr Keck is a great hand surgeon. His office staff is some of the worst I've ever seen. Constantly late with little concern of keeping patients informed. Plan on waiting 1 to 2 hours past your scheduled time. 	1	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	very knowledgeable, answers all questions re: technique, etc, makes suggestions as to other things you might do to improve your health 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	0	I had an 11:00 appointmet.  I entered the Dr's. office at 10:58, checked in and was told to sit and wait.  After 20 minites of waiting and having 3 other patients walk in and get taken in after a very short 3 to 8 minute wait while I continued to wait, I got up and asked the recptionist to reschedule me for another day because the Dr. was obviously behind schedule and I could not afford to sit an wait while they took patients in that came in after I did.  I was told that I could see the PA immediatly or continue to wait another 15 minutes to see the Dr.  I said I would see the PA.  I was immediatly led to a back room where a clerk took some information and left the room.  I waited another 15 minutes for the PA to show up.  She never did, so I got up and walked out to the reception room and told the receptioinist that the PA didn't show up and that I would go and find a doctor that would keep their appointments.  I will not go back to Dr. Kageyama.   She should make her late's reschedule 	1	1	1	4 	Insurance:Medicare
68	-1	I cannot recommend North Pacific Dermatology after my initial visit to their Renton office. After a 30 minute drive, I arrived at their office for an 11:30am appointment five minutes late due to traffic.  Once in the office I waited in line while the single receptionist at the front desk was on the phone with another client.  That client was placed on hold while the receptionist helped the next woman in line.  Dr Kageyama and the receptionist then took the next five minutes to help the woman locate an appropriate time for her next visit. During this time, another client in the office was ushered back to their appointment. When the woman finished scheduling her appointment I informed her that I was there for my appointment.  She excused herself and headed back to talk with an associate (I assume the PA).  After she returned I was told that I would have to reschedule. I looked at my cell phone, and it read 11:42am. I didn't bother to argue, politely rescheduled, and left never to return.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
68	-1	I was told when I made the appt that I could only see her for what I mentioned, anything else required another appt.  She spent approx 6 min with me.  Cost over $300 - was looked at and had a skin tag removed - no biopsy was done.  Told me to see a specialist then when I tried to go to one, she denied telling me to do that.  Probably wanted me to pay for another appt.  	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	i HAVE RATHER AN INVOLVED CASE WITH CARDIAC ISSUES AS WELL AS ASTHMA.  HE HAS BEEN IN CONSTANT CONTACT WITH MY PRIMARY DR. AND MY CARDIOLOGIST.  I AM PLEASED.......... SO FAR SO GOOD!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
69	-1	He misdiagnosed my condition.  I was taking the wrong medications as a result. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Excellent specialist: knowledgable, helpful and resourceful. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	This doctor is great. He is so friendly and put my mind at ease even though I came in with a scary case of asthma. He took really good care of me, answered my million questions, and helped me get on a plan where I rarely feel like I even have asthma.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	-1	Total Jerk.Gave me an epidural in his office without using proper procedures.Just used alcohol and injected it DEEP and next to my spine.Caused vaginal bleeding,nausea,dizzines and weakness... and headaches now for 3 weeks.Called him said not his problem!!Beieves other people over his own diagnosis......makes me wondering if he has a clue! 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
70	-1	Does not care about patients.  It takes a long time to get things done. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	wonderful, absolutely perfect, the office ran on time, the hygienist was gentle, and the doctor spent more than enough time with me and listened to all of my questions and answered each of them patiently.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
71	-1	A guy who when making a mistake dosen't care and don't know how to fix it.....stay away or put 1000 questions before starting something with this doctor....  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
72	1	Dr. Kelty has been my OBGYN for over 15 years.  She has been an amazing support through difficult times and has always provided a wealth of knowledge and was extremely patient with my endless questions.  I have never minded waiting if she was running behind, because I knew that would not affect the time she spent with me.  She is simply a doctor that gives every patient the time and care they deserve.  I think that is a quality that is pretty hard to find these days! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	Unlike the other people here, I did not experience a wait longer than 5 minutes. Dr. Kelty performed my first pelvic exam and was very respectful. In addition, I was seeing her for some other issues and she was very knowledgeable on the subject and had many different treatment approaches lined up. Her staff was very friendly and everyone treated me with respect. I would recommend Dr. Kelty to anyone because I had such a positive experience with her. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	0	I like Dr. Kelty as a doctor, I think she's very knowledgeable but her staff is horrible!  I tried to call to reschedule my annual appointment and was told that Dr. Kelty doesn't have time to address any of my concerns and that I would have to set up a separate appointment for that.  Her office staff is just incredibly rude!  If I was like that at my job, I wouldn't have a job. 	1	2	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	-1	Like other responses, Dr. Kelty never met my appointment time. I waited once for over an hour. My biggest concern is that she did a surgery to remove a fibroid tumor (at that time 1 cm) and couldn't find it. She told me that it must not be there and gave me a different diagnosis. Over three years she never checked for it. On year four she noticed it because it was 10 cm. She then told me I needed it removed immediately, that it was probably cancerous, and at 28 that I would need a hysterectomy. She was wrong. It was not cancerous and I found a doctor to remove it without losing my uterus. She could not even tell me where the fibroid was  located. The doctor that did my surgery didn't find any signs of the other conditions she claimed I had. She did other procedures that her nurse even said was unnecessary. Over the time period, she lost a lot of nurses and the last one was unprofessional enough to come into the room, grab some tools while swearing, as I waited 20 plus more minutes.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:GHI
72	0	She's knowledgable, but I've seen her twice and both times she's been really late. The first time she was 15 minutes late, but the second time she was nearly 45 minutes late. I had to sit in the room wearting that awful paper gown and no one ever came in to tell me that she was running behind. 	5	1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
72	0	I would not recommend Dr. Kelty. Every single time I've gone to see her she was at least 20 minutes behind and once I waited an hour past my appointment. At one visit I had a nurse tell me to come find her in about 15 or 20 minutes if she forgot to come back. It's ridiculous. After I had outpatient laproscopic surgery I was unable to get a prescription faxed or called in to a pharmacy to stop my vomitting they told me I had to come in to pick it up. This was after hours of waiting as the doctor was with patients and couldn't take a minute to write me a prescription. She also isn't very personable which isn't the biggest deal but I consider it to be a negative characteristic for a doctor. 	1	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	. Excellent service, good patient care, good communication 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	Dr. Kaine is awesome. He is great with teen agers. He truly cares about you. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	Excellent doctor.  Wish everyone would have a doctor with this much compassion.  A very personable and professional doctor who really cares about his patients. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	I am overall pretty happy with her service. I am comfertable around her, and she is extremiley nice and careing. waiting time is long sometimes, and i normally do get a response from her the same day i call,the staff is very nice. overall everything is good. Dont really have anything to complain about.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
76	-1	she doesn't make me feel comfortable. she is over controlling about unnecessary things, reschedules you to come in multiple times to get very small things done. this costs me more because i have to pay for a new visit each time, in addition to the minor procedure. to get something even as small as a note from her, it takes repeated trips, and follow ups on my end that are completely unnecessary. I can't trust her or the office to take care of me, that is why I changed doctor offices completely. I suffered immensely and was not taken care of there. She was terrible.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Molina
76	-1	she's usually over booked. she's controlling when it comes to referrals, even when its been ordered by another doctor in the same office and another doctor at an urgent care. It takes too long to get in touch with her, you're on hold at the front desk for 20 minutes before they even know what you need. By the time you tell them, you're told she will call you back when she can. If you miss her call, there is no number to return it, it starts the process over again. Communication is difficult with her and the office. They communicate between sticky notes.  	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	1	Dr. Kerr is an amazing man with patience, hard work, and a copasthetic attitude.  He puts you and your needs first always, no matter what.  He made having my first child a once in a lifetime experience that was positive an unforgettable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	-1	Worst bedside manner ever. Better off at the ER 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
79	0	I went to see Dr. Kanter for the first time recently for weight management. I waited an hour to meet with him and was shocked that no one ever communicated a single word to me regarding their lack of organization or tardiness. Their attitude (including Dr. Kanter) was that they didn't really care as they have enough business so they don't have to treat people with fundamental respect by simply communicating (as that would require accountability) and even an apology for being late. It gets better...    During my meeting with Dr. Kanter there was no apology, no introductory handshake, nothing. He came in and sat down and never looked up once. I have spent 15 years in the medical field and as in any other field there are some really amazing health care professionals out there, as well as a few that you wonder why they chose to &quot;help&quot; people as a profession. Simply stated, I would not recommend him.... 	2	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	I didn't start out being very impressed with this docutor as my 1st appointment was cancelled without my knowledge and my 2nd appointment ran 1/2 hour late and my 3rd appointment 1 hour late.  I now know to call ahead to find out how far behind he might be running.  I have an unusual problem and have been to multiple doctors beforee seeing Dr. Kanter.  He was able to diagnose and treat me.  I'm doing great now thanks to him.  He listens and actively answers my questions.   He is heavily booked and tends to run late so bring a book! 	3	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	-1	I wondered about coming here when they requested a credit card before they would make my 1st apt. Then they sent me some notes with the very first paragraph all about missed apt fees. $250.00 if a 1st time patient doesn't cancel with 48 business hours notice....  Dr Kanter never asked why I was there. He asked questions &amp; hurried my answers. When I tried to ask a question, he put his hand in front of my face and said he needed to focus! He then rushed out. 	5	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	I made an appointment today on 6/8 @ 10:30am with Shawna at Dr Cantors office...very helpful and made an appt for 6/22. three hours later the office whatever &quot;Stephanie&quot; called my boyfriend to say they were not taking any new patients&#63;Does this make any sense&#63; My belief is that this is a personal issue of Stephanies, and Dr Cantor needs to be informed of this.  Thanks Cheryl Greeny 	3	1	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	-1	I was ffiteen minutes early for my appointment, however I had to wait thirty mionutes past my appointment, befor I was seen.  He asked questions, for which he had the answers in front of him. Then he charged my insurance company $466.00. I have to pay him $79.00 of that bill.  How can I trust a Doctor that thinks this is ok&#63; 	4	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	1	I was told I my have to wait and I DID, I brought a book like they said in their reminder call and when I arrived, they said Dr Kanter was running behind. I waited about an hour after my appointment time to get into a room. (My friend said I would) I wasn't happy until I left mu appointment and I KNEW just what to do, how to do it, when to do it and WHY! I have NEVER had such a thourough physician! Dr Kanter was AMAZING! I now KNOW what to do to take care of MYSELF! MY face to face time with Dr. Kanter was THREE HOURS!I KNEW someone else MUST be late because of me so when I was leaving I stopped at the next room and looked in. I told the woman sitting there I was sorry but that I was the reason she had had to wait so long. She just said to me..... Dr Kanter ALWAYS cares more about ME than the CLOCK! I never mind having to wait to stay healthy! I WILL ALWAYS recommend Dr. Kanter ... with a warning.... BRING A BOOK AND YOUR PATIENCE!!! THANK YOU DR.  KANTER 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
80	1	Good Doctor, but office is dirty and paper covering on office beds are not changed. I don't believe this office is sanitary. 	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
80	-1	Dr. Koa insists you come back every two weeks for just a dry skin condition.Seems everyone comes back every two weeks for any reason. Very difficult to get out of this revoling door.  Never changes white paper on bed everyone leans on. Hard to understand. Office and patient room seem dirty with so sanitizing between patients.  	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Medicare
81	1	Great staff, nice office atmosphere, Dr. Kae is easy going, knowledgeable, very caring, and most important, very gentle.  O, and he only recommends what is necessary, unlike my last dentist who wanted me to pay for thousands of dollars of cosmetic work.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
82	1	Kafrouni is a thinker, and he stays on your case like it really matters to him as much as it does to you.  He, in my opinion, is a miracle worker, because I am now pain-free after 17 years of anguishing with intense nerve pain, spasticity, and mental stress as a C6 quadriplegic! He is the best! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
83	1	Very knowledgeable &amp; diagnosed a medical condition in 10 min that drs had missed for 29 years.  I feel so much better &amp; am confident in her ability to provide very thorough care.  She's not a big chatter, but I go to her because of her medical knowledge &amp; not to chat about life.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	-1	I first made my appointment for elbow pain, but have many joint problems which began in childhood.  Shortly before my first appointment, I developed severe weakness in my right arm.  She went on to order diagnostic tests of my neck and nerve studies, but never looked at my elbow.  When those tests came back normal, she became hostile and accused me of faking it so I could quit working.  I sought help from another rheumatologists and was found to have a muscle tear as well as a tumor in my elbow.  	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	I had a long wait to get an appointment.  Impressed by thoroughness in getting medical records and imaging results before appointment. Also was able to fill out questionaire before appointment. She took her time and asked individualized questions versus other doctors, just standard form questions.  I had one question and she answered it in more detail than I am usually accustomed to from other doctors.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	-1	I was in the middle of a painful flare-up, and after waiting three months and driving thirty miles to be seen, I arrived for my first appointment with only a debit card.  Nancy herself refused to see me without my copay, so in tears I went out in search of an ATM. I had switched to her hoping to find a compassionate, caring, helpful and informative Rheumie.  She prescribed me medications without describing the side effects, never responded to my concerns about my ever decreasing abilities, and somehow managed to never answer a question I asked.  I was disappointed as well as disheartened with the level of care she offered.  Those with chronic illness are uniquely vulnerable, and she was unable to connect with me as a person.  	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	No dr is worth waiting 1.5 to 2 hrs every single time. Dr Kennedy is nice, bit NOT worth the wait. Plus he didn't even end up delivering my baby. The female dr did, and was way nice! 	5	1	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	I was told by the staff at the hospital that DR Kennedy is the best and that's who most the head nurses used. My dad is a paramedic for S. Kitsap and called to ask them who they recomend. I have heard that he has saved many lives, new borns and moms alike from random people that I have spoke to. He is not always on time but it's worth the wait. I had a crying break down from being frusterated with my 2 year old while I was there last week and he was so nice and just gave me his full attention and encouraging words. With my first pregnancy I had to be induced because of pre-eclampsia. After it didn't take he explained he wanted to send me home other wise if they kept going with the treatment he would most likely have to give me a c-section, he gave me the option, instead of taking the easy way out that a lot of DR's do and just doing surgery. DR Kennedy and his staff are amazing. I have never, ever left there feeling dissapointed. I'm now 7 months and going to him with my 2nd:) 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	-1	Dr. Kennedy was the worse medical experience I have ever had. He was always 1.5-2 hrs late for appts and was never apologetic. I had heart conditions, and medicine that needed to be monitored and he flat out said he was happy to prescribe them but not monitor them. When confronted with the lack of care from his nurse, and Medical assistant he was immediately offended, started shaking and even mocked my person before he got up and said he refused to provide myself or my baby with care. I was later discharged from his practice with no reason given. I did not use foul language or raise my voice to him, but simply said I am not happy with the care your team has provided. (Not returning phone calls, prescribing medication without giving a reason or telling me what it was for...Which he later said was the pharmacists job.) When I finally ever did get into the office he did not give me the time I deserved to answer my questions, after waiting for almost two hours. DO NOT GO TO THIS DOCTOR. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	I have been going to Dr. Kennedy for many years.  He has always been kind and helpful.  Have recommended him often! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	Dr. Kennedy is great! I had him for my prenatal care appointments and he assisted during the birth of my son. He is open to varying personal beliefs about child birth. I felt very comfortable with him. He does take his time with his patience to make sure all their questions are answered, so this may be the reason that punctuality is lacking. I highly recommend going to Dr.  Kennedy! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
84	1	. I love doctor Kennedy!  He delivered both of my babies, gave excellent advice during my pregnancies and even gave my HUSBAND medical advice since he was with me one day!  I see him at church, too! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	-1	Go to ANY other doctor. Dr. Glen Christen in the same building is WAY better. Do NOT NOT NOT let Dr. Kennedy operate on you. I've had chronic pain ever since he operated on me over two years ago. He's ALWAYS at least an hour and a half late and was completely unwilling to continue helping me after the pain persisted- probably because he figured it was his fault.  	4	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	Dr. Kennedy was excellant in his care and attendance to us during the pregnancy, during , delivery and during follow up treatment after complications with a c section. WE had absolutely no reserves putting our only child that we waited years to concieve into his competent hands... And were far beyond pleased with the care he took with us! We also would like to mention his professionalism and ethics . He is a awesome obstercian and person. And we cannot recommend him highly enough. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	Dr. Kennedy is terrific! He is very knowledgeable and takes the time to explain anything and everything to his patients--which likely is why promptness is not one of his strong suits. He delivered both of my babies and took excellent care of me when I developed pre-eclampsia. I cannot speak highly enough of this man. He is a fantastic doctor and person. 		2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	He asked me to wear makeup and a dress to my next session and to basically &quot;buck up.&quot; He made me very uncomfortable and more depressed than ever. 		5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	He doesn't mess around. I like that in a doctor. 		5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	-1	she seems to busy to listen and cuts you off as you are telling her the symptoms you are suffering from. She will stop you mid sentence, walk out of the room, and her nurse (who is very nice and keeps things running smothly)appears to give you a perscription or whatever....but basically she cannot handle more than one medical problem at a time. which does not work well with complicated diseases like conective tissue diseases/R.A./Lupus/ect...doesn't believe you and tends to &quot;dismiss&quot; alot of your symptoms as &quot;In Your Head&quot; if she does not know about them Insted of just saying..i dont know. this has caused problems as New Dr.s read this and stop giving me the real care I desprately need in a crisis situation such as when I have to go into the Hospital . she might be good for someone with just arthritis..her nurse works really hard to make up any shortfalls and keep the place running well...have to give credit where credit is due... 	4	2	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	The absolute best doctor I have had contact with. Listen, cares, and follows up on care. No doctor has ever come close.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
88	1	Was the doctor for all three of my kids gowning up. Always amazing and caring to tell.  Always go above and beyond to help her patients 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	You could not ask for a better pediatrician than Dr. Katsh. She is extremely knowledgeable and never seems rushed. She takes the time to explain things and has an excellent manner with both kids and parents.  We drive an hour to get to her office, and would drive twice that much- she is great! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	Dr. Kain and his assistant T, are 2 of the most amazing doctors I have ever met! They have taken such great care of my son,(who almost lost his arm), they caring and skilled knowledge has giving my son a new outlook on his future. Thank you Dr Kain and T, for being 100% amazing! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	-1	Went to Kain for a 2nd opinion. He was 45 minutes late, rude and self important.  Said &quot;I don't know what is wrong with you&quot;, even though he had MRIs, exrays and surgical reports.  Did not listen to my answers to his questions, and was miffed when my wife dared to ask a question and told her &quot;I'm talking to him&quot;. Kept calling me &quot;guy, and making odd jokes and telling stories about his family. What a waste of time, money and emotion. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	I have had Dr. kain as my doctor for years.  He did a total knee replacement for me, a Laminectomy, and performed disc repair on S-1 S-2 L-3 L-4 L-5. He refered my to another Dr. for ultrasound treatments for Vertible artery Stenosis. At 68, I hike, move and swim better than most kids. He takes the time to be your best Doctor.  He is a miracle worker and a descent, compassionate man.  R.  Gingrich 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
89	-1	I went to Dr. Kain I had a compression fracture and degenerative disks.  I asked him what would cause this and he said&quot;you're just lucky&quot;(his idea of a joke,I didn't think it was very funny 	4	1	1	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
89	-1	Had an appt for ulnar entrapment. He said he asks all his patients 5 questions, have they ever been physically abused, do they have any immediate relatives who are alcoholics, do they have immediate relative who are drug addicts, have they ever been sexually abused.  Based on any positive responses to these questions he said studies have shown the liklihood of any surgery working for these is close to 0.  I do not drink, do drugs, smoke, gamble, beat my children, overeat, etc, etc. Two things...I told him if that's the case I better go home and beat my family since some studies also state that once beated they usually beat (give me a break) and after researching 7 people who have been his patients (3 woman, 4 men), he only asks women these questions.  &quot;But&quot;, he thought he should do surgery on my neck...I don't think so.  We later found out I have double-crush Ulnar nerve entrapment in my arm.  Find a different doc, this one is too stuck on himself.  	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
89	-1	this doctor has something against overweight people and seems to be getting kick backs fromt Weight Watcher.  He stated he would not help my wife unless she lost 100 pounds, which she has already lost 50 and quit smoking.  He was rude and seems to only care about the money he can make. 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
89	0	Didn't really fix my problem, he told me to just tough it out and be a man about it. 10 years later I still have BAD back problems and still suffer from his &quot;fix&quot; on me. Have a personal friend that went to him also and in the end ruined his foot and it later had to be cut off. look for another doctor.  	3	1	2	3 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
89	0	I have been seeing Dr. Kain for almost nine years due to a back injury.  There has always been at least an hour wait and often up to ninety minutes or more.  I would suggest scheduling an appointment when the clinic opens, so you will be the first patient.  	3	1	2	4 	Insurance:Medicare
89	0	This doctor is very knowledgable in his field, but because of his knowledge, he has an over-the-top arrogance and he displays and unhealthy god complex.  He has this statue in his office waiting room that is really creepy: It is a surgeon performing an operation and Jesus is hoving above with his hand on the surgeon's shoulder, as if he has this direct line with the almighty.  He talks down to his patients and is verbally abusive to anyone who questions his treatment or motivations.  Once, he yelled some confidential information at me that the whole office overheard, embarassing me and everyone within earshot.  He is classically late for appointments and I have never been seen on-time at his office.  His on-time average is between a half-hour to an hour late.  If you want someone who can save your life, he can do the job well, but if it is his bedside manner that matters most to you, it would be a word to the wise to look for another doctor.  He just is not a very pleasant person.  	3	1	1	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
89	1	I am a secondary health provider.  I see patients from a lot of surgeons and MD's in my practice.  It is indeed rare to find a surgeon whose patients do not critisize.  Dr. Kain seems to have a great &quot;bedside manor&quot; (his patients seem to love him!), but every surgical outcome I have witnessed has been positive over a span of 5 years. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	I just started seeing Dr. Keller, my boyfriend has been seeing him for years, and we love him. Wonderful work, very gentle, hardly felt it, and he was very kind and friendly. He has cured me of my headaches I've suffered for years with a TMD orthotic (he doesn't like it when I call it a mouthgaurd)  I'd definately recommend him. I have to say, the other negative reviews on here all seem to be SUSPICOULSY SIMILIAR in language&#63; I think it is someone with a personal grundge spreading lies. Whatever, I'm very happy with his work. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	Dr. Keller provided me with the best care I have ever received from a dentist. He took his time to walk me through the procedure before we started which really helped me feel more at ease. He is more than worth the cost. Definitely someone I'll refer me friends to. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	Don't pay attention to the reviews here they are clearly from competing dentists trying to knock down the most popular dentist in the area. I'm a long time patient of Dr. Keller’s and he has always treated my wife and I in a manner that is consistent with his great reputation that led me to him years ago. I brought some of these reviews to Dr. Keller's attention and it was a laughable matter to him because of the outrageousness of the comments. These people should be ashamed of themselves for writing these atrocious things.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
90	1	This Dr. and whole office were the VERY best!!!!I can't even describe how important it was that Dr. Keller was the one to give me my new smile. This is the only dentist I have trusted in 40 years!!!!! Worth the drive and money for such quality. I have moved out of state and there is still no comparison. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	She's a great listener and takes her time with each patient. My only criticism is that she made a referral at my request, but failed to tell me what she was actually referring me for. Any possible diagnosis of my problem was not discussed...I found out what I was actually going to be checked for from the referring doctor's staff. Unfortunately, I'm looking for a new doctor. 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	I have been a patient of hers for a few years now at the Sumner clinic and have always found her to be very knowledgeable and helpful.  She will sit and listen to all of my questions. I never feel like she's got her hand on the door knob waiting to leave.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
91	-1	Won't go back! 	4	4	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	.  	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:Tricare
93	1	I had an ear infection that would not go away. Another specialist told me to ignore it. Dr. Kennedy did surgery on the ear and I got my hearing back.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	-1	The minute I walked into the office the atmosphere did not feel welcoming. I saw this doctor and was not impressed by him or any of his staff. I got a lot of gloom and doom and found the doctor to be very arrogant. By phone, I was given an incorrect diagnosis by a nurse, later changed to the more correct and benign diagnosis the following day when I called with a question. In addition, the expensive antihistamine prescription that was prescribed did not help whatsoever creating more problems than before &amp; eventually I had to return to the OTC medication I was taking before. 	1	5	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
93	-1	This doctor will do surgery when it is not needed.   I cancelled my surgery two days before and was better within a few days without surgery. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	. very competant, sometimes a bit brusque, staff always cordial 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:UPMC
93	1	Dr. Kennedy did paint doom and gloom at first but also was aggressive with testing which I prefer.  He was able to shed some light that no one else had told me about in 4 years of searching and directed me to the right doctor I should see.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
93	1	Office staff have quite a sense of entitlement. If you are going to this doctor, be ready to put up with a staff that feels they are doing you a favor by dealing with you.   Dr Kennedy gave a proper diagnosis and preformed a successful surgery with good results.  	1	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	-1	beware this doctor is doom and gloom ! He will present worst case scenario and quick to schedule procedures with little explanation. Interaction with patients leave little to be desired. I am going for a second opinon. 	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	Dr. Kappelman is friendly and professional. He has been my primary doctor for over a year. I am healthy and so have only been to him a couple of times, but I am quite pleased with the care I have received.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	I am 76 years old, and therefore have seen rather a good number of doctors in my lifetime.  Dr Kappelman is among the very best of these. He is very knowledgeable, extremely competent both with diagnoses and proceedures, and he is a keen listener, who is especially adept at figuring out what it is that his patient is suffering from and what it will take to make it better.  I am fairly well up on the medical issues that affect my health, and always find Dr. Kappelman respectrful, but with some data that are important but which I was unaware of.  I'd recommend him highly.  In my 76 years I've never had a better doctor.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	-1	Dr. Kappelman is both rude and stupid, he proceded to tell me to give my 7 week old baby water ( can't have till 6 months) and then gave tests with no results. He also told me that he would need to do test that turned out to be completly unnessary and is an idiot, told my mother that her swollen feet and legs were just her &quot;ass falling to her feet&quot; it was pre diabetes.. thanks doc! your a real trooper. he should lose his licence! 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	Dr.  Karlin, was very nice, he listened to me and didn't wast my time, he ordered some work and knows what he is talking about very NICE MAN! he knows his profession, he is my new doctor  Thank you 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	Dr. Asha, helped me to conceive my son. She is a very caring person and she loves her patients. Too bad she move away to San Diego. She was there when I lost my twins and she was there when I gave birth to only son. Great doctor!! Dr. Asha God bless you for all that you do 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	Dr. Kamnani problem solves and gets the job done! She is honest and compassionate. She is truly informed and strives to educate. She is the ultimate physician.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
96	1	Being 18 and going to the gynecologist was a scary experience but she made it so much better. Her office staff is super friendly and when I was led back to her office the nurse said that she is known for her gentle touch. We sat and talked in her office for about 15 minutes about my medical history and about any questions or concerns I had. Then it was time to change into the gown, which was cloth! That helped me not feel like a piece of meat. She was very gentle and would tell me what she was about to do. She was open to questions and I felt like I could talk to her.  She is also very interested in holistic medicine and gave me the name of a great acupuncturist who I see for neck pain! 		1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	dr. kersten worked on a torn bicep that i had on easter of 2011. the job was excelent.  and besides the great work that he did, he called me on EASTER to see how i was. thanks doc. a 1-5 rating i would give dr. kersten a 5 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
98	1	Very responsive to patient needs! Flexible office staff re schedualing. Cost reasonable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	0	 	4	4	4	1 	Insurance:Unknown
100	1	A VERY CAREFUL, CONSIDERATE DOCTOR. SHE LISTENED TO ME AND DID NOT MIND WHEN I ASKED QUESTIONS - ALL OF WHICH SHE ANSWERED IN FULL. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
100	1	Sioban knows her trade  and acts decisevly 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
