dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Dr. Nelson was kind and listened well. She had am amazing depth of knowledge and helped me form a treatment plan that I could do, and it worked well for me. I love that she knows other options to help Lyme in addition to &quot;another pill&quot;. 	 8/7/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
1	-1	Worst ND you could possibly have treat you. Thinks she knows everything and really knows nothing is very rude and opinionated.  She claims to have Lyme disease herself if this is the case  she should cure herself before experimenting on others with her witchcraft. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Thank God she is here - FINALLY I have someone who understands what I have been going through and is helping me get through it and beyond it! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	0	Dr. Nelson was helpful in addressing many technical aspects of chronic lyme disease but appeared not to address our concerns on addressing a dual diagnosis of MS along with Lyme.  Specifically, how to manage a coordinated (with other MS neuropathic specialists)approach to managing both conditions, the associated drug treatments and the potential for misscommunication on dealing with potentially powerful and mixed drug treatments.  She was 30 minutes late to a half hour appointment and seemed to take a disliking to our questions and concerns related to a coordinated drug treatment program given we have been on an MS treatment program for several months.  Given the seriousness of the matter, we were perplexed by her 'bedside' manner and wished that the situation had worked out differently. 	4	1	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	She knows what she is doing, I see her not only for the area of expertise she specializes in, I've been so helped by her with my specific health issues that I also choose to see her for general health such as annual exams etc.  I would not trade her for another doc.  Nice to have her at a new location too in which she seems to have more effective and helpful office staff as well as resources in general.  I recommend her services to anyone, whether you fit the areas she specializes in, or even just general medical stuff.  Sometimes she is on time, other times around 15 minutes behind.  This seems to have improved with better backup at her new clinic. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	This woman is AMAZING...she makes it clear when there are needed lifestyle changes.  And she has been 100% spot-on with everything that I have thrown her way.  She has changed my life in only 3 visits.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	I believe my life has now been saved due to Dr. Nelson. She took the &quot;Oath&quot; and fulfilled her promise to heal! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Dr Nelson has an encyclopedic yet practical knowledge of Chronic Lyme Disease and its treatment. I just wish she was an MD rather than a ND. MDs don't know**** about this disease and don't care. Dr. Nelson cares a lot (and is effective), but insurance companies don't honor naturopathy. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Dr. Nelson knows her stuff. She is a Lyme Literate Naturopath. As there are many treatments for Chronic Lyme and alot of controversy surrounding them, I don't always agree with Dr. Nelson. However I respect her and trust her information completely. When I am indecisive between a recommendation that conflicts with her beliefs I am apt to try her approach first. She also has Chronic Lyme herself so has personal experience along with clinical knowledge in fighting this disease. 	4	3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	I had been shopping for a new dentist and already had 2 strikes when I was referred to Dr. Nelson by a co-worker who JUST LOVES HIM!  Seems like he is just getting his own practice up and running so the office isn't the fanciest or most organized.  I was not impressed by his office staff either.  But I was definitely impressed by Dr. Nelson - he seems great!  All I've had so far is a cleaning (which he did himself!) but I am ready to build a dental care plan and long-standing relationship with him.  He was very patient in explaining my x-rays and answering all my questions. 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	0	Very poor service - rude and does not treat everyone the same.  Then they cancel appointments at the last minute because they changed their mind about how they wanted to handle the payments.  The pricing is quite high as well.  The actual dr is nice, but staff is not.  	1	4	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Very nice and thorough. He answered all my questions and was super friendly. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr. Nalty is concerned, helpful, caring and above all, accessible.  She really does care about her patients and WHO they are, not just what they pay, and takes the time with you during appointments.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Dr. Nalty is very personable.  She is very caring and makes you feel like you are the only patient she has.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Nalty's for 20 years. Even though I moved an hour and 40 minutes from where she practices I have kept her for my doctor as well as now my family uses her. She is the best doctor I have ever seen and is well versed in a lot of areas which makes her the best family doctor. She makes herself fully available to me and my family for questions and medical advice.  I would not travel this far to keep her as my doctor if I didn't feel strongly that she is the best there is! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
3	1	She is the best doctor I have ever seen. Spends time with you and explains exactly what you need, very personal. I love her.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
3	1	I am extremely happy w/ Dr. Nalty. She's very personable and knowledgeable. She is willing to work w/ her patients to find common ground, as well as concerned with my satisfaction and comfort in dealing w/ my migrane headaches. It's actually taken me 22 years to find a doctor that's willing to help me find the right combination of preventative medication to control my migranes. I do not have a single bad thing to say about Dr. Nalty.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
4	1	I like Dr. Lucy because she is very honest. If she is not comfortable treating a condition she will send you to the right specialist. During my pregnancy my OB was horrible.  Dr. Lucy cared very much and was able to prescribe the correct medication for me.  She is very patient with people like myself who have multiple medical conditions and depression.  She has also always sent me to great specialists when I have needed them.   She truly cares about her patients!!! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
4	-1	Dr. Nguyen is a no nonsense kind of doctor that talks very very fast.  I was a new patient with Fibromyalgia and she told me she could help me with a couple of refills but that she doesn't deal with Fibromyalgia.  In other words you need to find someone else to help you. 	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	I love Dr. Lucy.  She really cares about her patients, and she is very knowlegable about a variety of medical issues. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	genuinely listens and is willing to try different avenues to help you feel your best. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	I loved having Dr. Norland as my OB. I was TERRIFIED when I had my daughter and she was so supportive. I also really connected with her nurse/assistant and enjoyed my visits with both of them.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	-1	I was looking for a new OBGYN because I wanted to get prgnant and I had a strange ultrasound a couple years back indicating I might have PCOS. I &quot;interviewed&quot; Dr. Norland and she was very upbeat and positive encouraging me that everything will be fine. I wanted to believe her. I had my annual with her and I asked to see the ultrasound of my ovaries. She blew off my request saying everything was fine. I finally went to a fertility doctor because I wasn't having normal cycles and sure enough I have PCOS and it's very obvious on the ultrasound. Dr. Norland didn't even look at it! Would not suggest seeing her if you want someone that's going to listen to you. Plus her nurse is not engaging nice or friendly.  	2	4	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
6	1	Fabulous Doctor!!  I highly recommend Dr. Novia! He is so kind and loves his job!  I had a breast augmentation and couldn't be happier!!  Love love love him!  His staff was gracious, the nurses were beyond helpful and compassionate!  I am so happy that I chose him to do my surgery!  You know right when you meet him that he is a great person in and out!  My husband loved him and he was there for me day and night and the staff is always available and ready to answer any question any time of day!!  Great experience and a great Doctor make for an overall great result!! :)  Thanks so much Dr. Novia for being your best and not just going through the motions!!  You are fabulous! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Dr. Novia is amazing, my procedure turned out better than I could have imagined.. My breast are BEATIFUL... I LOVE THEM AND SO DOES MY HUSBAND. 	 9/29/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	I was fortunate enough to have Dr Novia as my Plastic surgeon after being diagnosed with breast cancer. He did an excellent job and was extremely, knowledgeable confident and caring 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	I have Been seeing Dr. Ng since 1994. I have transferred to other doctors who were closer to my home. I always went back to Dr. NG as i wasn't as satisfied with the other doctors. I have had billing problems with Northgate medical in the past, however they seem to have solved those issues.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
7	1	has been a very Dr.  that I trust for many year and my family really like him 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
7	-1	I have had such limited Service with Dr. NG  My husband was the one that pointed out I need to change doctors. I decided to change to a new doctor within the same clinic Dr. Robyn Madsen and she was so great. Unfortunately she is retired. Be careful when they start you with someone new with less experience. I was a patient of doctor NG's but he rarely seemed to offer good solutions. Sometimes you just get used to the person you're going to and you don't think to make a change. The last straw was in trying to get help for menopausal symptoms (birth control) and he flat out wouldn't perscribe. He asked if I had blood work and I told him I had from a different doctor(not good enough he said!)I remember when I waited 20 minutes for Dr. NG, after that he poked his head in and walked out because I was on my cell. He made me wait another 20 minutes! He later told me if someone is on the phone he moves to the next patient. Well how about a warning first&#63; 	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Dr. Njuguna always is expedient in getting the best treatment available and explaining everything thoroughly threw out the battle of fighting cancer.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	Very knowledgeable - explained everything simply and expertly! Felt that he wanted us to understand everything clearly and we did not feel rushed.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
9	1	. Very caring and accesable 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
10	0	Always late does not listen to patience can't read x rays properly this was l&i; claim 	5	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Takes time to understand your health concerns. Goes the extra mile. Knows her stuff. Easy to relate to and to talk with.  Wouldn't go to anyone else 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	-1	I saw this doctor for a little over a year.  she had me on several different meds and decided she didnt want to see me any longer 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	Dr. Neighbor delivered both of my children. He and his staff are wonderful, warm, professional, and made both birthing experiences terrific.  He actually sat in a corner of my room and dozed while he waited for my birth to progress.  He also has a terrific sense of humor and quick wit so enjoy his quiet nature but don't miss out on that fun side of him! I'd highly recommend Dr. Neighbor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	dr. neighbor is a wonderful, soft spoken, man an i'm excited to have him deliver my 2nd son. he seems very knowledgable, and patient and i have enjoyed having him for my dr.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Molina
12	1	Dr Neighbor delivered all 3 of my children.  He also helped me through 2 miscarriages.  He let me have my births my way.  He is just awesome.  He is a soft spoken...mild mannered Man.  I trust his knowledge and expertise.  His staff is the best too :) 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	This Doctor is great he has been around for a long time.Dr. Neighbor and is staff is understaning & caring.This is a great Doctor you can trust.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Molina
13	1	Dr Ng is very knowledgable send time with his patients and answers questions in a professional manner 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Russ has good hands.  He tries to keep your teeth conservatively, but he is knowledgeable and aware of all the newest techniques and tools. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	hes amazing!He made me feel at ease.  I am new to the area and found him online, i recomend him 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Molina
15	1	Very understanding, never scolded me.  looking forward to seeing him for my third pregnancy! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
15	1	Dr. Nicolov is a great doctor, but the Everett Clinic communication was frustrating. The entire pregnancy I was under the impression that Dr. Nicolov was going to be there for the birth, on the day of the birth I found out this was not the case and we got an on call doctor I had never met before. The nurses also said that I could schedule for Dr. Nicolov to do my son's circumcision done outpt since he was not available for more that a few mins. the day after the birth. This turned out to not be the case and we had to scramble to fine a urologist that would do it. Overall I felt very confident in the knowledge of this doctor, but he wasn't around when it really counted; during/ after the birth.  	2	4	4	5 	Insurance:Aetna
15	1	Dr Nicolov is wonderful.  I have been seeing him for the last 7 years.  I have a medical condition that is fairly common but causes me issues every now and then.  He always remembers who I am and what issues I have going on so that I don't have to review my whole life with him to discuss something simple.  When I had my son 6 years ago I had a bit of a tough time near the end and knowing that I was in his care was a big deal for me.  Although my c-section was unplanned he was there to perform the surgery and the second he was there I was instantly sure everything was going to be okay. For ob/gyn care I won't see anyone else but him.  He is a fabulous doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	A great doctor for your first pregnancy!  He is really patient and he never makes you feel rushed to get out of the room.  He'll stay with you and answer all of your questions.  I refer him to all of my friends.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	-1	I would strongly recommend against using this doctor.  She eventually correctly diagnosed me with Graves Disease, but mistreated me.  My thyroid was 4 times higher than it should have been and I felt horrible, and just wanted to get better.  She gave me no options but I 131 (radioactive Iodine) when my Thyroid levels were extemely high.  This was a huge mistake, because I got very sick and almost went into a Thyroid storm.  I found out later from a different Endocrinologist that you ALWAYS lower the Thyroid level before giving I 131 because I 131 will make your Thyroid level go up anyway.  I feel like this Doctor almost killed me.  I should have known better when the nurse in the nuclear imaging Dept. who gave me my I 131 tried to tell me ,without telling me to wait to get the medication.  She even printed off a bunch of pages on Graves Disease for me because she knew I would get sick.  I found out later from 2 different Dr's that she is know as &quot;Scary Mary&quot;.  	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	I found Dr. Newman very knowledgable and helpful in attaining a perspective on my present haealth.  She is diligent in narrowing down the problems via bloodwork and exams.  I would and have recommended her to others.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	-1	I would caution against using this Doc!  She has scared a number of her patients, including myself.  She is great at reading bloodwork, but when I had a problem, she didn't even order the right bloodwork!  Thank goodness I have another group of docs caring for me at the same time!  Her office staff can be frustrating, and the wait to see her is ridiculous. I strongly suggest finding someone else. 	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Dr. Newman is kind, patient, and very knowledgeable! She was very willing to talk me through everything she was doing, and always made sure I was prepared.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
19	1	8/3/11:I saw Nishimoto for an ankle injury from 10 years ago that’s been getting worse w/time. 10 yrs ago a diff. doc said it was just a bad sprain! Nishimoto told me it had actually broke&now; I’m experiencing arthritis. Nishimoto was very thorough when he explained the issue.  He gave me tips&tricks; to help w/the pain. I will follow his guidelines&visit; him again in 3 weeks. Neither him nor his staff were pushy for me to buy any of the ankle products they showed me. They told me to look for similar ones online. It was comforting they truly care about your finances too! His office is out of network for my ins., but if I do have surgery or anything that will be a financial hit, Nishimoto told me he knows some excellent podiatrists that are in-network for me.  He was very clear that he'd be happy to perform any necessary surgeries, but he wants me to know that if I choose to go in-network he will definitely help me make the right choice as far as surgeons go! I highly recommend Nishimoto! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
20	1	Great visit, Dr Mai took alot of time to ensure my prescription was perfect.  I arrived early and she was able to take me right away.  Will definitely be back next time I need glasses! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Good bedside manner. Dr. Novey is compassionate and knowledgeable and I feel comfortable with him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Very helpful especially with me not having any insurance.  Lots of advice. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	He is the best pediatrician that we have been with. He is caring and also was voted one of Seattle's Top Doctors by Seattle Magazine in 2009. Any concerns that we have he listens and follows up. He doesn't rush us at all. Most of the staff is nice but his male medical assistant can be in a rush sometimes. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	. Dr Norling is great, he is busy but helped me with both knees and I am back for a third visit due to another injury 	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
23	-1	This Doctor does not know what he is talking about. His report has information that has nothing to do with me. He is mixing up his patients information. He said I have high blood pressure when I never had it my whole life. There are plenty other doctors, avoid this one.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
24	1	I went to a number of doctors and neurologists to help with my neck and back pain.  Traction and narcotics made my life hell for over 18 months. Dr. Naini immediately found the problem, and after the surgery I feel great!  A night and day difference.  Dr. Naini saved my life, and I enjoyed every moment with him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	This man did what he described as his 'extensive' films on my spine, which was suspecting to be the cause of the stabbing pain from my neck and all the way down my back. However, after reviewing his detailed and 'extensive' films, Dr. Naini could not find anything wrong with me. So I suffered in pain for another 15 months until Dr. Cole at NW Spine and Sports ordered a simple MRI which clearly showed that my spine had been compressed on 3 different levels. To this day, I still do not know the cause for this and now, its been 8 years since this journey began and I've had 3 surgeries so far, with a 4th scheduled for next month. Yet, I will never forget that it was Dr. Naini whom I sat across from, that sat across from me and told me there was 'absolutely nothing of significance' that he could find to justify the symptoms that I was describing. REALLY&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;  Hmmm.... and although I am glad that he has brought so much relief to so many others,,, I was not meant to be one of them. 	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Dr Naini is the most conscientious Dr. I know, and after two hip surgerys, open heart surgery and general care he's the best.  I had a pituary adenoma (brain tumor) which  he carefully excised during a 12 surgery. It was a tricky operation because I had a fibrous tumor, (difficult to remove)   After the operation I felt so good that I wrongfully over exerted myself, causing the transsphenoidal surgery to lead spinal fluid.   Dr Naini, personnaly met me in the ER to assess my condition.  He promptly attended to me every morning, until I was ready to go.  Contrary to the negative review above, my experince with the nurses at Evergreen confirmed that he is the most conscientious and attentive Dr they know.  Returns all calls promptly and explains the condition thoroughly.  He's a 5+ out of 5.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	dr naini is #1 in my book he treated me like an indavidual not a # and did wonders on my neck surgery.He is a wonderful man and I'm so glad he was the one who performed my last surgery on my neck.I am pain free and amazed at the way he would return my calls if I needed him.Most Dr.dont speak to their patients personally you always speak to their assistance cuz they have no time for you.Not him HE CARES and that is very unusual.HANDS DOWN!! He is the BEST!!  and I've seen many.Thank you Dr Naini Men like you are hard to find.You should be proud!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	DOCTOR NAINI IS ONE OF THE FINEST NEUROSURGEONS THAT I HAVE PERSONAL KNOWLEDGE OF. I WAS IN SO MUCH PAIN WITHIN MY LOWER BACK. HE REVIEWED MY CASE GAVE ME DETAILED INSTRUCTIONS TO FOLLOW.(A HANDOUT THAT HE HAD WRITTEN HIMSELF FOR HIS PATIENTS TO FOLLOW.)HE SPENT AN EXTENDED AMOUNT OF TIME ASKING QUESTIONS REGARDING MY CONDITION AND ABOUT A PREVIOUS OPERATION IN THE SAME AREA.HE SPENT 5 HOURS REPAIRING MY L2,L3,L4AND L5 DISKS.HE CALLED ON ME SEVERAL TIMES A DAY TO  CHANGE MY DRESSINGS. HE CARES ABOUT HIS PATIENTS AND DEVOTES AS MUCH TIME AS REQUIRED TO SEE THAT YOU ARE COMFORTABLE AND FOLLOWING HIS INSTRUCTIONS. I AM FREE OF PAIN FOR THE FIRST TIME IN YEARS AND WISH I HAD FOUND HIM EARLIER. HE IS TRUELY A CREDIT TO HIS PROFESSION .  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
24	0	Dr. Naini was very polite and respectful pre-op.  Post-op was a different story.  I lost 2700 ccs of blood during and within 36 hrs of surgery.  He never told me about this.  He never drew blood work to check CBC or iron stores (even though that quantity of blood is approx. 3/4ths of my complete blood totals).  I was sent home very weak and spent one month at home without any memory of that month.  I was unable to regain my strength until I was given 2 units of blood and IV iron supplements at another hospital.  I was told there that my iron stores were &quot;barely compatible with life.&quot;  X-rays, MRIs and CT scans have shown there is a screw resting on my L5 nerve root.  They also show that the fusion never was successful.  I am having another surgery to fix the mess he made of my back.  I was told by a nurse at Evergreen Medical Ctr. (where he practices) that he is the worst surgeon they have and many doctors won't send their patients to him.   See this man at your own risk!!!! 	5	4	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	Dr. Naini was kind, compassionate and respectful.  After shopping around for the best doctor I'm very satisfied with my decision 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unicare
24	1	Dr. Naini is extremely professional. He makes everything clear and understandable. He is caring and competent. A+ 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	This guy is top notch all the way.  He is somewhat droll in his bedside manner but he's a neurosurgeon so you must expect this.  He is extremely caring and was very patient and available after hours when a call was made about an issue.  The only complaint that I have is that his office staff were not the most pleasant people to deal with.  The billing person took literally WEEKS to return a call.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	Expectional care and concern. Took time before and after surgery with both patient and family. Gave very complete written instruction of how to prepare and follow-up with surgery. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Very good doctor,caring and has lots of empathy to all patients. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Dr. Neary is the nicest, most patient, doctor I have ever had.  She's very knowledgeable and smart.  She also will explain it to you in doctor terms as well as layman's terms. I live in Federal Way and refuse to switch doctors.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	Did an emergency colonoscopy in the hospital.He and his staff were friendly,helpful,caring &amp; informative.Went back for bi-yearly exam as did my husband.We couldn't be more pleased with Dr.Nader and staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	Dr. nader cured my  hep. c he ans his staff were wonderful! i'm 10 yr's clean and alive. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	saw him for 3 minutes and was rushed out of the door. 	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	He has done 2 successful surgeries on my feet to treat plantar fascitis. I was amazed with the results! I've recommended him to neighbors and they have been very pleased.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	. Great, knowlegable, flexible regarding treatment options 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
28	1	Got me in on short notice.  Was helpful and knowledgeable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Dr Nellermoe done surgery on my foot and I couldn't be happier with the results. He is the best and I would recommend him to anybody. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	My first experience with Dr. Nellermoe was in 2010. At that time I had an infection and two ingrown nails which he removed painlessly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
29	-1	While waiting in the waiting room I over heard one of the staff members say she was going to check the obituaries to see who they could cross off their list this week then joked about it. Waited over an hour past my appt. to be put into a room. Then another half hour in the room when I was the only patient in the building. Dr Nguyen was more interested in my proffession than why I was there. He hadn't even looked at my chart prior to my appt. He then told me my case wasn't interesting enough for him to take any more time with me, yet he took the time to tell me that my job was a waste of time and he shouldn't have to pay taxes to support local gov't. He reffered me to the Seattle clinic yet forgot to process the request so I had to call a week later to see why Seattle hadn't called me yet. His nurse said he must have been too busy that day.  Very poor service and would not recommend him to anyone! 	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	very helpful. Good chairside manner.Dr.  Nelson goes above and beyond to make you comfortable 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
31	1	He is the best eye Dr. I have been to, very compassionate and informative!  Great staff as well, I will be taking my whole family here from now on.   :) 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	I drive from Mercer Island to see Dr. Neal, after starting off with him when he used to be in Fairwood before moving to Maple Valley.  He is among the best optometrists I've had.  Visits are always smooth.  He has put me into great contacts, and solved some initial presbyopia issues for me by backing of my prescription. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	I never feel rushed through my appointments. He takes the time to listen and explain. He has taken time out of his day to call me so I didn't have to come into the office. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	I'd lived with a less than ideal rhinoplasty for more than 10 years. After moving and beginning a new life I was ready to have it revised and went to Dr. Naficy based on his reputation. My main concern was tip assymetry with nasal bossae which is a fairly common complication with primary rhinoplasty. After spending all that time and all that money the nasal bossae remains and is barely improved at all; what a complete waste. I ended up having to have a third revision (I flew to NYC) to correct the problem. Furthermore, I wasn't impressed with the level of care and concern by Dr. Naficy and his office. Although I live about 10 minutes from his office, nobody EVER followed through, they honestly didn't seem to care how it turned out in the end once they had the money. Bottom line, if you need a problem solved and are looking for someone with the skills necessary as well as a little bit of caring, LOOK ELSEWHEE; Naficy is a big waste of time and money. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	I never got to see Dr. Nacify because of the women in charge of sceduling consultations:namely Julie Legman. Her and I had been emailing each other trying to get a sceduled time, she was being very accomidating at first. Then one day I called her because she didn't email me back with the final confirmation and another woman took my info, then she said,&quot;It seems like you've been dealing with Julie Legman, let me put you on hold....&quot; Well no one every came back! I called the next day to give them one more chance and they had booked my tenative appointment with someone else! I was shocked. Three things:1.not emailing me back.2.Making me hold till I had no choice but to hang up and 3.booking an appointment time that I had for someone else. I don't know why they were so unproffessional, but it sort of hurt my feelings! Anyway, bad bad front office! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Dr. Nacify is a wonderful caring doctor. I had a facelift done by him a year ago and I am thrilled with the results. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	I managed a plastic surgery office for many years.  When my Dr. closed I had to find a new place to keep up my appearance.  I went to see Dr. Nacify convinced I needed a facelift.  He said I just needed a fat grafting to my face instead to restore a more youthful appearance.  He counseled me to avoid the ‘windswept’ look you see in Hollywood.   I love the outcome; the grooves in my cheeks are gone.  I get botox shots from Sharon.    I am a ‘bleeder’ and she has never left a bruise on my face.  Amazing.  And I love their reward program.  I would recommend Dr. Nacify and his team to anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Dr. Naficy and his staf were EXTREMELY knowledgable and courteous. They are all wonderful at making you feel very comfortable and at ease.  You can't get any better! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	0	I felt like this doctor was only interested in money and not trying to help me. I paid $75 for a consultation and he only spent a few minutes with me. Furthermore, I felt condescended to by the tone he took with me. I told him I did not want botox and was interested in alternatives. He gave me a printed estimate for $12,000 and rushed me out the door. Then, his office continued to contact me by phone and email for months, trying to sell me stuff. I was disappointed and am looking for a different doctor now. 	3	3	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	I highly recommend Dr. Naficy.  3 of my family members including myself have gone to him for a variety of surgery issues that were facial related. His abilities and professionalism make him top of the class. His office staff ensures the procedure is understood, is caring and follows up even for small items like a restalyne shot.  Highly recommended to everyone needing a top notch surgeon. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Excellent staff! Great before and after pictures on internet. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Wow, what a wonderful surgeon.It was found that I had a skin cancer in my face and Dr. Naficy was to operate. I was very nervous and could feel my blood pressure rising. I was prepped for the surgery and the numming injection caused my heart to palpatate. When Dr. Naficy came in to start the proceedure, he noticed that I was whiter than usual and in distress. Right away he raised me up so I could sit up and put a fan on me and turned on music. The coolest thing was that he started singing along with the radio to calm me down and distract me. I was ready to run out the door but after a few minutes, we proceeded with the proceedure and I am cancer free. What a great human being and surgeon. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	This is a wonderful doctor who I whole heartily trust with my face. He does not offer what you don't need and he truly cares. He has done great things for my face and did and does not give me unrealistic expectations. He also has a wonderful staff who I've come to know. I've never cared about any doctor I've ever had in the past until Sam Naficy. I believe he is at the top of his field. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	He is a great doctor. Very helpful and he works fast.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Dr. Nudelman is GREAT!  He has such a calming affect on high strung pregnant ladies!  :)  You cannot help but calm down when you are in his presence.  :) And the staff at Bellegrove has always been efficient and helpful.  I would highly recommend both Dr. Nudelman AND Bellegrove OB/GYN. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Dr. Nudelman is excellent.  We came to him after a horrible obgyn when we were pregnant with our son.  He was very knowledgable, honest, and funny!  Really makes you feel at ease and is excellent at including the father in the process.  I am convinced that anybody who dislikes him wants an answer for everything even if there isnt one and the dr has to make it up.  He will tell you how it is and won't pretend he knows things he does not (for example any dr that says they can tell you will go early or late is taking a wild guess...baby decides when to arrive!) I was able to have a natural delivery even though I was in labor for over 30 hrs with very slow progress.  He didn't push it.  He gave me my options and let me do it my way.  Love love love him! :). Also his staff is incredible!!!  I had some trouble healing after giving birth and was in his office about every 2weeks.  The nurses would always beg to take my son to play with him.   He loved them! And so did I! :) 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	I started to see Dr. Nudleman in 1995 when I was having a specific issue that my own gyno could not diagnose. Long story short, he diagnosed my problem and even went to the extrreme of calling my husband during the  weekend to make sure I was feeling OK and was comfortable. I have been seeing him as my regular gyno ever since. I have had 2 children and have since been through an ablation. He is a wonderful doctor who really knows what he talking about! He takes the extra time and actually cares about his patients. I give him a wonderful recommendation.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	-1	He was ok during my pregnancy. In December 2009, I had the Mirena IUD put in. I liked it at first but eventually I started experiencing side effects including hair loss, ovarian cysts, acne, back pain, weight gain, nausea &amp; headaches.  Once the ovarian cysts started giving me a lot of pain &amp; discomfort, I made the decision to have the IUD removed. It should have been a 15 minute appointment; it was an hour &amp; fifteen minutes of him trying to talk me out of it.  I had thought long &amp; hard about having the IUD removed &amp; I was very sure of my decision.  This is my body &amp; I have the right to choose what I want, ESPECIALLY when it is causing health problems. I did make it clear that the IUD would be coming out and that was that and so FINALLY, he removed it. I was in tears leaving the place.  If you’re looking for someone who wants what is best for you and your body, and who is compassionate and caring and a good listener, then this is not the OBGYN for you.  	5	1	2	2 	Insurance:Aetna
34	1	Dr. Nudelman has been my dr for 6 years and has always exceeded my expectations.  He delivered my 3rd child via C-section and I was very nervous before my surgery, but he made me feel like I was in excellent hands even though my pregnancy was high risk.  Dr. Nudelman always listens to my concerns as a patient and provides honest feedback, recommendations and referrals.  I have never felt rushed during my appointments and I really appreciate the time he takes to answer all of my questions.  He is conscientious and checks out any medical concerns in a thorough manner.  My last OB/GYN was at the Polyclinic and I was shocked when one of her staff told me she had a full 10 minutes allocated for my appointment.  Sometimes appointments with Dr. Nudelman get started a little late, but I never feel rushed out the door so I am more than willing to accept that in light of great medical care.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	I have had a great experience with Dr. Nudelman over the past 7 years. After a friend recommended him, I switched to his care during a difficult early pregnancy. He took a lot of time with me and gave me the facts that I craved and was missing from my previous OBGYN. I eventually miscarried, but Nudelman delivered my healthy twin girls via a C-Section a couple of years later and worked with our perinatologist very early which I think helped me make it to 37 wks for two 7+lbs babies. He was very good at taking extra time with me when I needed it, so I am willing to weather the occasional wait-time at his office. I find him very understanding in emotional situations and willing to go the extra mile for his patients.  	5	3	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	-1	HORRIBLE!!!  Obvious lack of knowledge beyond basic procedures and complete disregard for patient well being.  Was unable to help for my specific situation and didn't even recommend other alternative doctors who would be able to assist.  His hands were shaking during the appointment which was very concerning especially if this was the case during an operation.  Simple procedures, he might be fine but push him beyond the basics and he has a complete personality shift almost as if he has no idea where to begin or what to do - basically gave up!  Would not recommend to anyone! 	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	I was referred to Dr. Nudelman by radiologist Dr. Pierre-Jermome from Overlake due to an urgent bleeding uterine fibroid I've been dealing with for several months.Dr. Nudelman demonstrated no empathy, care of concern for the fact I have been taking 3-4 birth control pills/day to control bleeding; I have been bleeding non-stop for 6 months and have heavy clotting/flooding that wakes me in the middle of the night and forces me to stay on the toilet for hours on end to relieve the clotting/bleeding. He did not know how to view or read the MRI images sent over by the radiologist and took no action to locate the 3 previous Ultrasounds I've had over the past 6 mos to use as a benchmark to determine an appropirat course of action. Unfortunately he showed no concern or interest in helping me out with my urgent situation.All he offered was quit my job, get some sleep, stop the birth control, allow the extensive bleeding to happen &amp; work with a dr. on a long term plan. I'm at a loss for help. 	1	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Dr. Nudelman is the best doctor ever, he is very helpful and has very good knowlege and he listen. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Dr Nudelman is the best doctor i ever had, i never had any problem after my pregnancy. he came and visit me on his day off. he is very caring very kind and he always listen to his patient. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	A very intelligent doctor who went above and beyond.  He sometimes runs late but when I had some difficulties with a miscarriage and two very difficult pregnancies he spent extra time with me and squeezed me in between appointments in times that I needed to see him so I didn't mind waiting extra to see him. He even called me immediately back on a holiday evening when I was having trouble with my pregnancy.  He delivered both of my children and would recommend him to anyone.  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
34	1	Dr Nudelman is an excellent Doctor. He is very patient,knowledgable, listens carefully and spends time with patients.There is no feeling of hurrying up the appointment. He lets you exhaust all your questions and answers them patiently. He prefers doing most examinations and tests himself which isn't the case with most good doctors. I highly recommend Dr Nudelman.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
34	1	Dr. Nudelman is the best Physician I have ever had. I was refered to him by my sister when I was tired having my Anuuals done by a Nurse Practician at a different Dr.'s office. On the 1st visit alone, he found a cyst on my ovary. He monitored it every month and after observing that it was growing significantly, he made the decision to suggest operating. I was only 22 at the time so I was terrified and hesitant about having my ovary operated on. He practically held my hand through the entire process. Took extra time to explain everything to me until I was comfortable enough. He even called me once to answer more questions and I could tell he was driving home...it was around 7:30...PM. He goes beyond and is very knowledgeable. When I expressed I was fearful of the possibility of losing 1 of my ovaries, he reassured me that he would do everything he could to save it, that he would treat me as if it were his own daughter's operation. My ovary is fine now. His nurse is also very kind.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Dr. nudelman delivered my 1st child in 2005 and the expierence that i had with him was the best ever. To this day i still go to his clinic to have my yearly exams just so i can see him he's the best.   Wynter Guzman 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
34	1	Dr. Nudelman delivered our daughter by c-section in January 2008.  I was very scared but he took the time to discuss procedure and putting me at ease.    When I was feeling very blue and worn out after the delivery of our daughter he helped me even more and recommended solutions to the problems.  He is a great doctor. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	I had a c-section with my son in 2005.Dr.Nudleman did a great job.He is a very nice person and a very good doc.He really cares.If you want a good OBY/Gyn than go to him!You can really trust him.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Nudelman is a super OBGYN. I recently gave birth to my first child and my husband and I were very impressed with his care and passion for what he does. ONe of the things that impressed us was the high percentage of his own patients babies he delivers (the highest in the practice). And yes he did deliver our baby on a night when he wasn't even on-call. Both my husband and I both really appreciated the comfort of having our own doctor dilever our baby. He also followed up the next day checking to see how my recovery was going, performed our baby boys circumcision and was just a true professional throughout the process. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Super doctor.He really cares about his patients.The best OB-GYN,I ever had.***** 		2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Not an MD, but still absolutely amazing. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Dr. Nopachai and her staff are very good.  I would recommend joining her if you are looking for a Pediatric Dr.  	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	The best doctor I have had yet. He was really thorough and also had compassion and understanding. He has lots of experience. He was only filling in for another doctor in our state- I wish he was a permanent fixture here. We need more like him.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
38	1	. excellent doctor very nice help treated my feet pains 	 10/15/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
39	1	Dr. Nelson came highly recommended by a friend of mine who is an anesthesiologist.  I have suffered with recurring kidney stones for over 30 years.  Dr. Nelson was very thorough, caring and a good listener.  He suggested several tests that none of my previous urologists have mentioned.  He seemed concerned about resolving my stone problems, rather than just simply treating them.  I would give very high marks....10 out of 10, and would recommend him without hesitation.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
39	-1	Arrogant and rude.  Does not want to listen to patient's concerns.  Has an attitude.  Does not seem to be concerned with patient's discomfort during examinations.  Won't seek treatment from this Doctor again. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	Dr. Nibler is NOT a good physician. He spends very little time with patients and is very COCKY with a bad attitude.  He acts as if he knows everything and is very incompentent! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	When my long time Dr. retired last year, Dr. Quoc Anh Nguyen of Olympia Family and Internal Medicine became my family practitioner. I have found Dr. Nguyen to be the most accessable, caring, and hard-working Dr. I have had the pleasure to know. Recently, my insurance company denied a procedure that both Dr. Nguyen and I thought would be the next rational course for us to take. Let me tell you, Dr. Nguyen fought tooth and nail with my insurance company for them to approve the procedure. He was on the phone for hours fighting for me. There's nothing more important in life than your health. And the fact that there are amazing human beings, in this case my Dr., Dr. Nguyen who put in the time and effort to fight for their fellow brothers and sisters; well there's nothing more comendable, honorable, or touching than that...P.S. I do not like reviews or surveys but felt compelled to do this one. Dr. Nguyen is that good!!! Thank you so much Dr. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	-1	Dr. Nguyen is what's wrong with medicine. I told him i was depressed and wanted counseling, and he instantly prescribed me, a healthy 20 year old, paxil with no suggestion of therapy. I came back six weeks later to tell him i hadnt been taking it, and thought therapy would be more useful, and he once again pushed for the paxil. He at one point offered to give me a list of counselers, but didn't actually do it. He also seemed to be almost happy that I was smoking pot.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	All I can say, is his entire office, staff runs like a well oiled machine! He is professional, knowledgable, curtious, punctual, thorough, and a good listener. His staff is equally efficient and knowlegable in their perspective positions. When I have called with a question, I am connected immediately to whom I need to speak to. They in-turn, promptly talk with  Dr. and call me back the same day, as a rule, long distance, to reply. Everyone from the ladies that greet you at the reception desk to Dr. Nakashima, himself makes his patients feel as though they came to work that day, specifically, because &quot;you&quot; had an appointment! I reccomend him to anyone that I feel could benefit from his knowledge and expertise. I have ALWAYS left his office feeling just a little bit better about things.  In today's world, that's really special 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
43	1	Thanks for the warm service from Dr M.  Nguyen! I had my right eye vision completely blurred and followed his instruction to have a successful surgery last year! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	I had a serious case of Uveitis / Eiritis back in 2002. Dr. Nguyen diagnosed and managed my recovery very well. I especially appreciated the clear way he communicated information about my condition and progress. In his style, he comes across very professional, wears a suit, and yet he can quickly form a personal bond with his patients.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
43	1	Dr. Nguyen is a fantastic doctor who has treated me for diabetic retinopothy.  He came highly recommended by a doctor I saw at Johns-Hopkins in Baltimore.  He has operated on my eyes several times with no pain.  I cannot recommend him highly enough.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	-1	. Does not care about your time, scared my daughter 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	Dr Nguyen is a fabulous doctor. He has an abundance of knowledge in retina. He treats my whole family and we all see well. The proccedures are quick and work well. My uncle sees much better than ever before. I would tell all friends and aquaintances about TT Nguyen. The office staff is abundace of help in getting a timely appointlment.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	-1	ok doctor, Vietnamese staff unknowledgeable 	2	2	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	Dr. Nguyen’s Argon Laser procedure was inappropriate.  My problem was a hemorrhage into the vitreous.  The blood in my eye made it impossible to effectively treat with the Argon Laser.  No one could have seen through the blood in my left eye.  Dr. Nguyen's treatment was in gross error.  If you care about your eyes, don't consider Dr. Nguyen as a credible professional, find someone who cares and has a track record of excellence or at the very least get a second opinion. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Dr. Nguyen (pronounced &quot;Win&quot;) is a great doctor. Yes, he makes you wait a long time, but that's because the group he works with schedules too many people and he is a GREAT doc who takes all the time needed to answer questions and reassure you. He is VERY FAST as a surgeon and I think he is the best surgeon in the Universe. He is a retina specialist, but he also does cataract surgery. He is very caring and has never had a bad outcome because he is very skilled and careful. He is excellent. You will be very happy to entrust your eyesight to him.  		2	5	5 	Insurance:Pacificare
44	0	dr.naibert had his previous practice in montana shut down by the police/dea.he lost his practice due to using himself. he is a paranoid ,controlling,selfish individual who should not be practicing medicine. there are many,many choices and i would strongly urge patients to look elsewhere before they to become a victim of this egomaniacs sick and twisted behavior.save yourself and anyone you truly care about and avoid this quack at all costs. 	 7/5/11	3	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	I think he is very good.  He certainly knows his stuff and really cares about his patients and wants to do the best for them, including helping them to quit smoking! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	Naibert told me if I didn't quit smoking he wasn't going to write me another prescription for my pain control.  Also on one visit he ask if I needed something to help with my constipation, then on next visit he told me just to eat more vegis, there wasn't anything he could do to help relieve my constipation, which is it Naibert&#63; 	2	1	3	5 	Insurance:Providence
44	-1	Dr naibert should have a detox program available when he decides to pull your meds because your tired of his controlling ways. I was ridiculed at every visit for smoking. Something I have done for 38 years. Nobody wants to give them up more than I. He told me if I did not quit he would pull my meds and he did. 400 mg's of morphine a day and 6 #10 percocet. Then i had to stop cold turkey at home. I wouldn't wish this on nobody. Did dr naibert care Hell no. he was no longer getting his kick back from selling his poisons. Very unprofessional. This has nothing to do with your piss test Naibert. 	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	My family has been seing Dr Nguyen for the past 5 yr. He has provided our family with   the very best care.  He is very busy and it can be hard to make appointment but his care for our family has been the best.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
46	1	Excellent communication skills, explains issues in words I understand.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
46	1	I recommend Dr. Nguyen.  He is the family doctor for my husband and my son, and previously for my foster kids.  He is knowledgeable and caring.  He especially has a great manner with kids, really putting them at ease, and adapting his style to the age of the child.  We have a lot of confidence in him.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
46	1	Dr. Nguyen is very personable. He does speak very fast and it can make you feel like you're being a bit rushed. But he's very nice and has been extremely helpful to me. I've had 5 office visits with him. His nursing staff are very nice, but the reception area not so much. He's usually running behind which can be an inconvenience. When i mentioned this to him he said &quot;I know we are, but once you get in here don't we treat you good&#63;&quot;. Which really was true so i had to agree. 	2	2	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	-1	Dr Norquist was rude, didn't answer any of my questions and made me feel stupid for asking them.  I have talked about a sympton for months and when I address it he tells me it is not part of my injury.  I offically started calling other clinics so I never have to go to NWOS again.  No one on their staff is helpful or nice. 	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
47	-1	I had the worst experience,Dr Norquist was rude and had a bad bed side manner. He doesn't care about this patients. All they see is how fast they can get you out of their facility! They just try to get you out as fast as they. I guess the bottom line is that, they try to save some $$$. It's next to impossible to get an appointment, if you do.. I called the pratice Northwest Orthopaedic Specialists for over a week before anyone would even call me back for appt,They were so unorganized!!The doctors throw a prescription at you without giving you a thorough examination. The nurses treat everyone like we have no right to ask any questions!!! I have heard from many people about their negative experiences with the pratice Northwest Orthopaedic Specialists!!! Beware!! 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Dr Nalin and his staff are wonderful.  I love going to see him.  He has introduced me to the water pick and I love the way it makes my teeth feel.  	 2/21/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
48	1	Dr. Nalin and his staff are very professional and helpful. They are both local and effectife and have had a very positive impact on my teeth. 	 2/14/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Dr. Nalin and his staff are kind and courteous during every visit I have had and use the most professional methods of oral care.  	 2/12/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
48	1	Estoy muy contento con mis resultados!! Me encanta ir a la oficina del Dr.Nalin el doctor es muy amable y bueno Las trabajadoras son muy amables tambien. Gracias Dr.Nalin. 	 2/12/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	I had wonderful experiences at Dr.Nalin's office!! They are awesome great staff and Dr.Nalin is the best !! Highly recommend Nalin's Orthodontics to everyone they will love it thank you Nalin Orthodontics :-) 	 2/11/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Very friendly and easy going, made my daughter very comfortable to go there and not nervous. The entire staff is amazing and she is always seen within 5 minutes  of arrival. Dr Nalin is very knowledgeable and explains everything in detail of what is to be done. My daughter started out with getting an expander there and is now on her full mouth of braces and her teeth are looking amazing! We are both very pleased with the results so far - we definitely give Dr Nalin and his staff an A+!! 	 2/8/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	This office is friendly, knowledgeable and professional! Everyone is pleasant and the atmosphere is comfortable. I am so impressed at how well my smile has transformed since I began treatment, and could not be more happy with the customer service.     Their payment plan made everything possible even without me having insurance coverage.     I highly recommend Nalin Orthodontics. 	 1/25/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Both my sons see Dr. Nalin .He and his entire staff are friendly , curteous, and helpful. I would without hesitaion recommend him. 	 1/22/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	My son and daughter are patients of Dr. Nalin.  We were extremely pleased with the staff, the Dr. Nalin.  They were so kind and encouraging to my children.  And their teeth look wonderful!  We often get complimented on their teeth!  I have highly recommended Nalin Orthodontics and will continue to do so. 	 1/19/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Dr. Nalin and his staff are wonderful :)I would recommend him any time, and anywhere to ANYONE :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	We love Dr. Nalin and his staff. Dr. Nalin and his staff are very knowledgeable, professional, friendly as well as caring. This is our second experience with the office. Our daughter's teeth came out beautifully. She has a great functional smile. Now have our son is being treated. I know our results will be the same. We would, and have recommended Dr. Nalin to anyone looking for an orthodontist. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Well organised,prompt,flexible payment plans with no interest. Very Highly recommend this office!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Our family absolutely loves Dr. Nalin &amp; his staff. We would highly recommend him to anyone looking for a wonderful expierence.  Thanks Nunez family! Christina, Jiovanni, Andres! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	. Been going here for 8 years for wisdom tooth removal, and regular check ups 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	-1	While the staff were very nice and helpful, and got me pulled back to a room as soon as possible, Dr. Nguyen himself was ... not.  He dismissed my concern about an exposed root, made fun of me when I said I hadn't seen a cavity on one of my upper teeth, and said I needed to wait a month to see if my pain would resolve.  All in all, not a very good experience.  Would not recommend him to others.  	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
50	1	Dr. Nelson has been my Dr. for several years now and I have followed her to 3 different offices.  She always takes the time to answer all my questions and never makes me feel rushed.  She is very knowledeable and makes me feel very comfortable.  I will follow her anywhere.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	-1	is horrible about returning calls, and refilling or providing ANY prescriptions.  shes very nice in person but otherwise very unhelpful 	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	Knowledgeable, personable and experienced.  Highly recommended! 	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	-1	. would not look at me, he stared at the floor throughout my entire appointment 	3	3	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	Very personable. Takes the time to ask health questions you don't normally think about. Would definitely recommend to family and friends.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
52	0	Have been seeing Dr. Norsen for several years.  Good general practioner.  	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	A Great Doctor. I wish other doctors were as good. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	I had a terrible time with my hormones and got no help from an Ob/Gyn or a nurse practitioner, but Dr. Nordeen listened to me, told me what to expect, and when it did not resolve, he saw me quickly, and he figured out my problem.  What a relief.  He's very kind, listens, and understands women's issues, unlike so many doctors.  My experience with him has been very good and he has helped me more than anyone regarding my health problem.  He's very comfortable and unintimidating.  Nice man.  He's very punctual, too, yet spends plenty of time. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Never had to wait more than 5 minutes in waiting room.  Very profesional and explained every option.  Did not push surgery on me, instead gave me all of the information and gave me time to make my own decision.  Had a Lower Lamonectomy Fusion of L5/S1 with Instramentation and it was a success.  My quality of life is ten times better than before the surgery.   KB 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	. Very good with dealling with my elderly mother, he spent a lot of time making sure she understood what her options were for spine surgery 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	-1	Misdiagnosed my son, lied about findings, caused him great harm. Records reflect his lies yet he refused to correct them or address the situation. Son taken off medication and remained untreated for 3 years because of this awful doctor. 		5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
56	-1	There was significant inconsistency in what was told to my daughter's other treating physician vs. instructions given to us. Treatment protocol seems to differ quite a bit in some areas than what is found at other reputable Epilepsy Centers. The hospital his practice is affiliated with, while being the only Epilepsy Center in CT, is not a Comprehensive Epilepsy Center. 	 12/18/04		2	2	Insurance:Unknown
56	-1	He would tell me one thing, told my doctor a different story. unreachable by phone.  refused to answer questions 		2	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
57	1	Made the pain go away quickly. Made appointment that day and got in. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Great listener 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	Be careful if you decide to go here.  It was my first time and I had a condescending hygienist who felt like she was qualified to diagnose me with periodontal disease.  Dr. Nartea was nice but looked at me only briefly, just enough to visually &quot;confirm&quot; the hygienist's observations.  I am in my mid 20's and have gone to the dentist regularly! The hygienist made me feel as if my old dentist wasn't good enough because he never told me that I had periodontal disease and never treated me for it. They wanted to schedule me for an expensive &quot;treatment&quot; to supposedly save my teeth.  I was skeptical and went to my old dentist for a second opinion.  My dentist did not find any signs of the disease and told me there was no need for the treatment they recommended.  In fact, there was a tartar on one tooth, which he was able to remove with a tool.  Needless to say, I will not be back.  I picked this dentist randomly out of the phone book.  I will stick with my regular dentist from now on. 	2	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	Avoid at all costs! Poor dental skills and unprofessional staff. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	I followed Dr. Ngo from Spanaway, to Puyallup because he is an excellent dentist!!! He is very caring and genuine.  I would recommend him to anyone!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
60	1	He is very patient and personable. My entire family sees Dr. Ngo. No matter what we see Dr. Ngo for he and his staff are always friendly and helpful. We Highly recommend him!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	Every makes you feel comfortable, and important, very on time.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
61	1	We've had cleanings, fillings, veneers, and more and have always been so happy with our experience/results.  The doctor is so personable and caring, and the staff there makes you feel like family.  I recommend Dr. Victor to everyone I know. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	This is definitely the best Dentist I have ever had. His staff is amazing, polite, and warm. And although his receptionist was multi tasking and having to do some many things at one, she still remained cool and collected and helped us out efficiently and effectively. Dr.Nguyen is very personable and funny! His hygenist is very caring and was very gentle. They also make an effort to get to know you.  I felt like I had been going to him for years although it was my first visit! He is an execellent decision in a Dentist! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
61	1	This is the best dentist I have ever had. The entire staff is wonderful. They do a great job of making everyone feel at ease.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
61	1	What a great dentist! He is caring and very knowledgeable. Great apointment times and can usually fit urget patients in. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	Very intelligent doctor who took the time to get to know me and my problem.  Excellent surgeon 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	Came in for a mood disorder and mild seizures. Dr. Neppe recommended a 72 hour at home EEG. He told me I have temporal lobe instability. Started me on Lamictal and half a dozen vitamins. They didn't work, so I stopped the Lamictal and decreased the amount of vitamins due to side effects. I asked to start on Trileptal. He insisted on Tegretol. I refused because of some internet research I had done and he reluctantly prescribed me Trileptal. It effectively controlled my mood instability, but not all of my seizures. Every visit thereafter he lectured me for ~15 min saying I would be 100% cured I had listened on the Tegretol and took all my vitamins. I continuously refused based on side effects. At one point he suggested I would never be cured without listening to him. Dr. Neppe dismissed my idea to see another neurologist for a video EEG. That EEG came back saying my seizures were psychogenic. Now taking Lithium and Trileptal. Feel 100% better. Overall: Good, but needs to learn to listen.  	4	3	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	i too am appalled with the first review.i have been seeing dr neppe for ten years now.i have seen other doctors but he was the only one that acted like he wanted to know what was wrong with me.yes alot of the jargon is confusing but if you stop to ask him what it means he is more than willing to explain.whenever i and everyone else i know go to the doctor for anything they spend two seconds with you,diagnose you without taking a test and treat you with something that doesnt work and ends up costing money.dr neppe is the only doctor ive ever been to that gives you every blood test under the sun to see if you have a vitamin deficiency that can be fixed with supplements instead of just throwing anti depressants at you. i would and have recommended him to many people 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	First I am appalled at what the one other person wrote about Dr Neppe. That person apparentely did not see Dr Neppe enough. Reason being, one is the cost of the report, yes it is a very high price report that is confusing to a patient which is why he recommends your provider reads through it with you. If it is not a provider that is of psychiatry profession it may not make sense to them either. Dr Nepp's Pacific Neuropsycatry Institue, www.pni.org, is amazing. If someone is going to see Dr Neppe they need to be educated on what he does and what to expect. I feel so honored that I was able to be a patient of a nationally known neuropsychiatrist. This man is amazing and all you have to do is go to his website, www.pni.org and read all about him and his work. He does have a book that is great reading but could not be for everyone. He does do a physical. you can only go to him by referral so your dr should know of him and his practices.  I thank Dr Neppe for all he did for me! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	-1	I was referred to Dr. Neppe for evaluation of neurological/psychiatric problems due to Lupus.I found it strange that I had to  sign away so many of my rights when I first saw him.  He had me agree to privately pay for his report--$900. This included only 2 copies. Period.  The information Dr Neppe asked for was thorough.I saw him probably 6-8 times. He did not keep my referring physician updated, though.  At the and I asked for an evaluation of his findings.  I got a computer-generated report that made no sense. The reports my two doctors received were also of no use whatsoever.  Dr. Neppe advertised his newest book on a banner behind the reception desk.  He also asked me if I would buy a copy to go along with the evaluation.  In the end, Dr. Neppe was generous in not requiring me to pay much at all for the reports.  He also is the only neurologist or psychiatrist who has ever asked me to disrobe for a physical exam. 	3	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	Dr. Neuzil was rude and rushed through the ime visit. To get paid for what he did or I should say did not do should be a crime.  If you have to see him for a IME, REFUSE !!! 	3	3	5	4 	Insurance:Workers Comp
66	1	Dr. Neuger did my breast cancer surgery.  I could not have asked for a more caring, or knowledgable person.  She discussed each step with me and spent the time making sure I understood everything which would be taking place.  If you are feeling apprehensive about your surgery (cancer or otherwise), you could not be more fortunate than to have Dr. Neuger look after you.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
66	1	She is the best surgeon in the world.                                                                                                                           -Kind Regards,                          Mr Stephenson. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	i do not recommend dr neuger to anyone.  i had a cyst removed b/c it became painful.  after getting it removed i was still feeling the pain and her response to me was that it wasn't b/c of the cyst. i'm not sure why she removed it and told me the pain would be gone.  i went in again for a follow-up visit and showed her another cyst i found.  she told me it was my rib-bone and basically treated me like i was a big waste of her time.  turns out, i actually do have another cyst and its NOT my rib-bone.  she was cold and extremely impersonal.  i don't recommend her to anyone 	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	Dr. Nichols and his staff were all very kind and knowledgeable. Dr. Nichols and the nurse spent over an hour with me, educating me on the procedure I was interested in. I feel confident having surgery by Dr. Nichols and would not go anywhere else. The price is a slightly higher than other places but I believe it is worth it. The office is nice looking and comfortable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Very helpful Psychiatrist.  Makes you feel at ease quickly, is very understanding and very helpful.  Has a very open mind if you are interested in specific types of treatment(s) as long as they do make sense.  I'll be seeing him again. 	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	He was the best doctor I have ever talked to. Which says a lot for the city of Pullman. Which is known for student death, and horrible healthcare in general. I loved this doc, he knows what he's doing and is great at his job. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	. excellent doctor he help me with my sprained thumb very kind 	 10/15/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
70	0	doctor cancels appointments the same day ( she did this to me 3 times in a row one time and  I ended up in emergency room!) and is out of office for weeks now when I need my medication and I have a contract with her so I cant get refills from other doctors.. the doc should give a month notice so I can get my meds to last until she returns.. she doesn't even let me know!  her staff isnt that helpful. I get oh well nothing I can do from the office staff. If I need to talk to her they just email her.. so theres hours wait or more if its an emergency. 	1	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Dr. Paul Nghiem is the BEST!!!  I saw him for years and years at the Dana Farber Cancer Center in Boston. I would drive 60 miles each way for my appointments and it was worth it. I have had troubles with skin cancer since 17 years old (Basal cell nevus syndrome)and have seen many many doctors over the years and none are as good as Dr. Nghiem.  Not only is he a top doctor in his field / skin cancer he is a super nice person.  He takes his time with patients and takes time to share his knowledge.  His biopsies are small (non scarring) and he is very good at recommending other removal techniques (e.g., MOHS) when you need it.  I have had at least 50  skin cancers removed over the years (in my 40s now)so I have some experience. The people of Seattle and the State of Washington are very very lucky!!  I only wish he were still here in Boston.  Two thumbs way up for Dr. Nghiem.  	 9/5/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	Dr. Nelsen is wonderful.  She has been my primary care doctor for over ten years.  She is knowledgable and kind.  She listens and doesn't have a problem recommending alternative treatments.  We love her Nurse, Tiffany, as well. I have recommended her in the past and will continue to do so in the future.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
72	1	Dr. Nelsen is very nice, understanding and always takes the time to listen to all of your issues with patience and does not rush you through your appointment as other doctors do.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	-1	I went in to have a crown that fell off put back on and left with an $18,000 estimate with no explanation of the work to be performed. This is the worst dentist / dental experience I have ever had and would steer far far away from this doctor and Bright Now Dental as an organization. The cost at another dentist for the work is $4.2k including a root canal but at least I got a through honest exam and honest pricing.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
73	-1	I think I need search her before I saw.It is same as before post, rude, also she let me do deep cleaning and crown rework. I have put a lots money for this visit. 	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
73	-1	Dr Nurani suggested many unnecessary procedures -- deep cleaning, crowns rework, etc. She didn't even clean my teeth, just rinsed them, and told me that I had no tartar build-up and hardly any plaque.  Then why would I need a deep cleaning&#63; 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
73	-1	Dr. Nurani is a HORRIBLE dentist - she was VERY rude when I said I never had to have a deep cleanng and she kept poking my gums and hurting me telling me I had gum disease.  She also kept insisting i had crowns redone that I had just had placed 6 months by my brother who is a dentist in another city!  STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!!!! 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	0	Ashifa Nurani is a horrible dentist.. The bright now dental only cares about getting more money from you and doesn't care about the patient's condition.. . They perform unnecessary procedures and provide low quality dental services which you will notice after the work has been done.... beware.. avoid at all costs.  	1	4	3	3 	Insurance:Aetna
74	-1	May be the WORST doctor ever! She actually failed to tell me very important details that could have killed me if I didn't know enough to question her. She usually late but never even apologized. She pretty much always needs me to make an apt, even for a Rx refil 6mh after my last apt. She finds a reason to need to see me most every time I call but I don't believe she ever once told me to make a F/U apt. Once she actally tried to hand me my lab work, do a quick chest phyiscal and leave the room in less than 5 min with barely a word spoken to me. I made her stay but why am I paying for her to listen to my lungs and heart and check all my neck glands every few months when there is nothing &quot;wrong&quot; I was just there for may lab work which she never reviewed with me so why not just mail it so I don't have to spend a a portion of my day at her office for a 15m apt plus pay my portion after insurance. I honestly wonder if she just needs to fill her schedule. I think she is a HORRIBLE doctor.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
75	1	Dr. Naficy's wife runs the insurance billing and works at the front desk. She has the WORST people skills and is very rude. I was over charged and had to get my insurance involved since they were an in-network provider. After many months they had to repay me the overpayment per the contract they hold with the insurance company. My insurance co. was not happy with them when they found out exactly what they had been doing. I didn't have any problems with Dr. Naficy himself. Know your insurance policy and get your insurance involved by filing a claim against them if they try to overcharge you. 	1	4	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
75	-1	His wife runs the front desk and her management skills are Terrible! Everytime I tried to call she kept putting me on hold. I hardly got a sentance out. Your apt maybe at 2pm but youll sit there for a hour waiting. I over paid by 3,000 and my teeth still arent the way I would like them. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR YOUR MONEY HERE!! YOU CAN FIND BETTER!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
75	-1	Very bad service and they are asking me pay the remaining amount though my insurance company said i will get a waiver for being in network but the staff there are not accepting without i pay the difference. very much money minded 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
75	-1	Terrible, he was unhelpful. All he did was come in check by teeth and leave. My teeth have not improved.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	Dr Numrych is such a great dr! She's so kind and considerate and always answers your questions even if they're not related to the reason why you came for the visit. I've never felt rushed our put out. I would highly recommend her! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	-1	VERY LATE. 2HOURS 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	Dr Nelson delivered all three of my babies and was amazing! 	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	0	I was a new patient in Dr. Nelson's office after becoming pregnant.  At 9 weeks, I experienced complications, and it took over 2 days to get  a return call from this office! Unfortunately this pregnancy resulted in a miscarriage.  Following a second pregnancy, I again expereinced complications and was unable to reach a doctor or even a staff person (this office has a maze of message prompts, usually resulting in leaving a message that is never answered).  I finally went to the office and was blown off by the secretary who was leaving for a lunch break.  I immediately called another office who scheduled me that same day for bloodwork.  After receiving the results, I was called back and told I needed to see the doctor that same day.  I have since left this office because of the extremely poor service I received. 	1	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Dr. Nickel delivered my first son in 2010 and he was really great. I felt comfortable with him from the beginning to the end of my pregnancy. His staff was also incredible. Being a FTM at the time, I called a lot and they were always so nice, even at my appointments. Most importantly, I was never talked down to or felt dumb for all my calls. I have since moved cross country and  pregnsn with #2 and I hate the office I am at now and have little faith in my new doctor ;( I wish i were back in Tacoma! I would recommend Dr. Nickel to anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	In addition to being available to answer all of my questions no matter how tedious, Dr. Nickle is amazing.  Don't let his humble, easy going nature fool you.  I went into labor at 6 months my first preganacy (which was delayed until the 39th week).  In the ER the ER nurse told me that her her uterus ruptured on her tenth and last birth. Dr. Nickel saved her life.  I am VERY high risk and I am purposefully going out of network and paying more to be his patient for my second.  His office isn't fancy, he doesn't drone on and on about the latest gimmicks BUT he and his staff are the BEST. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	I wouldnt trust my reproductive health to anyone else. He is great at answering questions, you just have to ask.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	Dr. Nickel likes you to follow his advice to the letter. He is strict but very smart. I felt very safe having him deliver my two sons. He is also a strong Christian if that is important to you.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	very caring sometimes his bedside manner can be improved military background might be cause. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Have been seeing Dr. Nickel for my first pregnancy and am mostly satisfied.  Had some confusion about getting me scheduled for my appointments and 1st u/s.  Being new to this I expected them to tell me at what intervals I should schedule my appointments; ended up missing a month.  Not a big deal.  His staff have been very helpful whenever I call with questions.  Quite professional in spite of earlier confusion.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	-1	When I was 5 months pregnant my insuranced changed so I had to find a new Ob.  I called his officed asked if they took my insurance they said yes.  So I made an appointment the earliest I could get in was 3 weeks.  When I came in for my appiontment I gave the receptionist my insurance card.  I was called back did an intake with the nurse then saw the doctor.  He asked alot of questions asked why I had medicare.  I explained I had become disabled temporarily due to an accident.  He told me he doesn't take my insurance and doesn't take high risk patients.  He told me to find a perinantologist.  He gave me one name and a phone number.  No referal. I wasted alot of time.  His office does bill my insurance he just did'nt want to take over my care.  The other doctor he told me to call wouldn't see me with out a referal.  They only work with your regular ob to monitor your care.  He was very rude.  Don't waste your time going to him if your pregnant.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
79	1	very nice guy, may seem kind of weird but he actually knows what he is doing. 	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
80	-1	DR BRUCE NEU DID MY SURGERY FOR CARPEL TUNAL OR KNOWEN AS ( RSI ) MY LEFT HAND DID NOT TAKE AND MY RIGHT HAND DID. I DID NOT FOLLOW UP WITH HAND THERAPY AFTER I WOULD TELL HIM MY LEFT HAND IS STILL IN PAIN AND NOT ABLE TO USE IT VERY WELL HE DID NOT WANT TO BE BOTHERED BY MY CONCERNS. I DONT THINK HE DOES (RSI( SURGERY ANY MORE BUT DOES PLASTIC SURGERY. I WOULD HAVE TO ASK HIS NURSE TO LET HIM KNOW NOT TO CUT ME OFF WHEN I AM TRY TO TALK TO HIM OR DISMISS MY CONCERNS....THE REPLY FROM HIS NURSE THAT I WAS NOT THE ONLY ONE WHO WOULD TELL HER THAT HE IS RUDE AND I MEAN OUT RIDE RUDE 		2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
81	-1	I liked this dentist until I got the bills. The office staff promised me BEFORE I got the work done that they would adjust their pricing to what my insurance listed the procedure to be worth. They not only did not do this - they did procedures on me that they knew in advance that my insurance did not cover at all. When I protested what they charged me they sent me to collections. Here is one dentist I will not go back to! 	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	Kudos to my dentist Dr. Amy Norman! I had a dental emergency based on an intemperate chomp upon a corn chip resulting in the fracturing of my temporary crown. Less than an hour later I'm in Amy's chair, nitrous oxide flowing, a brand new crown being installed.?Trust me. If you don't love, love,love your dentist consider switching. AND every single person in her office is equally awesome 	 8/13/12	4	3	5	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	I travel 300 miles to go to Dr Norman. She and her team are simply amazing. Her attention to detail and customer service are second to none. I actually look forward to going to the dentist now. I wish all medical professionals would model their practices after Dr. Norman’s. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	Very helpful in understanding wisdom teeth extraction. Straight forward staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	-1	Dr.Neering seemed to be distracted when I came in for regular check-ups but I thought things would improve as we got near to my sons due date. Unfortunately, I did not progress well and the baby was projected at being 12lbs. Dr.Neering was irritated that this may ruin her streak of performing few c-sections and she proceeded to yell at me, them while giving me a exam she tried to force her fingers up violently into my cervix. I almost flew off the top of the table screaming in pain. Later as the need was apparent she rushed me into the o.r. with little conversation and let the local med students perform a c-section. I was crying and no curtain was put up, I could literally see the whole procedure while these strange students yanked me around like a piece of meat. I begged how much longer and Dr.Neering snapped, &quot;We would of been done already if you weren't so damn fat&quot;! So much more verbal abuse happened during this nightmare delivery, nobody is safe in her hands.  	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:Molina
85	1	We have used this dentist for about 5 years now.  Front office staff very nice and professional.  Hygienists are both very nice and do a good job.  The office is pretty &quot;high tech&quot; and we like that (I've talked to others who feel like that just adds expense).  Dr. Nathe is a good dentist.  He fit me in one day when I had badly chipped a front tooth.  I did have to sit for quite awhile, as he would come and work on my tooth repair in between already-scheduled patients, but I really appreciated their flexibility and he got it fixed asap.  I like him overall and intend to keep going there.  	 3/4/09	5	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	Dr. Naylor has a great repoire with his patients. He has never rushed us through a visit, he sits down and listens to any concern we have. He doesn't do unnecessary tests, but when he's not positive of what may be going on, he will order whatever test he feels necessary. In the 7 years we've been going to him, he has always come in the room with a smile, he has always treated my children and myself with respect, and he has always listened to us. His diagnosis' have been spot on. It's nice to have a doctor that truly cares about his patients and provides the best service possible. As for waiting times, this facility has the best. Nine out of ten times, we are pulled within a minute of our scheduled appointment. The nurse gets all the info and stats and the doctor is in within 10 minutes. There have been maybe a handful of times  (in 7 years) where we weren't seen right away, but it was always because of a more pressing situation. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	Outstanding surgeon and a compassionate healer. Dr. Nguyen genuinely cares about his patients and it shows. I have never felt a doctor so &quot;in my corner&quot; before, listening to my concerns, understanding my issues, and rooting for me to be healthy. What a great guy and extremely skilled in his specialty. I recommend him without reservation. He is very informed and experienced and is the head of the Bariatric Program at the Overlake Hospital Specialty Clinics.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
88	1	We went to Dr. Norfleet for early entrance to Kindergarten testing for our son.  My son tends to be shy and very attached to me I was worried about how he would do without me in the room. Dr.Norfleet made him feel so comfortable he did not even care that I was not in the room.  He had so much fun doing the testing he asked me if we could go back the next day! He kept telling his brother and sister that he played at Dr. Norfleets office! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	Dr. Nacht is a great surgeon, he is very informative. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	Excellent bed side mannor, very knowledgeable. Dont feel rushed and he always answers all my questions, no matter if i have asked them before. Puts his patients at ease before, during and after surgery. or treatment.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	-1	Took x-rays and  took my money but didn't give appropriate treatment.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	1	I am a patient of Dr Newman and dont understand the last review. I had been to multiple doctors over the years -one even said I needed surgery and at the suggestion of a friend who is a patient of Dr Newmans, I went to him. He has been a life saver - very knowledgable and mixes Western Medicine with Naturopathic. I like that I pay cash as I dont have to worry about insurance (although his office does bill my insurance and I get a refund from them). 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	-1	Demanding nearly $500 cash up front should have been a red flag! What followed was no less than a nightmare. I am reluctant to be specific as I am concerned about possible repercussions. That fact alone should speak volumes. It is unfortunate that Dr. Newman has covered the internet with propaganda that gives potential patients a false sense of who and what he his. Since this experience with Newman another Dr. shared information that could have prevented this entire experience. It is unfortunate that this information wasn't available before trusting him with life altering treatment. Please, ask around - colleagues may be willing to share valuable information. I wish that I could be more specific as it is important for anyone considering treatment at this office to ask questions.  This was originally erroneously posted under Dr. ALAN Newman, also a naturopath in Vancouver. Given the similarities I believe the comments there are actually intended for THIS Dr. Newman. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	back when this ass was in vancouver, he did what was suppossed to be a scar revision surgery.  He hands were shaking like someone on drugs they shouldn't of taken, but worse than that instead of a scar revision,he did a punch biopsy into healthy tissue, resulting in infection that took over a month of heavy duty antibiotics and a huge scar versus a little 2 cm scar.  When I went back post op to voice my concerns, he didn't listen virtually at all, and completely dismissed me with a waving of the hands.  I found someone else to fix me up eventually but newell was a nightmare for me. he really messed me up with what should of been a very simple procedure.   that was over 15 years ago, but I still remember clearly how badly he treated me professionally and as a person 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
92	-1	This NS ordered me to submit yearly MRI's. He neglected to read them for the 9 years I submitted my MRI's to him to read. Imagine my shock to learn that he allowed my brain tumor to grow so big it was inoperable. I was given 2 to 3 months to live.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
93	1	Very rushed and seemed somewhat condescending if I balked at a treatment option. Affiliated with the medical center which charges a large fee for facility charge. 	3	3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	-1	 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	Dr. Nieman is an extraordinary physician. He was able to diagnose my autoimmune disorder when multiple doctors had failed, and as a result, I am able to walk again without being in constant pain. I have been seeing him now for over five years and he always listens, asks good questions, never makes me feel that he is in a rush to see others. I also like that he has been able to help me manage my illness without resorting to painkillers or other potentially risky medications. He is the most outstanding medical professional and I am so grateful to him for the way he helped me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	Dr Neiman is a really good doctor. He was my doc for about 5 years and did all he could to help me. In the end I decided to stop seeing him because I feel he acted irresponsibly, but know that is not normal for him. What happened in my case was a deal breaker for me, but not something I had ever seen before and not something I can see happening again. He listens very patiently, answers all of your questions thouroughly and will say he doesn't know if he doesn't know. But he will find out the answer. On my first visit I was prescribed pain meds, muscle relaxers, nerve pain meds and sleeping pills.  It sounds extreme but it was necessary. That's the good thing about him. We see him because we are in extreme pain and he treats that pain. He doesn't make you feel like you are drug seeking like some doctors do. He understands we need help or we wouldn't be there. I am just sorry he's not my doctor anymore. Unfortunate was that deal breaker.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Medicare
94	1	I have seen Dr. Neiman for 10+ years. His clinical skills are excellent. He listens and never makes me feel rushed. He understands that in Rheumatology things are often not clear cut and some medications work better than others for different patients. He is patient and kind. I feel that he keeps up on the current literature and I feel well taken care of.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	I've been to Dr Neiman for about 5 years now. I have multiple issues and he takes the time to talk with me, does not talk at me. He listens and explains things in 'plain English' so I can understand what it is. HE lets my other docs know about things when it's appropriate or advises me to talk to to them about a certain issue. Only one problem was w/the front desk person. 1 time she confused my name w/another patient.. long story short.. I caught the error, and was not even apologized to.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
94	1	Very good, highly recommend.  Probably the most caring physician I've every encountered.  He returns phone calls personally!!!  This man is a wonderful doctor, with vast knowledge in a difficult specialty.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	i think Dr. Neiman is a good doc. He cares about his patients. I do not know how he can handle so many. It is a difficult profession dealing with Rhuematoid, athritis, ostoarthrits, Lupus, MCTD&lt; and many other autoimmune disorders which are difficult to manage . As well as try to be there to help get pts help with other problems. He is cooperative in trying yet certainly sticks to his specailty. He is absolutely a GREAT guy. He is doing his best despite the ridiculous new Washington State guidelines that many docs are mistakenly thinking are RULES. I would say he is hesitant to exceed at certain times- which is reasonable even if you atre the one in AGONY. We all need to respect our physicians and their limitations more. I think he is knowledgable and tries and honest. He NEVER acts arrogant . Never acts like he knows it all. The bestdocs will say I do not know when they don't. Some people don't like that. I respect it.  	 4/13/08	5	3	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	The first orthopedist messed up my casting and after 4 weeks he discovered that he set it wrong.  I was referred to Dr. North and surgery was done w/in a week.   Not a lot of personality or bed side manner, but a great surgeon! 	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Pacificare
96	1	My hand was shredded in a mover blade from a riding John Deere mower. Thank God,  I just happened to get Dr. North on his weekend on call.  He put me back together,  where others would have amputated some. This happened in 1992, My hand is so close to perfect. You would never know I had surgery....   Thank you 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	Dr. Nitsche is an excellent primary care physician.  He has excellent resources in the community of Seattle and Bainbridge Island specialists.  My annual physical appointment with him is not something I dread, it is a careful review that I value and the written report is very helpful to bring along to any specialist visit I may have.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
98	-1	I thought he was worthless and greedy, staff didn't appear very happy either, but he's probably rude to them too 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	I found Dr Newman to be a self proclaimed know it all, pompous, rude and not one for listening to the patient.  Very expensive.  Initial visit was nothing but intake and he said ok we will schedule you for a physical exam next week, so over 200 dollars and he didn't do so much as a bllod pressure check&#63;&#63;&#63;  There may be some people he helps by getting them to lose weight, nutritional counseling etc.  but My personal opinion, hes a rip off, and he really likes to sell IV chelation (potentially deadly, but nessesary if someone REALLY has lead poisening, based on one of the tests that are considered by many experts to be bogus...let the buyer beware! 	2	2	2	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	Very professional and smart. She knows what she is talking about and is able to care for patients as a &quot;whole&quot; and not just a diagnosis. I would highly recommend Dr. Nohara to anybody.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
