dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	0	 Dr jackson does better with Pre-diagnosed health problems.  He will second guess what you tell him about your medical concern.  ONE example is I told him my ears hurt and I have had problems with them all my life.  He quickly looked in each ear turned to me and said &quot;theres nothing wrong with your ears&quot; then dismissed.  Very nice and personal doctor but not a good diagnostician.  Would be a good doctor for terminal ilnesses.  	5	1	1	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$30
8	1	commentsDr. Jacobson was wonderful.  I was diagnosed with Skin Cancer and she did a mohs surgery.  She and her   staff were kind and kept me informed about each thing   they were doing.  I will continue to see Dr. Jacobson   on a regular basis for skin checkups.. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	 I have been a patient of Dr. Jacobson since 1998. While he is overworked like most doctors these days due to overall patient volume, I have found him to be knowledgable, approchable and he has worked collaboratively with me in determining the most appropriate and effective treatment for my MS.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	-1	commentsThis was one of the worst doctors I have ever seen in my entire life. I just had to share this with others in hopes that they wont choose this doctor. He was over an hour late and only spent 10 minutes with me. He didn't answer any of my questions and made me feel like i was stupid. His staff was great and had great bedside manner which he did not. 	4	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	 I have been going to him for about 6 years. Takes the time to listen to problems &amp; concerns. Very through &amp; conservate w/treatment.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Coventry
16	1	 Good outcome oriented Doc.  Takes time to talk about things and listens well.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	commentsI think he is one of the most caring doctors I have ever been to. He listens to you and is very helpful with information if you don't understand. If he does not know something he is willing to look for information on what ever subject you are asking about. He is my regular doctor and he treats my crps or rsd I have this in both of my legs.I also have fibromyalisa.He is also taking new patients and he accepts the state medical. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	commentsShari Jackson is wonderful.  I had a EVLT and scherotherapy done by her and was very happy with both her treatment of me, and the results.  I no longer have leg pain standing for long periods of time.   The cosmetic effects were also good, but not as dramatic. I originally saw another doc at Via Vascular and wasn't impressed.  Shari was excellent at communicating to me about the procedures, and had excellent bedside manner. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	 dr jackson, saved my life.  He might of been airegont, but he knew what he was doing.   it's been almost two yrs since i had surgery  i just wish i could lose the weight to have my ostomy reversed 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	-1	.  Very rude and did a poor surgery job! Told mom that she didn't need surgery and told dad that she needed surgery&#63;&#63; 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$1600
25	1	commentsVery kind and understanding. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
52	-1	commentsDr. Jacobson has poor bedside manner and he does not listen to his patients. He always wants to refer you to see a different doctor rather than taking the responsibility. I am surprised he even has a medical license. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	commentsDr. Jackson has been my primary health care physician for almost 20 years.  He is thorough, thoughtful and very knowledgeable.  He prescribed physical therapy where other doctors, i.e. at the Sports Medicine Clinic in Ballard, recommended knee and neck surgery.  He's one of the best. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	commentsDr. Jackson is always helpful and concerned about my care. When he feels he can't give me the best care he will referr me to a doctor that can. I appreciated the time he takes to listen to me as well. 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
65	-1	 Dr. Jackman was one of the rudest people I have ever met.  He was about 45 minutes late to our appointment, didn't make eye contact once, and only spoke with rude remarks as I relayed the torture I have been going through.  In the end, he said I needed surgery without discussing with me why I needed it or explaining the operation.  I ended up having surgery with another doctor because of the rudeness and lack of communication skills displayed by Dr. Jackman.  	4	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
65	1	 I am very happy with Dr. Jackman's help ith my back problem.  I had many doctor's try to assist me and find out what was causing me constant pain with no sucess.  After an MRI and xray's Dr Jackman made a recomendation for me to have surgery.  I followed his advice and had surgery 04/12/2012.  I am now able to walk 18 holes of golf which was impossible before the operation.  I am now pain free and have not taken any pain medication since the operation.  I highly recommend Dr. Jackman and his loyal staff.   Jim Platt Clyde Hill, WA 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:AARP
65	-1	 Stay away! He is arrogant, condescending and makes mistakes. Very quick to pull the scalpel instead of looking for ways around it. In his world only he knows best. The problem is he is not that good.  	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$2000
65	-1	 Very unprofessional.  I had a horrible experience.  He accused me of &quot;throwing a fit to get into him&quot; which did not happen at all.  Said, &quot;good thing you don't live in Canada.&quot;  I am not sure if he is to blame or his administration for causing the drama.  I could not take the next available appointment and asked if I could see the PA instead.  I was told no. Then I asked for next appointment (9 days out) and simply asked if he would call sooner if there were significant findings on the MRI.  By no means a &quot;fit&quot;.  I felt abused and mistreated - extremely unprofessional.  His nurse was great though.  I will NEVER go back there and would not recommend him to anyone.  His rude, egotistical behavior made a stressful day, even more horrible.  He appeared cocky and full of himself.     When I went for my MRI the paper work said &quot;right knee pain&quot;  my MRI was for my back!! I never said anything about my knee!  I learned my lesson - should have researched my doctor more...  	3	5	2	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	1	 I went there w/ multiple issues.  Back pain, waking up in the night screaming, knee pain that has been going on for YEARS, sometimes I can't walk and a hip issue.  For back pain he told me he &quot;Could&quot; get an MRI, but he thought it was nothing (Nothing&#63;!&#63;!  Waking up screaming in the middle of the night is nothing&#63;) After the MRI he told me, basically, sorry nothing I can do for u, keep losing weight (I am 40lbs overweight - not a high amnt for someone my hgt(how does that help me right now w/ the pain&#63;) For the knees, well, you'll have to do PT. (I've done PT MULTIPLE TIMES over the past 20 years) and the hip - go see this other doc in my practice.  Every referral seemed 2 be 2 someone else in HIS office.  Seems odd to me.  First appt  I waited 1 hour and 15 minutes to see him and he tapped his pen like he had somewhere else to be.  Second appt I waited 1 hour 10 minutes to see him.  He picked at his fingers the whole time we were in the room.  I will never go back to him again.  	4	1	3	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	1	 Dr. Jackman saved me after several years of trying to find someone to fix the pain and numb legs and feet that I had been experiencing. All other doctors wanted to feed me pills and do PT to fix an issue that was well beyond both. Jackman listens! and prescribes treatment accordingly. I am scheduled for surgery tomorrow and am looking forward to relief.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	1	commentsVery caring and knowledgeable. Also very personable. Paid/Co-pay:$15	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	 I had my surgery 11/4/08! My back is 100% better.The only pain I have is the healing pain from the fusion and nerve decompression. When I was in the hospital, he visited me all the time. He would make sure to stop in before he went home for the night also. He cares like a real doctor should do. That is hard to find now days! Dr. Todd Jackman is very professional, caring, smart, real, loyal, and a great doctor all the way around. You will not go wrong if you decide to go to him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Workers Comp
65	1	 I had back surgery last Dec.07. I been having a lot of problems with a numb leg, pain,and I can't sleep at night without waking up crying. My old doctor said I would be stuck like this forever and I need a new job. I love my job! A week ago I went to Jackman to get another opinion and he told me right away, your L5 vertebrae slipped. I tell you, it was like he was giving back my life because the last year I had no life! I am 34 years old now! I am too young to be laying on my back plus I can't even go to the store to shop for food or anything. I can only get a few items or ride the scooter. It was killing my pride and me! I can honestly tell you he is the best. Oh, He also explained why my right leg and foot is numb and that the L5 and S1 control what area.  He anwsered all my questions that I have been asking my old doc for the last year! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Workers Comp
72	-1	 Rude &amp; seemed like he could care less if I lived or died. More concerned about his motorcycle trip.  	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$300
73	1	commentsEmbodies the best practices and philosophy of family medicine. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	 Dr. Jackson has been our physician since moving to Vancouver five years ago.  Not only is he a wonderful diagnostician, he also is proactive in sending his patients to specialists when he doesn't have the answers. He is always thorough, listens to his patients, and is an excellent doctor.   I would highly recommend him! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
80	1	commentsDr. Jacobs is very compassionate.  Her knowledge of 'what ails you' is expansive.  If she doesn't know, she isn't afraid to refer you to a specialist. 	5	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	commentsVery caring and polite, takes time to discuss problems or concerns. Asks questions and answers mine. Not only treats you as a patient, but is concerned how treatment will effect family. Is always available if needed. Paid/Co-pay:$6		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
91	-1	 DR JACKSON IS THE WORST PSYCHIATRIST EVER!!!!  I saw him four time and every appointment was worst then before.  I am Bipolar and General anxiety disorder.  He told me I am not Bipolar.  He change one of my meds to Celexa 40 mg to help with my anxiety.  Ever since I reach max dosage I have been manic.  He told me today and my last appointment I am not manic that I have borderline personality disorder.  He would not look at my past records for my previous psychiatrist.  He made me feel bad and said all my problems was situation and all I need is counseling.  He is rude does not listen and you walk out of his office feeling worst then when you got in the office.  If you have an appointment with him cancel it and get another doctor ASAP.  	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Tricare
91	-1	commentsI have a depression and anxiety issue and with Dr. Jackson it made it worse. He shamed me into thinking that my depression and anxiety was my fault. He disrespected me. I told him that I wanted to go to online school and he said no that that would be the worst thing to do. He also critisized me for the choices that I have made. Yes I just started learning to drive and I am 20 and yeah I was having issues with school I know that but it was my depression that was beating me up and Dr. Jackson said that it was all of my fault. I honestly wanted to die after this because I know that I have made bad choices but I was trying to work on them. Also he was upset when I went to my primary care physician for meds. I was having issues with my sleep aid and she gave me something else and Dr. Jackson actually scolded me for going to my regular Dr for that when in the first place she had prescribed me the sleep aid. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
91	-1	 George F. Jackson was extremely rude to me. I have had two appointments with him. He did not care how I felt he just boomed out questions at me. He was intimidating and I have anxiety. He should not be in this line of work if he does not care about people, period. I have to say he is the worst person I have personally encountered in a medical profession. On top of all this, he scheduled both my appointments during school days and he was very late to both of them. He is not nice, he is not helpful, and he does not care about his patients.  	4	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	-1	commentsDr Jackson was caustic and rude.  He was not helpful.  He didn't listen and missed the diagnosis resulting in an additional hospitalization. 	3	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
91	-1	.   	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	1	commentsI know several people who have been patients of Dr. Jackson and everyone had positive comments. He is knowledgeable and willing to start with a fresh perspective and offer new ideas. He is personable, talks with and spends time with his patients. I read the negative reviews and I have a difficult time believing this represents the Same George Jackson. Highly recommended. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
91	-1	commentsMy wife just saw this &quot;Dr.&quot; and I'm glad for his sake I was at work and wasn't able to come with her. My wife has been struggling with really bad anxiety and panic atacks for the past two years. We wanted to go to a psychiatrist for some coping exercises. Instead my wife got grilled on why she home-schooled and didn't go to college. Really&#63; Some quotes from the visit were: My wife-&quot;I struggle with low self esteem&quot; Dr. Jackson-&quot;But you're beautiful. Why&#63;&#63;&quot; Amazing. my wife is attractive so she shouldn't have any self esteem problems. This one is my favorite: &quot;I really think you're doing yourself a disservice by letting your anxiety run your life instead of you&quot; This man is a waste of time. Wow! My wife can choose not to have her unstoppable panic attacks&#63;!&#63; If only we had known!! This man is an idiot. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
91	-1	 WARNING:  STAY AWAY FROM THIS DOCTOR and pray you are never hospitalized where he is on staff (St. Joseph).  I saw this doctor at his office at Rainier Associates because my previous doc moved out of the area and he was on my health plan.  BIG MISTAKE.  He is the most disrespectful, un-knowledgeable psychiatrist I have seen in 15 years (and I've seen a few both good and bad).      Like another reviewer said, he refuses to look at other records and even greet you cordially.  During my visit with him, he wouldn't look me in the face.  Despite the fact I was struggling, crying, in near-crisis and facing hospitalization, he was more intent on looking at was happening in the parking lot outside his window than speaking or listening to me.  He also didn't even care to address future care with me nor a prospective treatment plan.  I never returned after the first visit and immediately pursued care elsewhere.  	2	1	1	1	Insurance:PacificarePaid/Co-pay:$20
91	-1	 Worst Doctor(and staff) I have ever seen.  Waited over 30 minutes past my scheduled time.  Did not shake my hand or introduce himself upon initial meeting.  During the initial visit I had all my existing records (which he did not want to examine)and proceeded to tell me after a brief 15 minute conversation that my previous doctors had made improper diagnosis (four doctors over five years) and did not want to get into any discussions other than medication management.  I spent the better half of a week dealing with his staff, and the inability of Dr. Jackson to write a correct prescription, to get my medication order straight with my insurance provider.  Ultimately, Aetna solved the problem after he continually ignored requests from Aetna and I pleaded with them because I was running out of medication.  I would warn anyone considering him for their care as I felt as if he had no interest in helping me, or gaining knowledge of my conditions.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$30
91	0	commentsI felt like Dr. Jackson wasnt very understandng. he spoke to me in a condescending manner, like he was doubting everything i told him about myself. i was very intimidated by him, and he pretty much just sat there staring at me while i cried. it was as if we were both waiting for the other to say something.  it was a very VERY uncomfortable experience, especially at a time when i was so vulnerable in the first place. he prescribed me a medication and wasnt truthful(or maybe wasnt knowledgeable) about the side effects or withdrawl symptoms. 	2	2	3	2	Insurance:Unknown
91	0	commentsDr. Jackson can be confrontational and disrespectful.  I felt on several occassions that he was speaking to me as if I were a child.  I ultimately felt very uncomfortable with him and the care. 	2	3	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	 I think Dr. Jackson has been very helpful.  He has always been on time, and I have been late myself and it is understandable if you don't get a full session.  It's not fair to punish other clients out of their time if I'm a little late, it's just a consiquence of my own actions.   He actually listens, and asks questions at appropriate times, he also gave me a great referral for an attorny!  Thanks a MIllION 	4	5	4	5	Insurance:Tricare
91	-1	 I don't feel that I was treated with respect. I was misled as to the withdrawl symptoms of my medicine-I was told that there were none and that is entirely inaccurate. I feel that I was spoken to in a rude and inappropriate manner many times and I felt that my character was being attacked constantly.  	3	4	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	-1	commentsShe does not know what she is doing. I was diagnosed by another doctor for a condition I had. She needs to go to Med School again. I felt worse coming out of her office than going in. 	4	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	commentsDr. Jacoby seems quite accurate with her diagnosis, at least in my case. She explains the situation, the procedures and answers questions. I appreciate her attention to the smallest details so that they don't become much larger. She's precise and to the point, highly professional and intelligent. I want that from someone who has my life in their hands. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
98	-1	 Easily the worst experience I've ever had with any physician. I saw Dr. Jacoby in 2007 for chronic UTI's. She did not give me much hope in curing my problems, and had very poor bedside manner. I was recently referred back to her to have a procedure done, and, if my husband hadn't been with me, I would have left the office in tears without having it performed. I will never go back to her for treatment. Even if she is a medically competent physician, she treated me so poorly I would prefer to see any other urologist in the area.  	1	2	1	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	1	 Actually, having to wait a few minutes to see a doctor can actually be a good thing--it indicates that she's willing to take time with her patients and actually help them rather than run through them really quickly just to stay on schedule. Personally, I'd rather wait and actually have a doctor hear me out and offer me informed assistance than have zero wait and essentially zero wait. If you don't want a wait, make an appointment first thing in the morning. I had a 7:30 a.m. appointment once and didn't wait one minute. Dr. Jacoby is a bit brisk of manner, but she genuinely cares about her patients and will fight like hell to get them full-service care. Plus her office offers more modalities of service than any other urology clinic I've ever seen.  	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	1	commentsAll visits have been an exercise in patience. I usually wait at least a half-hour before seeing her. 		1	3	4	Insurance:Unknown
98	-1	comments 		1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
