dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	-1	.  	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
1	-1	He was to excise a fistula scar from my wife's neck and he made the excision horizontally for a vertical scar. He is very very inept in his work. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Dr. Elisa is a very caring and super nicedoctor.  I have been with her for 6 years and she delivered my first baby girl.  She treated me excellent! 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	I think Dr. Irisari and her husband, an on/gyn as well, are wonderful doctors. The busy-ness in their office shows how popular they are as doctors. They have been recommended to me many times and I have heard great things about them before I went to them. I think this husband and wife team are great and I heard they have a daughter who is now and ob/gyn. I would recommend them to anyone.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
2	1	This is mostly a rating of the overall office. There are too many patients and there is always a wait. The office is so unorganized (understatement), it took them a month to get my lab results! They can't even write a prescription correctly without a hassle. The nurses are not personable and act as if they don't care what happens to you or not.  The atmosphere is unpleasant and the workers to my account should not be in the healthcare field with the attitudes they have!!! 		3	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	He is awesome... Has done several surgeries on my grandma and she had very little to no down time..  he is prompt and makes sure things get done fast...  He can't stand to see someone suffer! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
3	1	This man is top notch! I've heard about poor bedside manner and have to disagree. He's not a stand up comedian, he is assessing every aspect of you neurologically as he visits with you.  That is his job.  He is very caring &amp; meticulous. I believe that he would not put one of his patients through anything that he wouldn't be willing to go through himself. I would trust this doctor with my life at any given time. He's amazing!! I've never witnessed a long wait as described above and his staff is very helpful and courteous. He does not display arrogance concerning his abilities and he listens to the patient.  It is from other sources that one will hear of his very impressive track record. Kudos to Dr. Iggy, I cannot thank you enough for what you've done for my husband. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	this man saved my life. he is truley a asset to the tri state. L.  Billups 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
3	-1	He schedules 4 people every 15 minutes, makes you wait in the waiting room about 2 hours and then spends about 5 minutes with you.  He missed a bone spur, compressing a nerve on me 	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	. Ive been seeing him for years and has been a very good Doctor! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	. Most knowledgeable family physician that I have ever met or had as a doctor!  I wish all doctors had his &quot;bedside manner&quot; and &quot;listening&quot; skills!  I cannot say enough good about this fantastic docti!  However, THANKS is a very important word concerning my appreciation for him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
5	1	Fantastic. Always takes his time explores all options and offers the best advice. Nice guy, you will feel comfortable. I feel blessed to have him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Veru helpful and , limited staffing and longer wait time. 	4	3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	. I WAS REFERRED TO HIM AND I'M GLAD I WAS HE IS STILL WORKING WOTH ME TO HELP ME COPE WITH MY ARTHRITIS 	5	4	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
