dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	-1	I left Dr Murray as a patient after many years because some of the office staff is so rude, phone calls were never returned, and several health problems that were never taken care of or even looked into.  	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	-1	very rude and uncaring, will never see him again 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	Worst doc I have ever been to, and that's saying something.  Tried to switch - she wouldn't allow it.  Got my medication wrong in my chart; no bedside manner; generally made me feel like less of a human.  Any other doc in the practice is great - they just need to get rid of her. 	5	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
4	-1	anyone planing to see this Dr. PLEASE check the web site West Virgina Board of Medicine. He was in Lewisburg on maplewood ave. sexual misconduct. 2 counts and 1 count of improper performance of surgery 	 9/25/09	3	3	1	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	I really enjoy the visit with Dr.  Morris he listens to your concerns and is very caring with my children he is very pleasant to everyone that comes in to see him 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
6	0	Be prepared to commit 2 hours when visiting this doctor.  While everyone is friendly the staff is extremely slow!  This has happened over 90% of the time when going in for office appointments. 	2	2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	seems knowledgble. 	3	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	. very helpful,and careing for her patients 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
8	1	This doctor literally gave me back my life.......I was semi paralysed on my left side due to spinal stenosis and the operation he did almost completely alleviated that 	 8/9/10	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	He is a great Dr very detailed about the problem and what needs to be done.  Whenever my child is sick the staff gets my child in within the next day if not that same day.  The staff is very nice and helpful!  If I call in with questions the nurse takes the time to explain the answer.   Very glad to have hime as my childs Dr! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
9	0	He doesn't seem to care about his patients.  It's in and out.  He doesn't explain things very well and doesn't try to help.  Also the office is very slow--I expect to wait a half hour or so, but when I wait 45 minutes when my child is literally the only one there, that gets really annoying.  I'm currently looking for a differenct doctor.  	3	2	3	3 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
9	-1	My 7 month old son had a rash and he accused my wife of being a drug addict because we hadn't brought the kid in yet. He prescribed some sort of cream that has been known to cause retardation in the development of children. I researched the cream when I got home and we decided that we were not going to use it. So I took my son to another doctor who said,&quot; He has dermatitis and you should rub Lubriderm on him.&quot; That is what we were already doing. My son broke a tooth the next day, after seeing the second doctor, and his rash went away. Still yet according to Russell Miller, we were bad parents with alcohol or drug problems and he wanted us to rub a drug that was still being tested and had already been known to cause development problems in children. Needless to say we never went to him again and our new doctor has done a very good job. My son is now almost 4 and healthy as can be. NO thanks to Russell Miller.  	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
10	1	Most knowlegabe Physician you will ever incounter! Always, consitantly seeking answers to your medical issues.   Has the best bedside manner. He shows genuine concern for you. He generally runs late with your appts, because he takes time with every patient. Every patient gets his undivided attention.   If you are a patient of his you will not be rushed out the door nor will you be talked down to. It is so easy to talk to him, he is so gentle.  He is like talking to your best friend, that's becasue he is one. I trust his judgement.  He always allows the patient to be a part of the recovery process. He knows when to send you out to a specialist and when not to.  He has no problem referring you when it is necessary. His front office staff is excellant! Not to mention his Nurses- Amy and Crystal you cannot beat them! The Doctor, Nurses and Staff all work togther like a team with the same goal. Seeing that the patient gets the best possible medical care possible.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
10	1	My family has seen Dr McCann for several years.  He is very caring, takes time to talk to you, and listen to you.  He tries to help before sending you to a specialist or for testing.  Sometimes the wait can be long, but that is because he spends time listening to all his patients.  You don't feel rushed, like you didn't have time to mention something you wanted to talk about.  I recommend Dr McCann to anyone who wants a helpful, caring doctor.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Dr. McCann is very personable, higly inteligent and  he always takes the time to listen to any medical complaints that I may have. He is very consientious he will double check through your medical history and any of the latest lab and test results before he makes a medical decision.  If options are available he will inform you of them.  He allows you to be apart of the process of getting better.   He discusses everything very clearly and in a language that you can understand.  He asks if you have any other questions.  My whole family sees him.  He usually runs late for appointments, but he will make it very  much worth your wait. I very much trust his advice.   No complaints here.  	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
11	1	Dr. Mani was my urologist when I needed emergency surgery and went through the ER.  I rarely find that the docs I meet through the ER are this wonderful, but he really knew what he was talking about and did an excellent job.   Terrific bedside manner!  Glad to have found him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
11	1	He is very up front and honest. Great doctor. Good for cancer.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
11	1	Dr. Mani is thorough, knowledgeable, and has spends as much time as it takes to research the patient's history, make a diagnosis, and follow up. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Very nice, knowledgeable and competent doctor/surgeon. Good staff. I would highly recommend. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	0	 	4	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	I was referred to her by a doctor I had been seeing for many years.  She was nice but the last appointment I had she had closed up shop and disappeared.  No one called me to tell me she was going and no one called me to cancel my appointment.  Imagine my surprise when I went to  my appointment and the office was locked tight.  	4	2	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
13	1	Dr. McClellan is very knowledgeable and compassionate. She got my medication straightened up. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Doctor McClellan always listens to me. She is straight forward and tells it like it is. She is very positive, supportive and truly cares about her patients.  I highly recommend her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
13	1	Excellent doctor.  She spends a long time with me evaluating my medical problems as well as my psyciatric issues.  She is very thorough, compassionate, caring.  She makes me feel like a human being - not just some patient to rush in/rush out.  ***Highly recommended***  Have actually referred her several times.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
13	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Wonderful Doctor! Prompt, caring, and listened. Didn't try to rush me out the door. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Excellent doctor who care about his patients 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	He saved my life 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Best Doctor I have ever been to. Cured me without doing alot of unnecessary testing.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Dr. McClung was my mother's physician for about 15 years before she passed away in 2005. My mother could be a difficult patient at times, but he and his staff always treated her with dignity and respect. I am convinced that if not for his care and concern, I would have lost my mother years earlier. Dr. McClung is one of the most intelligent, knowledgeable, and caring physicians I have ever known. Thank you, Dr. McClung.  You are truly one of the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
16	1	I have been Seeing Dr. McClung for years,and fill he is a very good doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
17	1	Loved Dr. Mcginnis and Staff and WVU!! They were the greatest. They answered all questions I had, did thorough exams, and were very supportive.  Would highly recommend them to anyone 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	. i  think he is the best oalways helfull and good to talk to 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	-1	 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
19	0	Doesn't seam to like medicare pt. I got droped as a pt.  	3	2	3	3 	Insurance:Medicare
19	1	.  	3	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	Very knowledgable about procedure. Very punctual. Very caring.  Called at home to check after procedure!:) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	The atmosphere at the office is comfortable, knowledgeable staff, caring. You are treated as if your a close personal friend, to each staff member, therefore you get that feeling that your the MOST important person of the DAY.  After my adjustment to my back,I always walk out refreshed, feeling great, able to tackle the World.  I have never had to wait a Long period of time in the Waiting Room or on the Doctor, the Staff and Doctor have the Scheduling down to an Artform, even has the extra time to talk to you about any concerns with out jepordizing a time conflict with their next patient.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
22	-1	doesn't speak English very well and has no respect for disabled veterans or veterans.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
23	-1	I arrived at the ER in New Martinsville, WV. The staff was nice. The problem started with the doctor as he looked at my records. I requested an x-ray. Dr Monseau started my visit by accusing me of being an addict. He refused to do the x-ray. He went on to say that my family doctor, Dr Morris is not much of a doctor, in his opinion. He did not look at my back. He just ran his mouth until I got mad.  	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
24	-1	NO supervision in impoverished Wheeling in Appalachia West Virginia..is NOT an employee of either troubled Wheeling Hospital or horrifyingly troubled OVMC;  as a &quot;Morgantown Appalachia educated&quot; family doctor, does not seem to be competent in dealing with the complexities of depression, academic failure at ELITE universities, abusive alcoholism or the &quot;geriatrics&quot; of elderly/nearly blind drivers resultant in lawsuits.... 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	Found this Morgantown educated family doctor less than competent or ethical in complex medical situations...Mercer is unsupervised and undisciplined in Wheeling: he rents a room at the Wheeling Clinic building but is not an employee of either (both are educationally and financially troubled with Ohio Valley eliminating staff) Wheeling or Ohio Valley hospitals.  Mercer has no supervision in impoverished Wheeling, as the availability of quality health care continues to decline in tandem with the precipitous and continuing decline in Wheeling area population and economic viability. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	I am VERY disappointed with the care a relative of mine received (or did not I guess) from Dr. Mercer. I could go on & on, but let's just say he's not the doctor he used to be, and that's a shame. 	5	4	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	This doctor's office is one of the most comfortable environments I've experienced in the health care field.  You're treated as family, and never talked at, the treatment is discussed with you, and I've always been able to call and talk to someone in regards to any concern I have.  I've been with this office for 20 years and will continue to be a patient of Dr. Mercer. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	. Fantastic Doctor, I've been going to him forat least 10 years 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
24	1	I am a new patient to Dr.Mercer and feel that he is a very good doctor. I know many people that go to him and they all like him also. The nurses are very nice, I am glad that my friend referred me!!!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	I have been going to Dr Mercer since he began private practice 20 years ago. I never have to wait for an appt, get a live person when I call on the phone, love the office staff, and think Dr Mercer is very knowledgable and conscientous. My grandparents, mother, father and daughter are all patients of his, and we're all pleased with the care we get from both him and his nurse practitioner. I'm glad he's young so he'll be there for me for many more years! I'd recommend him highly.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	Dr. Mercer is one of the finest doctors in Wheeling. As far as his knowledge...he is more up to date than any doctor i know!! He is compassionate and smart. I think the other rating is ridiculous and very inaccurate 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	He was quite non aggressive in his care of my family, including myself. Resulting in the 2 year growing ailment of my daughter that is now being attended by a pediatrician who immediately diagnosed her and is giving her the best care possible....now. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Dr. Midcap is one of the BEST Doctors I have ever seen. He is patient, kind, compassionate and very caring! He always takes his time with you and finds out what your problem is and treats it! The wait to see him is sometimes very long, but it does not bother me at all. I know that when my turn comes, he will give me as much time as all his other patients, no matter how late it is. There are so many people who feel the same as I do, and that's why the wait is so long to see him. You won't find another Doctor more dedicated to his patients than Dr. Midcap.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	0	At first he was very helpful but after a diagnosis there is no to little attempt to look for a coenciding or even a differnent diagnosis that should be made.  I spent 8 years in agony recieving wrong treatment.  	2	1	3	2 	Insurance:Medicare
25	1	Dr. Midcap is very knowledgeable, but at times I'm not sure he understands what I'm trying to convey to him. I explained to him my constant headaches, body aches and general fatigue, and he offered Fioricet for migraines and suggested a sleep study for the fatigue. I tend to think this diagnosis is incorrect, but I'm giving him the benefit of the doubt. He recently helped me switch depression medication, and knew a lot about the characteristics of what I was taking and what I wanted to take; and he provided samples to make sure that this medication was what I needed before I paid for it. His staff is always helpful and courteous, and service is usually prompt.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
26	-1	got a hernia and infection after surgery. no bed-side manner. 	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	He is a wondefull doctor a+ 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	. One of the nicest professionals I have ever dealt with,just a great docter 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	Replaced one of my knees.  He is an excellent doctor.   Highly recommend! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
27	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	I agree with the previous rating...this guy did not listen, look at my records, and to also add: he wanted to try some experimental procedure even though I had told him how many other surgeries that were previously administered to my body...he still wanted to put an implant inside my back...&#63;&#63;&#63; I am at my whits end for dealing with the extreme and chronic back pain I have experienced for several years now.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
28	-1	Would not take the time to look at my records. Did not listen.  	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
29	-1	 	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Dr Milroy is the best dermatologist.  He is wonderful.  He reminds me of a teddy bear. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	He saw me within 45 minutes when I called about having shingles. He and his staff stayed after hours to help me, I was in misery. No other doctor I know cares so much about his patients, and he IS the best dermatologist in the state.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	0	He may be nice, but TRUST me, he needs to retire. 		1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	I saw this dermatologist twenty years ago. He diagnosed four separate skin problems and it all turned out to be something else! He wrote four separate prescriptions, none of which helped my problem. Dr. Parsons is by far Charleston's best dermatologist! 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Dr. Milroy is THE best at dermatology in this state. He is the nicest, kindest, most knowledgable doctor I have met in my 63 years. It is true he is hard to get an appointment with, due to his skills and reputation. It is true your visit make take longer than you expect, because he doesn't hurry with anyone and seriously sick people such as cancer patients are given priority. That is the way I want my doctor to be. It is kind of a catch 22 for a good doctor. People complain if they are rushed in and out during their visit and they also complain if the doctor takes too long to get to them. I personally do not mind waiting and getting a very thorough exam. I noticed in several of the previous ratings that they remarked he wasn't clear about explaining things. Nothing could be further from the truth. He explains everything in detail. You have to take time to listen.  		2	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
30	0	Dr. Milroy needs to retire. From what I heard at one time, he use to be the best dermatologist in the area. When you go to his office for an appointment, make sure you have nothing to do the rest of the day. You will be in the waiting room 2+ hours before even getting called back, then you wait another 45 minutes to an hour before you even see him. I ended up changing doctors because of this. 		1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Nice guy but didn't take a medical history & that worries me. Also takes forever to get an appointment. 		3	4	3 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	I just got back from my first dental work experience with Dr. Mosley, and I couldn't be more pleased. I don't know how much it will cost yet (it was just a filling, but it was a big tricky one), but for me it will be worth every penny because he is the first dentist I've had in a long time that I feel I can absolutely trust to take the best care of my teeth. I have a number of dental issues ranging from an open bite to congenital malformed dentin and weak enamel, which many previous dentists have not taken into account when developing treatment plans. Dr. Mosley, however, was very conscientious of my unique needs and took the time to explain his treatment very thoroughly to me, even drawing some simple diagrams. He seems to be extremely knowledgeable (I think he said he has been a dentist for about 37 years) and willing to put in the time his patients need in order to get the best results and to understand their dental health. I am THRILLED to have found him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
32	1	 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	She was very  understanding of my mother's age and problems, I think she is an excellent doc. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	Best doctor we have had in several states, especially helpful with a condition a number of specialists had missed or failed to treat 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	I never had to wait long in the waiting room. Always makes time to answer your questions and concerns. Very friendly. 		5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Excellent rapport with patients...Listens and actually talks to them not at them. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	Was late for intial consult (16 hours late). Spent a total of 15 minutes with the patient describing a procedure that had serious risks. Did not consult with the patient prior to the scheduled procedure. Patient was life-flighted--before surgery--due to complications that arose under the doctor's harmful and absent care. The risky procedure ended up not being performed. Another doctor reviewed the patient's charts, ran more tests and found the root of the problem--no risky surgery needed. Unfortunately, patient was left with diminished kidney functioning. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	I really like Dr. Molina's bedside manner.  He is very calm and straight forward.  I wasn't very impressed with his staff in his Charleston office, however.  They are not very friendly, and as a matter of fact, my PCP wanted to make a new referral for a new problem, and the billing dept called me to make sure that I paid a $7.50 balance at that scheduled appt.  I had just received my bill for my post op appt.  Prior to my surgery, I was called by the same dept, and was told four days prior to my surgery that I had to pay over $600 down, or had to reschedule my surgery.  The woman stated that she had just checked with my insurance company, and that was my share.  I immediately called my insurance company, and the woman was totally incorrect.  My share was only $80.  But, I had to pay that share with a credit card or I couldn't have my surgery.  Because of these practices, if I ever have anymore orthopedic issues, I will go to another doctor.  	2	3	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	I cannot say enough regarding this doctor. He diagnosed my mother with bone cancer about 12 or so years ago. She passed away in 1997, but with his help I knew what to expect from her illness. He is very knowledgeable in his field and is very concerned about his patients. Thanks Dr. Molina for kindness and compassion! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	My family uses Dr. Molina for any bone injury we have. He's very very knowledgeable and very helpful! You may have to wait a while to get an appointment and then wait for a little while out in the waiting room, but it's worth the wait!!!! 		2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	0	His stall is more helpful than he is.  	2	1	2	3 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
39	1	She is great.  spends lots of time with you and answers all your questions 	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Sask Health
39	1	she is very helpful,knowledgeable and care very much for her patients. I took my mother to her and she is the first doctor to diganose her problem.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
40	1	My three kids (a singleton and a set of twins)all have been patients of Dr. Momen since their births. My oldest (6 years old) calls Dr. Momen &quot;my friend&quot;. He gets upset when one of the other kids &quot;gets&quot; to go see Dr. Momen and he doesn't get to go. When all three (at that time 3 years, 4 months, and 4 months) had to be admitted to the hospital for a few days due to a respiratory infection, he went out of his way to make things as easy and comfortable as possible for us, including making arrangements for all 3 kids to be in the same room. Any time I call with a concern, I am given information or an appointment very quickly. Follow-up phone calls are often part of illness treatment, and are handled by Dr. Momen personally, not a nurse. Also, immunizations are administered by Dr. Momen, not a nurse. I wouldn't trust my kids to anyone but the best. That is why they are patients of Dr.  Joseph Momen! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	During my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was an amazing success!Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Dr. MacKay is one of the most knowledgable and caring physician.  She &quot;listens&quot; to her patients, which to me, is a key to treatment.  Rate her very high! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	DR.MAXWELL REMOVED MY GALLBLADDER IN JUNE 07, HE DID A GREAT JOB AND I HEALED QUICKLY. HE'S A GREAT SURGEON. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	I visited this Dr on 3 occasions when I was in search of a PCP and ultimately a referral to a rheumatologist.  After each appt I was left disappointed and upset. I felt that my concerns were not being addressed. The wait time for appts can be lengthy aswell. 	 8/4/11	3	2	1	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Skilled Internist, Skilled in supporting diabetic patients. He was called in as an experienced consult for a very serious skin condition.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	-1	. this so called doctor,failed to provide the proper care for diabetes ,which resulted in blindness,as well as relapse of polio in one patient! beware!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
44	1	Doctor Melvin Mann is so good, my insurance would not cover my family going to him anymore, they suggested another eye doc. who our insurance covers.  i still go to him and pay out of my pocket..   enuff said!!!!!!   PROFESSIONAL!!!   KNOWLEDGEABLE!!!!!!!!!   AND MOST IMPORTANTLY HE CARES!!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	I love this doctor...I've went to him for years and he ALWAYS goes the extra mile to see to my needs...I wanted contacts but have stigmatism in one eye and he was willing at NO extra cost to try every style on me until we found the best one for me...Years ago I had that infection in my eyes due to the bad batch of one of the eye care products on the market and nearly was blind with the infection.  I was sent away by regular doctors but Dr. Mann stood by me and made sure I got better and barely charged me anything.  I was nearly blind for a time with this condition and he was always there.  now I'm fully covered.  I highly recommend this doctor. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	I thought Dr. Mena was extremely knowledgeable.  He knew what tests to run according to the symptoms i told him, without hesitation; while no other doctor was able to give be a hint about my condition.  Dr. Mena diagnosed me with those blood tests and is now doing long term treatment.  I would recommend him, i did to my mother.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	-1	Doesn't seem to know very much about his specialty. He's good only for prescribing Armour thyroid meds.  	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	-1	you are right dr manchin is only in it for the money.  he doesn't listen or care about his patients. i had a back injury and was sent to chriropracter who wouldn't even work on me but dr manchin would only toss me off to one of his cro0nies.  no meds at all....  	5	2	2	2 	Insurance:Workers Comp
46	1	This was my first visit; only went to make appointment. Doctor seen me and before I departed I was examined, all tests were done, and all meds were corrected. This was after other doctors had my  meds messed up. Also I was referred to a top heart doctor since my heart and blood pressure is a top issue.The doctor is a no nonsense doctor and knows his business. He didn't waste my time and I like him personally. I am thankful that he cares about his patients; others who I have went to could learn from this doctor.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
46	-1	Dr. Manchin is in medicine to make money, plain &amp; simple. He makes you set up appointments to get test results to simply be told everything is fine. He makes you repeat tests unnecessarily. My family went through a very traumatic experience thinking something was wrong with my husband because Dr. Manchin kept ordering tests and not giving much explanation. We were only left to do internet research which had us convinced that he was going to die within 5 years. Come to find out, the tests were unnecessary. I wouldn't recommend seeing Dr. Manchin unless you enjoy being worried unnecessarily about your health &amp; spending more money that you need to. 	3	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
46	-1	Dr manchins brother is the governor of WV, he stopped all pain med dispension from all manchin clinics so if you are in pain, go some where else.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unicare
46	0	This doctor could be a better doctor if he read the charts and spent more time with his patients. He sees approximately 100 patients a day and it's big business. 		2	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	Dr. Mitchell has been great for all of the family. He is very thorough and caring as well.  I highly recommend him 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	1	He is one of the most caring doctors. There are very few doctors that call the patients home to check on them. He is great with diagnosis of your problem.  I think he is wonderful! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	-1	I went to this Dr. for over 10 years and I knew the entire time he was abusing drugs.  He finally got caught but still has the ability to practice. My wife double checked every Dx I was given. He is on probation with the AMA. He has violated his probation 1 time that I know of. Will never go back to him!!! Plus the office schedules patients at 10:00am but they know he will not arrive until after 1:00pm. Office staff allowed his drug abuse by not reporting him. 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
49	-1	Dr was rude and threatning to my 63 year Mother.  He kicked her out of the office after performing lasik surgery without protecting her eye because she could not afford the expensive eye drops he wanted to prescribe.  A Formal complaint has been filed.  Do not use this &quot;so called&quot; doctor.  Extremely unethical. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	My family and I see both Dr. Andrea and Dr. Alex.  We love seeing them and they are so nice to us.  We would recommend them to anyone.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
50	-1	If you want a doctor who never follows up &amp; has no idea how to schedule a referral, here's your guy! Assuming that no news is good news, can lead to a catastrophic health issue.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Anthem
51	1	Great Dr. She changed my life! What a wonderful program she has to offer! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
52	0	Isn't he in prison now&#63; He pleaded guilty to illegally distributing medication in September of 2010. 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	worked very hard to get to exactly what the problem was and did everything he could to fix it 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	Dr. Raji is a great and caring dr. He takes care of his patients and seems to have all the knowledge as to the latest medical needs. I would recommend him to any of my friends who need to see a Dr. he makes you feel more like a friend and family then a patient. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	. raj is the best doctor ever around this area  if he goes i dont know what i would do  there is no other doctors around that care as much as he does 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
52	1	Dr. Rajan Masih is a wonderful physician. Because of him, my husband is alive today. He has also been able to diagnose multiple medical problems with me and I am in the process of surgeries being done. His wife and family are wonderful. We are so blessed to have them in our area. This man has been able to help so many with medical problems and all of us out here need to thank him and do all we can to help him. He has given his all for us, let us band together and do all we can for him. Get signatures on petitions whatever it takes, lets go.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	Dr.Masih is a great doctor. I have had knee problems for years now and he has helped me a great deal. He so kind and knowledgeable....  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	Dr.Raj is the most outstanding doctor I have ever been to.The doctor I had before him misdiagnosed me and almost killed me.I went to   Dr.Masih and he gave me the right diagnosis that saved my life.He explained everything to me about my condition and it is because of him that I am alive today.I will forever be thankful to him.I wish there were more doctors out there like him that actually take there oath to heart.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	0	i like masih he has a good attuide but u know he always wants to force pain meds on u ..... if ur toe hurts he gives u a high pain pill which is ridiculus ....  	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
52	1	Dr. Masih is more than my doctor he is like family to me. He has really helped me through a lot over the years. He is a caring doctor who loves his patients and would not harm him in any way. He's the best doctor we have in the area.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	Raj is the best doctor I know of. He's been my doctor ever since i could remember. I would't been able to get through my anxiety and panic attacks without him.  He's helped me with a lot 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	This is without a doubt the most knowledgable, caring and driven physician I have ever been to. I say knowledgable because he has been able to diagnose anything that me, my friends and family have brought to his attention. Caring because he has a genuine concern for his patients and their ailments, even during a chaotic day he is constantly apologetic for how busy the clinic is. He really does have a heart of gold and many other doctors should aspire to his caliber. I say driven because he will not hesitate once second to run any and all tests it takes to get to the root of your problem rather than just writing it off as something simple and assume the patient is overexagerating like most other doctors do. Obviously having a startup is going to be hectic which will eventually take care of themselves as they work together as a team but I will admit that it seems that his wife causes quite a bit of chaos on her own.  	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	I like Dr. Masih alot to me he is a great doctor and takes care of your problem.  I would and will recommend him to all my friends and family 	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
52	1	This is the best clinic I've ever been to.  They genuinely care about their patients.  Starting a practice is a very difficult thing to do, but they are a definite success.  It is also very hard to put together a staff who work together and are a team.  Through some attempts, this has happened as well.  Dr. Masih and his lovely wife have helped so many people.  People who had no where else to go.  It is unfortunate that those who were only trying to use this wonderful couple find it necessary to bash them and their services.  West Virginia is so lucky to have this clinic and this wonderful family to count among our own.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
52	1	Always wants to prescribe narcotics for pain, but does change the prescription when I complain.  	3	3	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Masih's for several years. He is an outstanding Doctor, I have always been treated with respect by him and his staff. For those who are bashing his wife..I have met her and she is very nice and respectful. I have suffered sometimes debilitating migraines and there were times when I could barely hold my head up and Dr. Masih took me straight back instead of making me wait for several hours. He immediately treated my migraine. He is very kind and considerate and he has a great staff.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	I had a heartattack and he flew me to winchester and he had the heartattack stopped in 30 mins and all I had to pay was 60.00 sixty dallors 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	I have been seeing Dr. Rajan Masih for over a year now, he is awesome, always friendly and very helpful and genuinely concerned. His wife is an inconciderate ****! Most of the staff are young kids, rude and inconciderate but Raj is great if they let you talk to him. He needs his wife out of there she is very jealous of pretty young girls and is rude to his patients. I tolerate this only to see him because he has helped me soo much. Go Raj! 	1	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	in my opinion, he did not give the patient the best care possible....  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	I thought this doctor was good. He explained stuff the way I needed it to be explained (when asked). He showed that he actually cared about my mom. I would recommend him to anyone. 	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	This doctor has a terrible bed-side manner.  He was very arrogant and condescending when attempting to answer to questions for a terminal pancreatic cancer patient.  He was very vague with the patient and family regarding the type of cancer and possible treatment options/lack thereof.  He did not attempt to explain the full ramifications of the chemotherapy that he recommended for treatment. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Very helpful and caring 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	-1	. they dont ask you anything about what problems you are having he says ill fix yu rigt up then callsin a prescription for who knows what doesnt check for interactions with other drugs or antything very bad fo your health dont you think 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
56	1	good doctor, seemed to care about you and talked to you, not over your head 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	-1	He wasn't helpful when providing information necessary for my wc case.  I just wanted him to say the truth.  Every appointment he would be unprofessional. I contracted H-pylori after I was in his office.  He said he had it.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
57	1	Dr. MacFarland is a wonderful, caring doctor but her office staff is the worse I've seen anywhere!  They do not return your calls, even the hospitals have a hard time getting in touch with the doctor because the staff don't give her the messages.  I really like Dr. MacFarland and she really cares about her patients.  Her PA, Sara, is also a very caring person and is great with patients.  	2	3	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
57	1	Dr. MacFarland is a wonderful, caring doctor. She always takes time to listen to you and your concerns and she will go out of her way to help you any way she can. I would highly recommend her to anyone.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
57	1	She is great, but I can't get to see her. I always get her PA and he is worthless. 		2	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
58	-1	Very poor in doctor-patient relations. Autocratic and brusque. Didn't care what I had to say, only what he had to say. Watched the clock the whole time and yawned.  	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	0	He was gung ho to do surgery on my back until he realized it was an aggravation of a previous work related injury. The receptionist had &quot;jokingly&quot; told me not to even mention Worker's Comp to Dr. Mazagri when she asked for my insurance card.  	3	1	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	He is a very good surgeon and he helped me with my back as quickly has possible after all tests were run. He was so very nice and he even prays for his patients before he does surgery on them.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
60	-1	Made a crown for tooth .. it hurt for a year .. could not fix it.  Made me feel very uncomfortable.   when it was too much to take, finally went back again to complain and said if he was going to charge me again to do NOTHING.  He said he would not charge me.   Was very rough and hurt me then I got a BILL anyway.  Horrible, mough still is awful and it has been over 2 years.  Can not afford to have it redone because insurance will only pay their portion once very 5 years.  He ruined my mouth.   DO NOT GO THERE.  Bad dentist and a liar.  	4	5	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	-1	Unprofessional and lack of customer service skills. 	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	.  I USED SEVERAL DENTIST BEFORE  I FOUND HIM.  HE AND HIS STAFF ARE THE BEST YOU CAN GET.  I TRUST NO OTHER.  HE REALLY KNOWS WHAT HE IS DOING, IS UP TO DATE ON ALL PROCEDURES.  HE HAS EVEN COME TO THE OFFICE ON THE WEEKEND TO SEE ME FOR AN EMERGENCY.  HIS FEES REASONABLE.  I THINK HE IS A GREAT DENTIST. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	-1	Dr McWatters showed a lack of professionalism when my daughter had gone to a different dentist after she tried calling & leaving messages with his  answering service (later to hear from him that they had been having problems getting messages).  He made a point to tell me he was mad at her --- then when she came to her next appointment he was rude to her in front of his staff & then on my 2nd visit after this - he again mentioned that he was mad at my daughter -- we both had explained how much pain she was in & it was due  to him delaying treatment in the first place -- he needs to get over being mad at his patients & treat them with respect --- we have both gone on to different dentists -- we could not have stayed with his office & felt secure that we would have received the best care any longer.  we have gone to him for years & I was very disappointed in his actions. 	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	Had to keep calling office for over a month to get test results.  Was told that results would be mailed with no opportunity to talk to doctor about what results mean.  Every time I call the office, I am put on hold, over and over, for 20 minutes or more.  I will now have to take my test results to my family doctor and pay for another visit to have my results explained to me. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	Dr Mullen is the best of the best.He gets to know his patients and really cares about them,he is very over worked but still keeps his appointments and takes time to discuss your problems throughly which helps leads to his being late for the next appointment. But I'm sure his patients all know how blessed they are to have such a great and caring Doc that a little wait is well worth it 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	Dr. Mullen is very knowledgeable and thorough.  Even though he is terribly overworked (due to his expertise in critical care), he takes time to listen, asks and answers questions and focuses his energy on the patient.  You can tell he has a passion for medicine.  This man was born to be a physician.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	Dr. Mullen is a fantastic Dr. He makes you his primary concern.  He is an acceptional physician and is a true blessing.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	He is a great doctor and is now located in Martinsburg, WV.  So glad to have him here. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	dr mac is the best!  Caring, great bed side manner and very knowlegable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	Dr. Mosman is the best doctor I have ever dealt with and theres been many. He is very friendly and helpful. He has been my sons doctor since birth and my son is now 5. I recommend him to all the new parents.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	I absolutely adore Dr. Mosman and so do my children.  He is a fantastic physician with a true love for his patients.  His knowledge is unmatched, and I trust his opinion greatly.  He never rushes the appointment and he truly takes the time to hear all of your concerns.  More doctors could take a lesson from him.  I would recommend him to anyone looking for a pediatrician. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	Both Dr. Mossman and Dr. Reuben are wonderful doctors. They are always responsive to the needs of my family 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	Both Dr. Mosman and Dr. Ruben are fantastic! They will listen to your concerns and take as much time needed to explain things in detail. I have also called for sick visits a few times and have always gotten an appointment that day, in fact, a lot of times they told me to come right in! My kids love them, I would recommend them to anyone.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	Dr. Mosman is a wonderful doctor.  He is great with my daughter, always takes time to talk with you.  It's easy to see he really cares about the kids he is taking care of.  I wouldn't go anywhere else. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	The first time I visited Dr. Mosman's office, I was immediately put at ease. The staff is friendly, and the doctor is exceptionaly good with small children. I've always felt comfortable calling in with questions, and never feel rushed when I'm in the office with my kids. I highly recommend this pediatrician.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	Dr. Mosman is very thorough and professional. I would recommend him to my friends. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	Excellent rapport with small children. Very accessible during those off-hours problems that come up so often with kids of the same age. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	0	Outragious amount for physician's assistant office visit. Stuck a nasopharyngoscope up my nose without saying it would be an additional expense and charged $285.00 to do it. Took about one minute or less. This was not a scheduled event and Blue Cross/Blue Shield coded it as an &quot;in-office procedure&quot; or some such thing and treated it as out-patient surgery. What a rip-off. I called their office to speak to the insurance claims person and she said she'd have to get with &quot;the provider.&quot; No calls. Just received a bill for the full amount. I have NEVER, in over 25 years, paid this much out-of-pocket expense for an office visit.  NEVER! 	3	1	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	Dr. Milhoan is a very nice & caring doctor with a staff that is just as helpful. I haven't had any problems with any of them but I also know that everyone can have an &quot;off&quot; day. As for the comment regarding the copay, you are aware of owing this before the doctor sees you, I understand that it can also be forgotten but you don't go to a restaurant/grocery store & not pay when it's time to check out. Give the office staff a break. She is only doing her job & that office really gets hecktic. 	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	I'm a client of a different caliber but he has saved my life twice now. If he doesn't know something he gets the right doctor in to help. He is awesome; however, if you have a co-pay make sure you have a means of payment with you. The other day a mother of two small children, both with her, was getting a rash over forgetting her $30 co-pay. The woman explained she was rushed getting out the door and had just forgotten it. She went on to say she lived 3 blocks away and would bring it right back. The worker went on an on and on. He needs to get rid of her, but he is great. LOVE RN GEORGIA! Great personality! 	2	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	I would recommend Dr. Milhoan to anyone.  He is very knowledgeable and has a wonderful bedside manner. He is wonderful with my children and honestly cares about you as a patient.  Like any other physician he can be pressed for time and in a hurry, but despite this he takes the time to answer your questions.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	He is very smart and has a wonderful beside manner. He is also double board certified in both Internal Medicine and Pediatrics. He stays up-to-date on all the latest information. He is very sensible when talking to the patient or child by putting information in terms that can be understood.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	great staff doctor takes plenty of time explaining everything 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Dr Mills is a good doctor but I waited for almost 2 hours (with a scheduled appointment) to see the doctor.  		1	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	Excellent doctor. Very kind and patient.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	1	Dr. Miller has improved my life dramatically, and in only 6 months.  I came to him at the lowest point, slightly agoraphobic and fearful of losing my job after a dismal performance evaluation.  Now I have been promoted, and little setbacks no longer ruin my day.  He is the ultimate &quot;friend in deed&quot;.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
70	1	Dr. Miller is great. I struggled with other physicians to help relieve the pain in my knee. I went to see him in a month I was scheduled for surgery  and the pain relief was there. A knee that hurt constantly every day know does not hurt constantly. He is a no mess around kind of doctor. Let's do and get on the way to recovery. I highly recommend him.  He explains everything and his staff is so helpful!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
70	1	Dr. Miller is a very nice and educated doctor. i would use his services again 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	-1	they are terrible un cardinal Ped. Staff messes up appointments and Dr. treats moms like they are stupid...They are just terrible there! 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
72	0	Dr.McCammon is a nut case, end of story. I am 27 weeks and now have to switch doctors. You have to wait weeks for test results if you ever even get them. I have seen her a total of 2 times since I have started seeing her at 8 weeks! She is never there, she always has an excuse whether it be her back or some other &quot;problem&quot; she is having. She doesn't explain anything and for me being a first time mother that is very important to me. Her beside manner is terrible and she is not very gentle with you at all. I would never recommend her to anyone.  	1	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unicare
72	1	I had to switch doctors because of a long distance move and chose Dr. McCammon. She has delivered 3 of my children, and I'm very happy with her. She's always helpful and informative. I've talked my friends into going to her as well, and they have never had an issue as well! I highly recommend her.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	0	this doctor done a hysterectomy on my mother and she has since been having issues that we do not at all consider normal and they have been telling us it was. well they finally done a biopsy and we have now been waiting two weeks for results that the recptionists told us they have but we have never received a call from the doctor telling us what they are (very stressful). apparently they have never been on this side of this kind of ordeal, having to wait and wonder if my mother may or may not have cancer. i am very upset that we have told them for months that something was wrong and they continued to tell us it was normal until now, and that they have taken action and done the biopsy we cant seem to get the results from them. the receptionists are very rude and act as if they dont want to be bothered with anything and will get to you when its convenient for them. they dont seem to care that people worry and they are there to help not be rude!!!! dr. seems ok but front people are rude.  	1	2	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	0	I saw her while I was pregnant.  She did a cervical biopsy on me, which I considered to be risky.  Then, when my pregnancy was switched to high risk, she never notified me that I was no longer to be seeing her and instead to be going strictly to Morgantown.  I went to my appointment, sat in the waiting for almost 2 hours, only for a nurse to call me back into a room and tell me that I was no longer her patient.  So, I had to leave. 	3	1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
73	-1	He talked a lot of jabber...if you had pain after an adjustment...it was because of something you did not him...Just a crazy experience 	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
74	-1	I went to Dr. Minor numerous times with the same complaint and everytime he took blood and sent me on my way. Days later a staff member would call me and say I have elivated white cell count and it MUST be an inner ear infection. I asked numerous times if we could get to the bottom of this cause I have no other symptoms and how are these antibiotics not getting rid of it. They argued with me and insisted it was an ear infection. I went to another doctor, told them the issues, they sent me to a specialist and I had a bacterial infection that required tageting antibiotics to get rid of it. 4 Appointment, 4 blood drawn, 4 co-payments, 4 lab fees, 4 needless prescriptions.... and all I needed was a doctor to show intrest 1 time! 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	Went to him for 15 years. I would stay with him, but it will be too much of a trip from Florida.  He is very caring about his patients. He is also current on new procedures.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	She is a great doctor! Really cares and always listens to you 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	Very good doctor, not only cares about yur eyes, but if he notices a condition like high cholestoral, he advises you to see your personal doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	-1	This doctor diagnoses everyone with cataracts, and makes it sound like you are going to go blind.  Do not go to this doctor!! 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	1	She is a good doctor. Available for new patients. Listens and understands. She is thorough. I would recommend her to other working professional women.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	-1	left my mother sitting for hours in a cold waiting room and then only gave her 1 minute of his time. 	5	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	One of the best doctors I've experienced, even if he is at a place that is generally not well run.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
79	1	GREAT, GREAT, GREAT! KNOWS HIS STUFF-HE COULD DO PROCEDURES BLINDFOLDED-HE IS THAT GOOD.  NICE MAN! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	Jennifer is soft-spoken, but she is also very patient and kind.  The entire office is wonderful.  It doesn't matter whom we might have to see if Jennifer is unavailable, any one of them has already examined or been made aware of what is going on with your child.  It is absolutely wonderful how they all work together, and form second or third opinions when necessary.  Not to mention, they all are very good with children, and my son has never cried when he realized we were going to his pediatrician's office.  The only negative comment I have concerning Jennifer and the treament of my son is that I feel she prescribes antibotics too frequently, after too-many-to-count ear infections and countless antibiotics, I had to specifically request to be referred to a specialist to try and get the problem resolved.  Other than that, I have nothing but good things to say about Jennifer and the whole team at this office. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	Although my kids are regularly patients of Dr. Joseph Momen, they have seen Dr. Jennifer Momen many times. She seems to be an excellent doctor. One thing I love about their practice is that they will often call one another in and quickly go over the situation at hand, to get a kind of &quot;in house&quot; second opinion and in the event that something comes up subsequently and the other doctors are on call, they know the situation. Dr. Momen also makes her own follow-up calls, instead of having them made by a nurse. The only slight criticism I would have of her is that she speaks very softly. Normally, that might not matter, but for a mother who sometimes has a screaming child (or two!) on her lap while trying to listen to the doctor's diagnosis and instructions, that soft-spoken voice is very difficult to hear. I guess if that is the only criticism you have for a doctor, she must be doing pretty well. Overall, I would easily recommend Dr. Jennifer Momen to friends and family.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	Jennifer is a wonderful doctor.  She is polite and listens to her patients.  We left an incredible doctor in California when we moved here and we were very apprehensive about finding a new one.  She seemed a little nervous the first year, but she's an incredible doctor so far.  Joseph Momen helps her out, which should rest anyone's conscience about her young age.  We feel very fortunate to have found such excellent doctors!  Very lucky indeed.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	-1	I think DR Meadows is VERY LAZY! If your visit iscomplcated or he has to fill out any paper work then it wont get done,find another DR.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	-1	One would be advised to stay away from this Doctor.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	-1	Lied about my wife and made up stories and falsified health records.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	. Helpful with my problems knew what I was going thru and made insightful comments about my injury and the overall outcome 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	-1	Don't trust this doctor. He doesn't tell the truth.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
83	1	Excellent Doctor!I'd drive 500 miles to see him if I had to....... just a GREAT doctor!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	I never have a problem getting in to see Dr. Miller. Her staff is very helpful and polite and she is very approachable. She is not afraid to refer you to a specialist if the diagnosis is beyond her scope. I would highly recommend her to anyone in the Glenville area. 	 4/4/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	She is a very careful thoughtful Dr if shes not sure of her diagnosis she always refers you to someone she is knowledgeable of.Our family love her and if she was to leave Glenville i would follow. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	ALL ABOUT MONEY WITH THESE GUYS!!HAD SEVERAL PROCEDURES PERFORMED THAT MY INSURANCE DID NOT COVER. WAS NEVER ADVISED THAT MY INSURANCE MAY NOT COVER THEM, THEN WAS STUCK WITH A VERY HIGH BILL. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS DENTIST TO MY WORST ENEMY.  	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	I had to get a PTK laser surgery on my left eye in the spring of 2009.  Dr. Mayle and his staff are very helpful.  My only complaint is that I had to go all the way to Morgantown to have the procedure done.  Other than the long drive, I was very happy.  They took the time to talk with me and explain everything. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	On several different occassions she has giving me incorrect information!!! She definately is a nice enough person but it takes more than that. 	4	4	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	The staff is friendly and they are good with children.  They are also very good at giving you an appointment in the near future. If they are running late they will make sure you know.  They also don't push for unnecessary procedures.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
89	1	Dr. Miller and her staff make dental visits very pleasant. The office is very organized and peaceful and the staff are all friendly. I've had cleanings and a filling done at this office, everything has gone well. For over a year, she's been watching a questionable tooth. It ended up turning into a cavity and she filled it, but she didn't fix it until the work needed to be done. She is thorough and has rationales to back up the information she gives. I've previously seen 5 other dentists and had a good deal of dental work, so I have others to compare Dr. Miller to. Thankfully, I've found the best dentist! Wouldn't want to see any other dentist, she's outstanding! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	Really cares about her patients! Great physician! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Dr. Joe is simply the best pediatrician I have ever used.  I have three kids and he is equally kind and caring to all of them.   The entire staff at ABC is professional and I think they are great! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	1	I feel he is a good Dr. but the wait was never fun. After repetitive sexual comments to myself (positions for concieveing a son, comments about my breast while breastfeeding, referring to a Pavlik harness as looking like a medieval sex device, etc) we switched to another group where I'm much happier. I also did not like that a person didn't answer the phone and you had to press this # for one thing, then another # for something else. It would take hours for a return call. I did like their office hours, working in the evenings and weekends.  	4	3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	1	My children love Dr. Joe!! I never have a problem when I tell them they need to go see Dr. Joe.  He is terrific with the children and is always going above and beyond the call of duty.  He is what every Doctor should strive to be! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Dr. Joe is wonderful. He is caring, responsive, explains anything you need and does so - so that anyone can understand. He has an excellent bedside manner and is not only professional but friendly. My kids all love him. He is the best pediatrician I have found since my older kids were little (my kids are 19,17,16,4 &amp; 2) I recommend him to anyone and everyone. I think he is excellent. All of my kids go there and all of them feel very comfortable with him. A++++ 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Dr Matusic has been taking care of my kids for 13 years. He is AWESOME!!! i gave him 1 point off for punctuality, but when you are this good you are in high demand- he sometimes gets behind but i feel that is because he is more concerned with making sure everything is covered and understood. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Dr Joe is wonderful. The best. I recommend him everywhere I go. He is very knowledable, great with kids, wonderful with parents. I have kids from the ages of 17 years down to 10 months. He does great with them all. They all enjoy him. I highly recommend him.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	1	best pediatrician I have ever dealt with...great staff, too. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	0	Joe is most likley a good pediatrician, he just sees way too many patients in a day!!!!!!!!! 		1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Dr. Joe is an excellent doctor. He is VERY knowledgable, LOVES kids and is an all around GREAT person! I appreciate his concern for his patients care and not so much about the money. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	Not only was I kept waiting for over an hour in the waiting room, but waited for another 20 minutes inside an office, while I could HEAR Dr. Morris across the hall, talking to his other patient about her diagnosis and treatment.  He is SO loud,it's got to be a HIPPA violation.  He was rude, unhelpful, and spoke to me like I was a child (and a deaf child, at that!) 	2	1	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
93	-1	i,have encountered this doctor two times each time 7yrs apart.his last name says it all .the first time he was rude and made belittling remarks!much to my dismay ,i once again was blessed with his presence in a different hospital,unbelievably,he hadn't changed he was rude and demeaning.just what i needed lying there suffering,the doctor telling me that i was being sick on purpose!oh , no ! don't delete this ,somebody needs to know this!there is something wrong with this man! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	Very good, very nice doctor.  He helped me a lot.  He didn't just give me a prescription for something, he actually investigated the problem and treated me appropriately.  He did not overmedicate me but he gave me exactly what I needed.  He was always pleasant and knowledgeable.  He's a good listener.  I'm sorry I lost my insurance; if I hadn't I would still be going to him. 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	Very nice person, always pleasant. Prescribes appropriate treatment. Does not over medicate but will prescribe what is needed. Overall an excellent doc. 		5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
95	-1	I have Chiari,All the treatment in 17 yrs. I have received from him is &quot;Walk 5 steps for me&quot;, THATS IT!,2 wks ago he disappeared in the middle of the office visit,after sev. min's I looked for him and I was told &quot;He left,He had a Dentist appo.&quot;...THATS SO RUDE AND NOT PROFESSIONAL..a week later I asked 4 a referral to OSU and I was told,..&quot;Dr.Morehead will not give you the referral&quot;.,He Grad. in 1970,,HE CLEARLY DOES NOT KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT CHIARI, I HAD TO LEARN IT THE HARD WAY!..I'm GETTING real HELP now, With no help from whats his name!  (shame on him!) 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
95	-1	I did not find this doctor helpful.  I felt he gave me no guidance on the proper steps to take.  If he had some reason for his lack of advice/assistance I have no clue what it was.  I felt that the questions my parents asked were answered more by me than by him. 	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
95	0	I had no insurance. Had expensive test.He only charged me $40. 	5	5	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	He is a 10. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	he is a fine person an he did a great job yes i do mention their was a little pain but compared too what it would be like without the treatment. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	-1	 		5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	He is a nice, personable gentleman. The treatments are too much, and my gums hurt afterword. His breath wasn't that pleasant, and I question the sterilization of the instruments. When I was there last he had no one in the office but him, and the time in between me and the previous patient was very soon. I don't care about punctuality as much as quality health care. 		5	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
97	-1	He is very impatient and rough on the gums. I would rather have had an appointment with the proctologist. Also, can you say poor house and a home equity loan&#63; 		5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	EXCELLENT doctor.  Cares so much for his patients.  There have been a couple of times in the years we have gone to him that either my husband or I have had a particularly stubborn problem and one time he called us to check on us and the other time encouraged us to call back from a trip if not better and he'd work with us long-distance.  Incredible.  As mentioned before, if he doesn't no what's wrong, he refers to someone who does.  I've never had him just ignore a patient's concerns.  The only drawback (which is the case with most every doctor) is the occasional lengthy wait to get in.  Always spends as much time as necessary with his patients to hear them and recommend a course of treatment. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	-1	PLEASE BE CAREFUL IF YOUR ACCEPTED AS A NEW PATIENT. I WAS TOLD HE WOULD ACCEPT ME IF I GOT MY RECORDS. I PAID TO GET MY RECORDS TO FIND OUT THAT HE WOULDNT TAKE ME BECAUSE HE FELT HE COULDNT ACCOMIDATE MY NEEDS.NOW I HAVE NO DOCTOR.I THOUGHT THAT DOCTORS TAKE AN OATH TO HELP PEPLE IF THEY CANT ACCEPT YOU THEY SHOULDNT SAY THEY WILL THEN CHANGE THERE MIND.HE HAS DONE THIS TO OTHERS. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	Dr. Mason is the most caring and helpful doctor that I haev ever went to.  He is never in a hurry and no matter what question you ask him you will not feel stupid for asking it.  He has helped me both physically and mentally.  Always caring how I am feeling and also ask about my family.  He treats my husband also and we both just love him alot.   I am just so thankful that I was able to be one of his patients 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	1	he takes his time and if he doesnt know the answer he'll send you to some one who can. he's very efficient and professional, yet caring.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
98	1	You will never find a better doctor in his area! He is intelligent, caring, empathetic and take time to listen to everything you have to say. He never rushes people out the door, yet I rarely have to wait long. His staff is just as great in their roles. I am a tough critic and generally mention any and all shortfalls during a review, but Dr. Mason and his staff are 110% A+ in every area. A doctor is a person you literally trust with your life. Past doctors have not always made me feel like I can do that, but Dr. Mason is one of the best...not only in his town but I'd put him against any MD in the country. I found this site while looking for his phone number. I didn't set out to write a review. But he deserves professional praise. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	Great doctor...great staff.... LOUSY wait times! More than an hour every single time is just silly 	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	1	I first met Dr. Marra 14 years ago in the ER, when my nephew broke his wrist. He was polite and very informative. I have since been working with him for the past 11 years, I will tell you this. Dr. Marra is a very intelligent and professional person, he is straight forward and honest. If he tells you there is nothing he can do and refers you to someone else, then he is just being honest, would you rather he do something that is out of his scope of practice and screw your foot up&#63; Im sure you would really have something to complain about then, believe it or not, not every surgeon can do every procedure! Dr. Marra keeps up with the latest medical information, he takes all precautions to prevent infections and to provide the best care he can. I would trust him with myself or any member of my family. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	Dr.Marra is the best, there is no one else in this area that I would consider going to. He fixed my ankle and I am back to work and just fine! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	Dr. Marra was professional and knowledgable. I have a friend who works as a surgeon at the same hospital. All the other surgeons go to Dr Marra to fix their broken bones and torn ligaments.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	1	I have read these reviews and feel the need to respond to them.  Dr. Marra replaced my knee in 2008.  I recently went to my 41st class reunion and boogied the night away.  You can't do that with a knee that doesn't work.  He is very informative and will spend as much time with you as you need.  If you have no questions, you only get the time needed for him to explain what he thinks you need to answer your problem.  If you have more questions, for crying out loud ask them.  He is very amiable and his patients love him because of these reasons.  The time spent in his waiting room is mostly due to the time he takes with patients who need it.  How many specialists have you people seen&#63;  The waiting room time is ALWAYS long!! At least we all seem to agree on one thing, the staff is GREAT!!  As for referring people to someone else, isn't it refreshing to know that a doctor doesn't keep you coming back if it is a problem that he doesn't ususally deal with&#63;&#63;  That would make me happy. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	I recently broke my ankle and needed surgery to fix it, I work at the hospital and Dr. Marra was the only person I wanted to fix me, I am healing really well, and could not be happier with my care, the office staff was wonderful. I would recommend Dr. Marra to anyone who needs an orthopedic surgeon! He is the best 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	-1	. dr marra saved my arm but he was quit havent the no personality but i tore my acl 2 times and i got a caadaver in it but if i was u i would go to cleveland clinic and go to dr, richard parker dont get my e wong ddr marra is a good doctor 	4	1	3	1 	Insurance:Medicare
99	0	Time spent in the waiting room is ridiculous...more than an hour. Staff seems nice but he doesn't say much and when I left I feel like it was a waste being there like he was bored. 	5	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	Last October, Dr. Marra operated on my shoulder which had been damaged badly in a fall.  He explained everything as it arose and was forthcoming with any explanations.  My shoulder surgery is 10 months old.  Except for minor twinges, I have no problems.  I can raise my arm above my head with no pain.  Prior to the surgery, I couldn't raise it beyond my waistline.  I didn't expect nor require a warm, fuzzy relationship, but I did want clear, concise explanations and directions.  Dr. Marra fulfilled those expections.  I followed his directions precisely and the physical therapy was beneficial.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
99	1	Dr. Marra did surgery on my left knee.  I had 2 meniscus tears, arthritis and spers.  Before surgery he explained everything he would be doing.  He was very straight forward, informative, intentive and I felt very comfortable with him.  After surgery he should me before and after films and told me exactly what he had to do.  I went to physical therapy and then went back to see him.  He told me it would probably take 6 months for me to really see a difference.  April will be a year and the pain is gone (except when it rains) and it is mild.  His bedside manner was great.  I will definitely go back to him if I have anymore problems.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	1	As a physical therapist working in sports medicine and rehab for over 16 years, I have dealt with many  orthopedic surgeons, surgery outcomes and the rehab process.  I chose Dr. Marra for my ACL reconstruction and could not have been happier.  I am now 6 months post-op and nearly 95% recovered. As I write this, I have just finished 10 miles on my stationary bike and jogging 1.5 miles on my treadmill.  Dr. Marra is not the type to &quot;sugar coat&quot; anything and is known to be straight forward.  He was caring and attentive and I feel I received the best of care.     P.S.  Make sure you follow your physical therapy precisely! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	-1	He was extremely rude. He looked at my foot and said he didn't know what to do. Referred me to another doctor. However, very friendly staff excluding him. 		1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
99	-1	Dr. Marra stated that my sons problem was in our heads and not real. He was very rude and did not help at all. My son has been receiving care through Easter Seals for years. I sincerely doubt that out of all the doctors he has seen in the last 10 years that they all were &quot;fooled&quot; by our &quot;phychosomatic&quot; problems. Dr. Marra is the only one who could not do anything for us. 		5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	VERY pleased with my care at Dr. Marra's office. Friendly staff---super nurse---great doctor. Would recommend him highly.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
