dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
5	-1	commentsI was not pleased with my care given. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	 Having lost track of Dr. Watson when he left the Jane Lew area I was thrilled to find him again in the Glenville. Dr. Watson has always been courteous and professional. I can't imagine him treating anyone as stated in the previous remarks, unless he was correct resulting in such angry remarks.  Being someone who is reluctant to trust doctors Dr. Watson has always been understanding and helpful in his approach. I would recommend him without hesitation to anyone seeking a caring primary physician.   Lori D.  Jane Lew 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	-1	commentsThis Dr. is one of the most unsympothic dr's I have EVER SEEN!! Board needs to review this mans (persons) license BIG time!!! Let's a person leave with fatal infection and give them nothing, and no diagnioas. Was so rude w/me had me crying. NEVER EVER AGAIN!!! If you even mention a med you have taken..he assummes your a junkie..people could die from this person, he is at Glenville now at Minnie Hamilton. 	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	.  Lied to me about my diagnoses and dose is not very sympithetic twords pain issues 	5	4	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
24	1	 Very nice man.  Retiring soon I believe.  Was wonderful delivering my baby.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
24	1	commentsvery nice, quick in and out. Paid/Co-pay:$15		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	commentsHe is very patient,compassionate,and thorough.  He will not hesitate to send you to a specialist if he can not find the answer.  He is definitely in the field that  his calling. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	commentsDr Wade always has the time to explain his plan of treatment and answers any questions you may have. A very wonderful doctor! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	 Dr. Wade is very attentive to his patients. He spends time with you and makes you feel that you are his only patient. He listens and tries to solve your problem as quickly and mannerly as possible.  	3	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
32	-1	commentsA doctor who pushes medicines on gay people.A very bad doctor and person. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	 Amazing lady best doctor I have seen and the man before me did you happen to take first grade english&#63; It looks like you did not.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$21
32	-1	.   	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
32	-1	commentsI was used as a lab rat when I was a teenager this woman shouldn't be a doctor she's not even a human being.I seen my medical records when I turned 18 years old, I couldn't believe the lies in those records,don't take your child to this person. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	 Dr. Walker is a very respectful and good Doctor.  I have had problems with my back and he didn't stop until he found out what was wrong.  He is the best Doctor I have ever went to and I will contiue to see him as long as he is working.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
39	1	commentsI am very pleased with Dr. Walker!  He is a wonderful person and Doctor.  He has been treating me and my children now since the pediatrician left there!  He cares, he listens, and he helps in everyway possible!  He goes above and beyond to make sure you are diagnosed and treated correctly!  He has been a blessing to my entire family!  I trust him with our lives!  I hope Dr. Walker stays with us for a long, long time!  He has made me realize that there is a Doctor here that CARES for us not just for our money!  Thank you Dr. Walker for being a WONDERFUL and PERFECT Doctor! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	 This man is a very kind person, sweet and genuine, and is absolutely the best physician in our area.  He is very knowledgable in every aspect and is very very good at what he does.  He coming to our area is the best thing that has happened in a long time..  I hope he is around for many many more years! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
40	1	commentsI was shocked at the profanity this guy uses in his talk which I consider unprofessional coming from a doctor. We switched doctors after two visits. Was very egotist and very rude. 	4	5	3	4	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	 I've been to many psychiatrists in the area, trying to find one that actually cares about doing his job correctly. Dr Walker is the best by far! And as a bonus he's a likeable guy, too.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
47	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	commentsDr. Wallace may be a nice woman, but she is not a very good doctor.  My mother tried to have her diagnose an illness for 3 months, calling and visiting at least 10 times.  Turned out it was lung cancer.  Dr. Wallace had not seen it on an x-ray months before that.  She didn't even do a follow up x-ray after my mother had pneumonia. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	 she is the very best understandable person, doctor. help you in every way she can. she is really best doctor.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
61	1	commentsI find Dr. Wallace very personable and knowledgable.  She has helped me through several problems.  Her most important quality, to me, is that she listens, actally listens to what I have to say.  She respects a person's knowledge of their own body.  She does listen and if she thinks there is a better way to take care of something she goes that way.  She always calls me back, even in the middle of the night - even though she has children at home, she still cares for her patients.  In an emergency she makes time to see you.  My only complaint is that I often have to wait a long time to see her in her office (at times more then an hour).  But she is worth the wait.  She always takes time to listen to me and not treat me as just a number. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	 I really liked Janet Wallace.  It seems like there is always a long wait..like a few hours.  I think staff could be alittle more prompt on scheduling test and giving response on blood work.  But again, Janet is very personable and easy to talk to.  	4	1	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	.  I like Janet, but you have to wait a long time to see her, she spends a lot of time with her patients 		1	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	0	commentsDr. Walsh was knowledgeable about problems I had, but I did not feel like she addressed my concerns about my infertility. Needless to say I am seeing someone else. I found her helpful about regular check-ups, but I have been seeing her for over six months now and have still not been diagnosed with anything, also the wait to see her about anything takes quite a while. It could be typical around here for a Gyn. appt., but I want to figure out what is going on. 	5	5	2	4	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	 Dr. Walsh is an excellent, caring doctor. She takes the time to address your concerns and her entire staff is wonderful. I would refer her to anyone.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
86	1	 I have been going to Dr. Warren for over five years now and he is a very nice, respectful man. I recommend him highly. He will go out of his way to help you with whatever it is that is wrong with you. He is very knowledgeable in his field and will help you to the best of his abilities. The staff; very nice and polite.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	 excellent rapport w/ patients....has a very busy practice.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
