dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
2	-1	commentsExtremely rude and the worst bed side manner ive ever seen. my mother has been vomiting and in intense pain for weeks. dr barclay not only told her that there was nothing wrong with her, but he made her feel so inferior that she was visibly upset. Shame on you dr barclay, the patients that go to these facilities are the ones that assure you a pay check. I would love to see your press ganey scores and i cannot wait to get the survey in the mail. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	 I had just seen this Doctor at Mon General Hospital.He makes you feel there is nothing wrong with you and his comments makes you feel where you just want to give up on life.Yes I feel that away right now.All because your test don't show the pain.He makes you feels like your crazy in the head.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:HealthFirst
2	1	commentshe runs on time! 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	commentshe is an excellent compassionate doctor 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	commentsThis doctor did not look at me while talking with me, and made bizaare comments when I tried to discuss my history of depression with him. I was very uncomfortable with him, and soon found a much more compassionate physician. 		3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	commentsWe started going to Dr. Bailey about 2 years ago and at first everything was fine.  But for the past 6-8 months everything has gone down hill to the point we are considering looking for another Doctor. When you make an appointment you wait forever before you are seen, and then you are seen for maybe 10 mins. She has never taken lab work on my husband and I in the 2 years we have been going. I have also called and in the past had no problem with staff but whoever works front desk now needs a serious attitude adjustment. She is a complete witch! We do have insurance and work very hard and wish our doctor cared as well. 	2	1	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	 VERY unhappy with this dr!  She does not spend much time w/ you & is a very awkward person to talk to. I do not feel that she is that knowledgeable or helpful. The most frustrating part is that it is IMPOSSIBLE to talk to anyone on the phone when calling the office. Your only option is to leave a message. I have never had them return a call the same day & most of the time have to call 2 or 3 times to get anyone to call back. Staff is VERY RUDE! It's hard to feel that your doctor cares about your healthcare when it takes so much effort just to have a phone call returned. Took over 3 months to get a referral made. Have had problems w/ the billing dept. too. On more than 1 occasion the excuse of a staff member being sick has been used to explain why there is no punctuality. I feel that is a poor reason to ignore patients needs. Also, took more than a week to get a RX approved by her for insurance needs. She was not bothered that I was off my meds for over a week when I asked her about it.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	commentsGreat doctor. Actually took the time to listen to me and answer my questions. Explained different options to me and supported my decision. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	 Dr. Bailey is in & out & spends very little time with you. You spend more time waiting than actual time with her. Not very sociable. Office staff is rude & do not expect to ever talk to a human being when you call. Always have to leave a message for an appointment, etc. & hope that they return the call within the next 48hrs.  		2	2	2	Insurance:Medicare
6	0	comments 	4	4	4	1	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	commentsDr. Barber is a great dentist in Morgantown. She and her staff are extremely  friendly and knowledgeable and answered any questions I had regarding my treatment.  I am unsure about the previous negative reviews because this was not my experience at all. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	commentsShe has an attitude and is very rude.Her and some of her assistants stood in a circle out in hall talking quietly and I got the impression it was about me. This happened more than once. Made me feel stupid when I asked questions.  When I expressed my concerns about amalgam fillings and mercury, she actually put an ad out in the paper as to how safe these fillings are. 	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	commentsThis was the worst experience that I have ever had at a dentist office. First, I was told that the appointment for a new patient would be $218.00 and I get there and was told that it was $318.00 and that just included a cleaning and X-rays. The X-ray tech cut the roof of my mouth and under my tongue and it was sore for days. She seemed like she did not even want to be there. The dental hygenist cleaned my teeth and was very nice, but it seemed that my teeth were not even clean when she finished. The dentist came in for about 3 minutes and was very rude, just her whole attitude and the way that i was treated. I was told that I needed so much work done on my teeth by this dentist and I went to get a second opinion and the only thing that I needed was two fillings. I would not recommend this place at all!! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	commentsThis doctor was very rude, inconsiderate, and unknowledgible. 	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	commentsI was unable to make it to a STAT CT Scan because I could not drive, or find a ride. I called in the next day to explain this to Dr. Bailey, so that it could be re-scheduled. Instead, I was mailed a notice of termination as a patient. I had to find another doctor to go to in my area. 		1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	commentsDr. Ballester was my oncologist at Cancer Treatment Centers of America in Zion, IL from 1997-1999.  I had two stem cell transplants and the man is brilliant and truly gave me back my life.  Thank you. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	 Dr. Bandak is extremely helpful and knowledgeable in his field of practice. He made me feel very comfortable in his office. He was highly professional and kind. I would recommend him to anyone i meet needing a plastic surgeon.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
32	1	 I lost 80lbs and Dr. Bandak performed abdominoplasty on me.  He is a wonderful doctor.  My surgery turned out great.  I look better now then when I was in my twenties.  He and his staff were both kind and professional.  I am so glad I had him do my surgery.  I would recommend him to my friends and family in a heart beat.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	commentsDr Bandak is great. The staff is great. Very courteous and pleasant. He explained everything very well. The only negative is the wife/manager. She can be intrusive and seems pushy, but I love the doctor! 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	commentsDr Bandak is the only doctor for me.  He really cares about you and if you are happy with his work. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	 I really like Dr Bandakl.  He is very pleasant and willing to answer all questions.  He makes sure that he gives you his cell phone number.  Everything didn't go perfect and I had to have additional surgery.  I ended up in the hospital for 3 weeks.  He went out of town for 3 days and he made arrangements for his nurse to come in to change my dressing.   His wife and office staff are fantastic too' 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	commentsi was verry happy with what he did i tell every one about him!i tell them that he is the best surgeon to go to him !!!i would like to have more stuff dune like my leggs and arms but maybe later.but if i would rate him you cant cause theres not enought numbers he is the beast!!!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	 He explained everything I needed for my procedure to put me at ease prior to my surgery.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	commentsExcellent phsyician, kind, great staff at the JW office. 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	commentsHe gave up on me and another dr. In a completely unrelated specialty found my problem 	2	4	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	commentsSmart Doc.  Very flexible and helpful with my needs. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	 Great doctor. Been seeing him a couple years. Taking my new born daughter to him tomorrow. Great location as well if you're like me and hate down town charleston and big hospitals with terrible parking.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	.  great location near the airport plenty of free parking 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Coventry
39	-1	.  They tried to get me to pay over 3000 more than the insurance would pay! Very rough with patients I thought 	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Delta Dental
39	-1	 She told me that I had 13 cavities!!  Also, she sent me for a root canal, but when I got to the endodontist, they said there was no need for a root canal.  Despite that, I went back to get a cavity filled.  She put her instruments on my neck while she worked on my tooth.  I told her that I was not numb, twice, yet she continued to work until I made her stop.   Her staff are friendly, but worst dental experience of my life!! 	3	1	1	1	Insurance:CIGNA
39	1	commentsI am 53 years old and am in the beginning stages of Invisilign.  Dr. Bailey and her staff have been the most caring professionals I have ever experienced. Several years ago she removed all the &quot;silver&quot; from my mouth and replaced a crown that another dentist had messed up. I would hope that she will be my grandchildren's dentist because of her attention to appointment time (no waiting) and her extreme gentleness. I look forward to going to the dentist! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
39	-1	commentsI paid $1,747.00 for a root canal, core buildup and crown for tooth(#13). It was fractured during root canal and the crown was applied anyway.  The tooth was sensitive to the touch and was unable to eat on it.  An infection occured around the tooth and had to be extracted at another $205.00 by an oral surgeon.  The dentist talked all the while she was working on me and I wondered then how she could work and talk so much at the same time.  NOT VERY WELL OBVIOUSLY.  I chose this dentist because she is supposed to be very well trained and a smile artist and sure charges according to that reputation.  I can honestly say that my smile is not a nice as it was before I went to her.  She charges so much that she only has to work 3 days a week.  TUE, WED AND THURSDAY.  If you don't want you smile messed up look further for a dentist. 	1	2	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	commentsDr. Ballas is a wonderful physician and human being.  He is kind, considerate, and has a great personality.  He has a way of making you so at ease, which is not easy with this kind of specialty.  I always hated gynecology appointments, but Dr. Ballas makes it so much easier.  He is very thorough, gentle, and so knowledgeable. The first time I ever met him, was in the operating room ready to have a DNC because I was miscarrying.  My regular OB/GYN was on vacation, and thankfully Dr. Ballas was on call.  He made a point of coming into the holding area before I went in the OR, and held my hand and told me not to worry that he was going to take good care of me, and expressed how sorry he was that I had to go through this again (I had also miscarried my first baby). He was so good with my husband as well, assuring him it would all work out. I switched gynecologists soon after.  I have been a patient of Dr. Ballas for 5 years now, and I think the world of him.  He is the best =) 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	 Excellent doctor with great bedside manners and knowledge. He explains everything in a way that anybody understands.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Veterans Administration
52	1	 Excellent experience with a wonderful doctor. Dr.  Bailey was very helpful in answering all my questions and my daughter had an awesome experience! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
54	1	commentsOne of the best eye exams I have ever had.  He is a very thorough examiner. I would recommend him to anyone having problems with their eyes. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	commentsExcellent in balancing treatment-resistive condition combined with reproductive issues. I wish I had found her sooner. 	5	5	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	 A very caring Doctor. You might have to wait in the waiting but he takes his time with all patients.  		3	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
70	-1	.  This Doctor does not what he's doing IN my MMI he said I had bulging l1-l2  l2-l3  l5-s1 and that AP lumbar spin shows diffuse degene er ative changes with narrowing at l5-s1 but then my diagonsis is a lumbar strain and a right hip strain and I could back full dutys has CNA 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Workers Comp
70	-1	 Worker's comp set this app't up for an IME. My husband has multiple herniated dics and 1 bulging disc at his tale bone (according to his MRI). He is in alot of pain and can't stand or sit for very long at a time. Neurosurgeon put him below sendentary and told him he could not return to his regular job as a truck driver. After seeing Dr. Bachwitt, his report stated he could go back to full duty with no restrictions and that his injury was just a pulled muscle. My husband has worked his whole life and only missed 3 days of work in 25 years and workers comp and this &quot;so called doctor&quot; treated him like trash. He has been trying to get some relief since Nov of 2011. So in order to get him some help we are now going to use our own health insurance. I would NOT recommend this doctor to anyone even if he offered his services for free..  	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Workers Comp
70	-1	.  This Doctor has no clue what is going on!and should not be a Docter! 	3	2	1	2	Insurance:Anthem
70	-1	.   	5	3	1	1	Insurance:Workers Comp
70	-1	 WHY IS THIS DOCTOR STILL A DOCTOR&#63; I WAS SENT TO THIS DOC BY WORKERS COMP. FOR A THIRD IME, ALREADY BEEN TO 1 OF THEIR DOCS AND 1 OF MY OWN AT OHIO STATE UNIVERSITY, PLUS HAVE SEEN A NEUROSURGEON AT UHC IN CLARKSBURG, WV AND THEY ALL HAVE THE SAME OPINION, BLOWN DISCS. AND POSSIBLY NEED FUSION, AFTER EXHAUSTING ALL OTHER AVENUES, WELL WE HAVE DONE THAT, INJECTIONS, PT, RYZOTOMIES, AND EATING PAIN PILLS LIKE CRAZY SINCE NOV 2009 WHEN I WAS INJURED. THEN I GO TO THIS DOC WHO BY ALL MEANS IS FOR THE COMPANY, AND TAKE MY NEWEST MRI FOR HIM TO EXAMINE, AND THE ONLY THINGS HE HAS TO SAY TO ME AT MY APPOINTMENT IS BEND THIS WAY AND THAT.  THEN I GET HIS REPORT, AND HE STATES, I HAVE NOTHING THE WRONG WITH ME AND SHOULD RETURN TO FULL DUTY WORK, AND THAT I WAS NOT GIVING MY FULL ATTEMPTS WHEN TRYING TO BEND OVER AND SQUAT LIKE HE WANTED ME TO, WELL IT SENT UP SUCH A BIG RED FLAG THAT MY WC ADJUSTER IS SENDING TIS DOCS IME AROUND TO ALL THE OTHER DOCS IVE BEEN TO REVIEW AND CHECK HIS COMPENTENCE 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Workers Comp
70	-1	 I don't know why I was sent to this doctor for a back injury but he is a very poor doctor. Never hardly spoke a word to me other than to tell me how to move and what way. Then he reports back to my workers comp claim that I am able to return to work with full duties with 2 herniated disc and a buldging disc. What us awrong with these doctors today&#63;&#63;&#63; Nurse was nice other than that I wouldn't send my dog to him. sorry I feel that way but when someone can't even walk or have intercourse with their husband due to a bcak injury and they act like there is nothing awrong. I've worked all my life and get treated like trash. I hope that if you read this and you are scheduled and appt. with him that yu change your mind. The Receptionist was very nice also. Think about it. I'm in pain every single day of my life and I get this kind of treatment from a doctor. And he isn't even a neuro doctor either. I done what he asked and it hurt so bad that there was tears in my eyes.  Who cares&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63; 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Workers Comp
70	-1	.  Doesn't care,is just paid by employers to say whatever they want him to 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Workers Comp
70	-1	.  poor quality poor service disrespectful rude comments 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Workers Comp
70	-1	commentsI saw Dr. Bachwitt for a cyst on my wrist. At the time, I had a newborn baby, so lifting him was causing pain.  My husband went with me to the appt.  After Dr. Bachwitt examined my wrist and we discussed surgical removal of the cyst, he told me how I could take a book or hard object and slam it on the cyst to bust it and that my body would just absorb the fluid.  I left his office not knowing what to think. Neither did my husband.  So, I decided not to do anything or go to any other doctors and fortunately the pain subsided, although I still have the cyst. 	4	4	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
70	-1	 Verizon made my husband go to this Doctor. There were at least 3 other Doctors that advised my husband he needed surgery. This Doctor told my husband to his face that he agreed with a lot of what the other doctors said,that he needed to be off work to go through physical therapy and to a pain clinic. Then he turned around and advised Verizon that my husband did not have anything wrong with him and advised him to return to work. Because of this, my husband lost his job,benefits, retirement and a lot of faith in getting help. He has since found a REAL Doctor Josiah K Lilly that has helped giving him injections and pain medication he desperately needed as well as referring him to a surgeon in Florida to get surgery.  NO THANKS TO THIS SO CALLED DR Bachwitt and VERIZON! 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Aetna
76	0	commentsi think its **** he ran me threw $5000 woth of tests and wonth fix my right knee.they called the day before my knee surgery was supposed to happen and cancelled my surgery. try to find out why and noone will contact me back.they wont give me anything for the pain or fix my knee. i havent been able to strighten my leg out for a year now and they can care less. i pray to good they all burn in hell 	1	5	1	5	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	 Dr Bal did my ACL reconstruction and he was awesome. I'm now a year out and running 5 days a week with very few issues. Follow his directions and don't try to rush anything before he gives you the green light. I'd recommend him highly.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	commentsDr. Bal conducted ACI surgery on my right knee - a cutting edge surgery that most drs in WV have never even heard of.  He is a professional and capable Dr. and I would use him again. 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	 What can I say, what ever it is it isn’t enough …..He is a great DR .He knows what he is doing. I had three major surgeries in one on my right shoulder...I thought I was doing great then another issue not related to my shoulder happened. Following the other Dr.’s  orders I didn’t realize I was damaging my shoulder. In rides …..Dr. Bal to again repair the damage. I’ts painful and discouraging, and frankly I’ve had enough of the shoulder issue. But if he won’t give up, neither will I...  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	 Great bedside mannor! He treats you as if you are his onlt patient.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Workers Comp
76	1	commentsI was in a bad ski accident and had to have two reconstructive surgeries one on each knee and also ankle surgery for broken bones. I love Dr. Bal! I have been his patient for 8 monthes and he is the most caring doctor I have met. He has helped me go from not walking at all, starting to walk again, and now recovering still. He is the  best and I would recommend him to anyone and everyone! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	 Awesome!!!I have not met a doctor like this ever!  My husband had been injured at work with a bicep tendon tear at the elbow.  Dr. Bal met with us for a consult and then surgery to follow in two days.  Dr. Bal was very busy but made every effort to fit us into his schedule because of the serious/urgency of this type of injury.  He was very polite, informative and concerned.  There were even two different times that Dr. Bal himself came in and apoligized to us himself about the wait.  You see he really did squeeze us in that day.  Very nice, caring, professional, detail oriented doctor.  The surgery went great, no problems.  I would recommend anyone to Dr. Bal.  He's the type of doctor that reminds you of the love and desire someone going into this field has at the beginning of their career.  But yet he carries this attitude with him after numerous years in his profession.  You don't find many if any doctors like this anymore.  You are treated as an individual not just a number.  A-#1 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Workers Comp
77	1	commentsDr. Bali is a wonderful surgeon.  He is the best around, no doubt! 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	commentsDr Bailey is the best dentist I have ever been too. The staff is extremely helpful and nice. Wait time is minimal. Dr. Bailey is very knowledgeable in his procedures and you don't feel he is doing any unnecessary work just for the money. Dr. Bailey has a wonderful bed side manner and treats you with respect. His whole staff is very knowledgeable of their jobs. I have never had a bad appointment while seeing Dr. Bailey and his staff. I have been a patient there for around 10 years. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
79	-1	 calls off all the time never there . rude..... would never go back 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Workers Comp
82	1	commentsHis staff is rude and unhelpful. He himself is so sweet and very caring, but since you see his staff more often, the whole experience is unpleasent. 	1	2	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	commentsLove Dr. Bala! Such a knowledgeable and caring Doc. Highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
82	-1	comments 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	comments 	2	4	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	 DR Banister takes time to assist in all problems and set up specialist referials.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	commentsTammy is so very professional yet extremely personable. I feel like she genuinely cares for my well-being. She takes my concerns seriously but doesn't overreact with tons of unnecessary tests and medicines. She informs me of all available choices for my treatments, makes recommendations and then we decide together. She belongs in a better facility with better staff. 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	 Tammy is the best doctor for females I have ever had.  Love her.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	commentsDoes not do many surgeries any longer.  A shame.  He was a good surgeon.  Overall, as a family practice guy, one of the best I've ever seen. 	5	2	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	commentsgood surgeon and general practicioner 	4	2	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	commentsVery Knowledgeable.  Best prescription I ever had. Knows what he is doing and does it well.  I can see! does anyone know his phone # so I can get another Appt.&#63; Paid/Co-pay:$50	3	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
93	-1	 UNFRIENDLY STAFF MEMBERS AND DOCTOR WAS DISRESPECTFUL! MY FAMILY AND I WILL NOT BE RETURING TO SEE THIS DOCTOR AGAIN. HE DOES NOT TAKE ANY INSURANCES AND IS RUDE.  I WAS VERY UNHAPPY WITH THE SERVICE I RECEIVED! 	1	5	2	2	Insurance:United Healthcare
94	1	commentsAlways listens and addresses the problem. Never any unecessary test. 	3	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
95	0	.  Good bed side manner 	5	3	3	3	Insurance:Workers Comp
