dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	-1	i had her paged for my child on thursday night and on monday still never heard anything been week later and still nothing it just don't say a lot for a doctor when they do that with a sick child..and well you neverr know when her office is open or closed cause you can never reach anyone in there either...  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
1	-1	VERY BAD DOCTOR ON EVERY LEVEL!!!  She doesn't like you to take your children to the hospital, even during emergencies.  Seems to want everything secretive so nobody finds out her plans of pt. management or lack thereof. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
1	-1	I ask her what the difference was between swine flu and the seasonal flu, and she was very rude.  She raised her voice at me and said stop calling it the swine flu, don't call it that no more.  And then she went on and said that it was the same as the seasonal flu that there was not a difference in them.  I contiuned to ask her questions and with ever response to my question she was rude and not helpful at all.  She talked down to me like my concerns for my kids was not important. I don't think she has very good bedside manners at all.  Every other Dr. I have ever been to has answered my questions with alot of detail and concern. I have also noticed that she acts like she is in a hurry to get you out of her office like she doesn't have the time. My opinnion if you go into the medical field especially dealing with litte childern than you should at least enjoy childern and your job.  Dr. Cabes attuide makes me feel like she doesn't enjoy either of them.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
1	-1	you can get an appointment whether she keeps your appointment is the problem my girls have had three    appointments that she has rescheduled my4 month olddaughter has seen her at all i schudeled an appointment for her when she 2 months old dr cabe has resheduled all of them for some reason or another 	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Helped me extremely well with my anxiety. Found a solution for me within a few months.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:UPMC
2	1	Very Conscientious.  Up-to-date info. Treats each patient as if he or she is only one. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	Doctor did not listen. After giving me a medication that was too expensive, pharmacist attempted to contact doctor to order something more affordable. Doctor immediately accused me of med seeking, though the medications were in no way controlled substances. He then sent me a certified letter telling me he could no longer see me.  		2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	-1	Dr. Coleman is very cold. When I explained to her my periods were coming early she told me I was incorrectly taking my birth control. I told her I'd been on the pill for years, and knew how to take it, but this particular brand was causing me trouble, and sickness. Her staff is kind, helpful and amazing all around. They are usually the ones who call in my prescriptions and they are the ones who called the pharmacy to tell them to change my brand. When I inquired as to a different type of birth control Dr. Coleman told me I could only take &quot;the ring or the pill&quot; I asked about two other types, and asked why she refused to even discuss them and she only repeated &quot;the ring or the pill.&quot; No reasons given. She's also never on time. Always prepare to wait for your appointment. Once you're in, it's over in minutes. She's very crass, and I don't care for her bedside manner or lack of explanations. I am currently in search of another doctor. 3 routine visits with her is enough.  	5	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	-1	Dr. Coleman was on call when I went to the ER w/a 8cm ovarian cyst- the worst pain of my life!  Despite knowing this, she refused to come in to look at me and wanted me to wait overnight until she felt like coming in, in the morning.  I couldn't stand the pain, so I insisted to the ER Dr. that she transfer me to Pittsburgh, where they immediately (4 am) did surgery because they were so worried about the effects of the cyst, and the risk that it posed to my unborn child.  Knowing the same set of facts, Dr. Coleman could not be bothered to come in or act with any urgency (like sending me to Pittsburgh earlier).  If it was up to her, I might have lost my ovary and my baby.  The pain was so bad that I was bowled over in pain even with 3 doses of morphine.  So I don't know what Dr. C is like in person, but she doesn't seem like a terribly dedicated or knowledgeable physician.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	GREAT BEDSIDE MANNER, COMPASSIONATE 		1	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	 	4	2	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	Dr.Cassim has an arrogant attitude and a difficult accent to understand. He was very unhelpful and would not explain anything. I did not get the impression that he knew much.  would not recommend him 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
7	-1	Dr. Cassim recommended that I receive an ileostomy (bag) stating that it was the &quot;gold standard&quot;. This was also the recommendation of the GI doctor, John Shammaa. I consulted Cleveland Clinic and learned this to be untrue and had a laproscropic assist, total abdominal colectomy with illeorectal anastamosis (removal of large intestine only) performed w/no issues by Dr. Dougherty out of Fairfax, VA. Dr. Cassim also relayed a story of a situation in which a patient requested to go with the procedure to avoid the bag and during the operation, Dr. Cassim gave him the bag against his wishes because Cassim decided the patient wouldn't follow up with exams properly. This type of god-playing scared me away more than anything else. 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Good guy.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Amazing personality and medical knowledge. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	he is a wonderful doctor, board certified and very commited to his patients. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	I've been with this doctor for years and he is very helpful. Somewhat knowledgeable on certain areas and will recommend other local specialists if needed. Definitely would recommend.  	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
10	1	This doctor really knows his stuff!  He was a pharmacist before becoming a physician.  He cares for his patients and is not above waiving a fee for those who are truly in need.  Both he and his staff are true professionals with empathy and concern for the total well-being of the patient.  I would highly recommend him to anyone in need. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	extremely helpful, very knowledgeable.  He really cares about you and is the best diagnostician I have ever seen.  Wish he could be my family doctor.  I have total faith in him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	I spent more time with the Medical student than I did w/him. My daughter went w/me for I am disabled & in a wheelchair, he spoke to her for a total of 3 min. & never looked me in the face or spoke to me. I would not send my enemy to him. His fees were outragous.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
13	1	Dr. Carson is the best.  He performed my back surgery three years ago and did a great job. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	He is prompt, courteous, polite &amp; listens to your concerns. Staff is helpful Dr's Nurses are very nice as well as up front office girls. Lady named Barbara who answers phones a lot could use a lil more kindness on handling phone calls. But overall very happy patient &amp; have been since they took over Dr. Shy's practice.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Dr. Cremeans takes the time to listen to the patient.  It's reported on news channels that many doctors stop their patients within 15 seconds, and Dr. Cremeans has never done that.  He asks questions and discusses options.  He respects his patients.  In addition to Dr. Cremeans as an individual, I'd like to comment on his staff.  His nurse is one of the nicest people I've met, very competent and efficient.  His front staff calls you by your first name and doesn't treat you like a number.  Dr. Cremeans is a partner with Dr. Glenn Harper and they have really developed a fantastic family practice.  I had to choose a family doctor when I moved to the area three years ago, and that fear quickly dissolved when I had my first appointment and now my entire family goes there and we are all very, very happy with the quickness of appointments, friendliness of staff, and professionalism of the nurses and doctors. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	0	His staff is second rate at best except for two of his nurses who are as helpful as they can be considering the restrictions placed on them by the doctor. His sister/receptionist is satisfactory. His Billing staff do not seem to have been hired for there knowledge of filing insurance claims because they have constantly messed up my claims, always failing to bill medicare as my secondary insurer. After my recent problems regarding prescriptions being lost by either his staff or someone stealing them from his office and them refusing to do anything at all to help me out in any way at all except to say &quot;we are sorry&quot; We just cant help you&quot; I have lost all respect for all staff involved during this ordeal. None of this problem with Rx's was my fauly in any way but I was made to feel as though it was by his staff.I am a patient of 3 yrs now but am looking for new doctor as a result of this ridiculous matter. I do not reccomend this doctor unless you just dont care about being helped.  	1	1	1	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
15	1	Dr. Collins is the best doctor ever!! He saved my sons life and for that i will always love him and will always have him in my prayers. 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	As a burn survivor, my partner has had to undergo many reconstructive surgeries in the care of Dr. Casuccio over the last 20+ years.    Dr. Casuccio is not only a great surgeon, but a great compassionate human.   I cannot say enough good things about Dr. Casuccio & his staff. 	 7/28/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	I am a nurse at a different hospital and Dr Chamberlain's pt... he is one of the best drs I have ever came in contact with:) 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	A wonderful ob.  My experience was much better with Dr. Chamberlain delivering my daughter.   Highly recommend! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
17	1	Very knowledgeabe and always very nice and understanding. He has been my doctor for 25 years and I would highly recommend him to anyone. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	His office is great!  Especially his wife who does the ultrasounds.  He is very caring and listens to your problems.  I use one of his midwifes on staff Patti Hackney and shes awesome!  Klara Kovacs is great too!  I know I could count on them in their scope of care if needed.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	One of the most caring, kind and compassionate doctor I have ever met. Had problems with mesh sling, he doesn't just say he cares, he sent me to Cleveland Clinic and even held my hand as I was crying in his office, with my Husband. I was at the end of my rope when I first saw him, now I have had my surgery at Cleveland and doing much better. He brought my trust in Doctors back, something that I had lost. Takes time to talk to you and explain what is going on. He calls me back when I phone with a problem, not his nurse.  	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
17	1	. I have never had a problem with Dr Chamberlain the whole time I have been seeing him, since 2002! He is a great doctor, and not only has he been good to me, but to my sister and sister-in-law as well! He has delivered everyone of our babies! 	 8/19/08	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
17	-1	Very set in his ways.  Doesn't like patient to question his opinion.  There seems to only be one correct way to deal with things when you're his patient, otherwise he isn't that friendly.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
18	-1	This Dr. Chaffin told me that my unborn child would never walk or talk.  He said that my child would be dependent on me for his whole life and that I should have an abortion.  I chose to have my child and he was born just fine!  He walks, he talks and makes all A's on his report card.  Just think if I would have have had an abortion I would have a assisted in killing a perfectly healthy baby.   Wonder how many other mothers he has told this to and they have actually had a termination of their pregnancy&#63;&#63; 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
18	1	I really hve enjoyed Dr.Chaffin. It is a little diff. from other Drs. I have been to because it is a Dr. Training hospital. He has a wonderful personality and has always answered my questions very honestly. He does not sugar coat any thing, however he is tacktful and I believe he truly cares for all of his patients. He also gets along with his staff, which makes the wait a little more pleasant. My family loves him... The Henrys 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	I can't stand this dr. He was the 1st to diagnose that my baby had problems. He has awful bedside manner. For someone dealing w/ high risk patients he must have completely skipped sensitivity trainning in med school. He is an absolute a**. I always left his office hysterical & in tears. He repeatedly tried to push expiremental treatments on me & then proceeded to make me feel guilty for not accepting 100% expirmental drug & surgical treatments for my unborn baby when none of the dr.s including fetal specialist even know what exactly is wrong with my baby. When laying out some of my treatment options the specialist had told me about he basically concluded that I should either take expirmental treatment or terminate. Though this lack of bedside manner seems to be common among high risk dr.s all pregnant women know you have the right to choose your dr.  & when they can't give you any info don't assume their suggestions are the only way! They gave my baby 2wks its been 2 mnths he's due 2/07 	5	5	1	3 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
19	1	This doctor has been a lifesaver for me.He was there when I needed him and went above and beyond to help me.You just don't meet many people like him anymore now a days.You may have to wait a little while to see him.... but it is worth it 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
20	-1	Dr. Chong could not even look at me.  He is the most awkward person I've ever seen attempt to be a doctor.  He did absolutely nothing for what I found out later to be severe bursitis, told me to just keep taking ibuprofen - forever!&#63;!&#63; He spent approximately 5 minutes in the room.  Never even touched me.  When I left, the staff said nothing.  Two weeks later, I received a bill for $87! This is a 'Free' Clinic, where most everyone in town pays no more than $15 - and for obvious reasons.  These peope are here for no other reason than to fill local prescriptions...(and that is why Spencer has the biggest teen-'prescription' drug problem in the state!) One work to sum it up IN-EPT. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	I can not express how wonderful this doctor is.  My experience with him is has been the anesthesiologist for a few of my childs surgeries.  Every time he has not only been professional but very warm towards my child.  He has never failed to ease their worries but to even make them smile.  He has a talent for what he does.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
22	-1	His office staff is VERY rude. I called to leave a message WITH INFORMATION FOR Dr Capel regarding my grandmother, who was in the hospital. The staff said they don't take messages from family; BOTH WOMEN WORKING IN HIS OFFICE said the message HAS TO COME FROM THE NURSE in the hospital. I told her I wasn't &quot;stupid&quot;; anyone can leave messages for the doctor. They're supposed to be professionals who deal with frustration on a daily basis. Today, they CAUSED frustration. VERY UNPROFESSIONAL! 	1	4	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	He does NOT listen to you and if you ask any type of question he YELLS at you. I never saw that side of him until he yelled at me when I asked a question. He yelled so loud everyone in the waiting room area heard him including my husband. We found another doctor.  	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
23	1	I have seen dr c &amp; ruby both so far, I'm still in my 2nd trimester and so far, so good! They are very down to earth and I feel like they take time to talk and answer any questions. The wait time isn't great but that's what's expected when going to the doctor. And the ultrasound girl, Jen, is great! Every appt I have I feel like I'm going in to see good friends, not just medical staff. And about the other comments about the lack of knowledge..,nobody is perfect and knows everything! Give them a break!! In my opinion, they are very knowledgeable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	-1	she was hardly there on january 19th 2011 i had an appt with her and for an ultrasound when i got there dr c ruby nor jen the ultrasoudn tec were there  i had been having severe pain in my stomach and felt very ill there was 2 receptionist and 1 nurse there ther nurse called me back wieghed me took me in a room and said any problems i todl her what was going on she said well im hte only one here i said i want the ultrasound now somehow she said well we have lives too we r not here to satisfy you and redid my ultrasound for a week later left tehre went to dr shockley saw him the next day my baby was still born and i believe it was their fault at dr c 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	I do not even know where to start on all the reasons why you should find another doctor. She is NEVER in town, her PA Ruby is unintelligent to almost the point of medical ignorance and getting an appointment is almost impossible no matter how serious the situation is. I have waited over 2hrs to see her and she spent maybe 5mins with me. She acted like I was wasting her time with my questions and this is my first pregnancy so I had a lot of them. Needless to say I had to look most of the information that I wanted up online myself. I got a kidney stone in my 2nd trimester and when I went to the hospital because of the horrible pain she refused me any medication at all and said if I couldnt handle the pain maybe I should re-think having the baby. She treated me like a drug addict because I asked for some kind of pain medication because the pain was unbearable. Needless to say I found another OBGYN.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Really great doctor, there to listen to your concerns and willing to help you.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Dr C and the staff are great 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	VERY GOOD DOCTORS AND STAFF MOSTLY ALWAYS ON TIME ALWAYS CONCERNED ABOUT YOUR WELL BEING 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	he is a very understanding doc really cares about medical problems, he has to be the only doctor around who shows real interest in his profession. you get your moneys worth when you leave his office. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Excellant at every leval. Paid attention, answered all questions clearly and offered options.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:AARP
25	-1	I went to dr clark and I am a RN.  He would not listen to my concerns very worried about his computer the whole time. Let me know he did not like to doctor nurses.  He made statements twice.  I called for my yearly appointment and the office clerk told me he dropped me as a patient for no reason. He acts like he is doing a favor seeing you.  He also has no done his homework as to who are good referring surgeons 	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:BC Med
26	-1	Not very helpful or understanding and seemed annoyed when I asked questions. 	3	5	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Dr. Capito is thorough and cares deeply for all of his patients. He is helpful, polite, and does not rush his patients. I have been his patient for several years and have recommended him to family and friends. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Dr. Chambers is an excellent Dentist. I have personally worked for Doctors, and I can tell you before you take the above as gospel, remember there are always 2 sides to a patients story.  Bills not paid, patients making unrealistic demands, etc.  I recomment Dr. Chambers to all my friends and they are all very satisfied. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	i went to see dr chambers to get the care i needed.  after speaking with the receptionist i was highly unhappy.  she was very rude and unprofessional to me, the patient.  they charged me for services that were not performed.  i called the office in pain because part of my filling came out and the receptionist stated &quot;what do you want me to do&quot;.  she never called back. i called her back and got continous voice mail. when i finally reached the office she answered again and was very rude and stated to me, &quot;yeah i remeber who youare&quot;, dr chambers really needs a reality check on whos running the front desk. i would never return to that office, and i do not recommend anyone to go there. 	1	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	My first visit to Dr. Chambers was October 19, 2009 to get a new partial plate.  It is now April 1, 2010, and I have not yet gotten this plate.  I have had a total of 4 visits cancelled/rescheduled by his office due to the Doctor having a personal &quot;issue&quot; or crisis. I have already paid for the partial plate, or I would definitely go to another dentist.   I will never recommend this dentist to anyone!! 	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Delta Dental
28	0	This is the worst doctor I have ever been to and I will never go back. My dentist stuck the needle in way to far and I now have a bruise on the outside of my face.  	2	2	2	3 	Insurance:Delta Dental
29	1	Finest doctor in Jackson County...kind, considerate and very attentive. Great with children too. Highly recommend. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	I agree with U he is a sad excuse for a doctor, and yes he always wants to change you to a new drug, It is hard to get a appointment due to the amount of drug reps that take presidence over his patients. he loves to hear his own voice and will talk for a half an hour or more with anyone in the hallway that will listen, while you sit in your exam room waiting! Dr. saxe is lucky this quack is leaving. Dr. saxe is excellent. his front office staff does not want to answer phones they are not helpful and make alot of mistakes! they fail to fax important results of tests to your specialist, they act hateful when you finally get them on the phone. the only reason I still go here is becuase saxe is very good and nice. one last comment on cambell afew years ago he said a test was ok and it was not this resulted in a few months of something being wrong with me that a needed to be surgically removed.  now this is for you to decide, Was this a one time error or does Cambell make mistakes often&#63;&#63;&#63; 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	-1	I think you sumed it up pretty well,I think he also gives too many drugs. 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	I believe this doctor to be a know it all,very arrogant,rude,who dont listen to the patient well.You are wasting your time making any suggestions.He already knows what he s going to do before you see him.A terrible bedside manner.He looks friendly but he is not.He talks short and snappy.Have your guard up if hes your doc,you will find out.His main interest is sports. I feel Hed rather be out playing sports,than being in the office.You will notice he has a sneaky fake smile too.These are my personal opinions from my experience.You may feel otherwise,please add your comments,as no other posts are here at this time on Dr Stephen Cambell 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	. i have seen this doctor for several years  he is a very caring and compassionate doctor i also see him in church very caring and professional 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
31	-1	I would never recommend anybody even an enemy to see this doctor! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	Unprofessional. Breaks ethics with patient confidenality. Very hasily to act. This Dr. Can not be trusted.  	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
31	1	I have been under Dr. Casdorph's care for years. He has saved my live, literally. He allowed me to call him at any hour and on more than one occassion I did.  Thank you Mark 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	He is the most caring doctor I know. He truly cares about his patients well being. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	I &quot;had&quot; Bipolar Disorder and severe OCD. My first doctor did not help at all. After seeing Dr. Casdorph, he knew what medicines to take me off of and what medicines to start me on. Everyone out there; this guy saved my life!!! God worked threw him to help heal my suffering. I'm living proof that Bi-polar disorder &quot;CAN&quot; be treated successfully! Don't give up, BELIEVE ME! I've been down that dark, narrow road, I know how it feels to be an inch tall. God created you! If you're having any kind of trouble, seek Dr. Casdorph for help. He also has a wonderful staff. He is unlike any doctor I have ever been to. It's amazing how much better I feel when I am taking medicine. I would love to not be taking medicine, but this disorder along with Schizophrenia &quot;require&quot; long-term medication. It's just like having diabetes or a heart problem. Stay on your medicine(s). He works with kids who have ADHD and is great with adults too. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	I first went to see Dr. Cassis when I was in high school and didn't even know that I had thyroid problems.  He was very knowledgeable and helped me and my family threw the difficult disease (after all this is something that most young people do not face).  The staff in Dr. Cassis' office is amazing too; they feel like extended family to me.  I know that you sometimes have to wait a little while to go in for your appointment but Dr. Cassis is worth it.  He will take his time and talk with you about all your concerns.  I am now out of college with a family of my own and I still have scheduled appointments every six months.  I would recommend Dr. Cassis to anyone; he is a great physician with a caring staff.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	-1	Never puts a refill on my medicine the doseage has never changed there is no reason to run to that office every month except for the fact he charges medicaid $211.00 for a 5 min visit. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	A typical wait for this doctor is over 1 hour. His office does not call with reminders for appointments even though these are scheduled three months in advance. His office makes appointments without notifying the patient in writing of the new appointment date. Patient questions were not answered.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
33	-1	.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	I think he is a great dr and has a great staff had my gall bladder removed he talked to me and my family first. whenever I had questions I get answer I would recommend him to my family friends or strangers 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
33	1	I think this is ludacris to write a comment as such in the medical field everyone's case scenario is different ! Patients are protected by hippa but to be able to write a comment on your situation with out knowing all the facts to slander someones reputation is ridiculous ! Yes I know this surgeon and he is one who cares for his patients and I have been on both sides. I would highly recommend him to anyone as I have in many cases. He is a caring wonderful bedside manner. In your situation I am sorry you had such a terrible experience but please present all the facts as you are protected by HIPPA laws but what about the physician. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	Dr. Casto removed what I thought was a cyst and found out 2 weeks after surgery that it was a enlarged lymph node. After I had surgery and was in the recovery room, he never once came and spoke with my family.  Prior to surgery he never requested any type of pre op test either (blood panels).  I was told on the day of surgery that I had a $75.00 copay for outpatient services, which was paid on day of surgery.  I was told a month later that I still owed a $75.00 copay for outpatient services which was never advised by any one in his office.  They also make you pay your normal copay and never bill the insurance.  I think they have a scam going on.  For the surgery and healing process, it didn't heal.  Two weeks after having surgery the stitches were removed and 3 days later had to have my head reopened and a drain put in.  The drain was in for over 2 weeks.  It still has not completely healed.  I can't say that I would recommend him to anybody.  	2	5	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	-1	i didnt care for his  behavior not helpful at all. he put me on medicine that was not helpful at all he was mean at times. 	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	Dr. Corder suggested a treatment that directly contradicted my experience and other doctors' recommendations- to follow his advice would have proved dangerous to me. I suggest choosing another doctor.  	5	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
34	0	Doctor never on time for appointments,not enough seating,restrooms dirty and poorly lit,staff not friendly at all or helpful,confidental records not kept private,getting appointments ok,changing date of appointment ok,staff complaing of other staff memebers,check in rules change to much,phone calls changed way to much never the same extension,dont get appointment cards you get an entire sheet of paper. As far as cleaniness 2 	3	1	2	4 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
35	1	Dr. Covelli performed a mastectomy on me.   He is a thorough, meticulous, skilled surgeon who also has a lot of knowledge about cancer.  He is a kind, caring man.  He has an easy-going manner that makes you feel comfortable around him.  His patience and understanding made the whole experience easier for me.  I highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Covelli for about four years. He operated on me for Colon Cancer four years ago. He seems to be a very knowledgeable and caring physician and I highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	 	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Dr. Childers is an excellent physician. My son and my daughter both love him.  I am lucky to have very healthy children, so we are not often in his office.  However, when my son was an infant he had a very scary episode in which he shook in a manner that led me to believe it could have been a seizure.  Dr. Childers took me very seriously and immediately ordered tests to rule out any sort of major problem.  He always listens and never talks down to me or makes me feel like I don't know what I'm doing as a parent.  My kids are extremely comfortable with him.  Going to the doctor has NEVER been a negative experience for us. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	I agree Dr.Childers is a nice man, but that doesn't make a good Doctor. He made some pretty poor choices for my daughter, and I might add dropped the ball more than once. He doesn't like to listen to mothers or therapist who take the time to listen and watch your child in every day activities such as eating. example my daughter was having trouble swallowing and he kept saying oh it is acid reflux but instead after getting a second opinion she has a chronic condition known as cricopharngeal dysfunction and has since had 9 surgeries in Cincinnati so yes he is nice if you have very healthy kids but he did not take the time to listen to me or the therapist who kept asking him to order a second swallow study. the reason i took the time to write all of this is because mothers you need to listen to your gut and not listen to everything that a doctor tells you.  	3	2	3	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	I just love Dr. Childers & so do my grandchildren. He is a very caring & helpful Dr.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
36	1	Dr. Childers is a wonderful doctor.  Both my children love him.  He never fails to answer any of my question and is always very thorough.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	Dr. Childers always take the time to answer the questions of his parents. He is fantastic with the children and makes them feel very comfortable. He is the best we've ever had.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
36	1	Dr. Childer's is a great pediatrician. I wouldn't take my kids to anyone else but him. I would highly recommend to anyone who wants a doctor that your kids are going to love and is very polite and thorough as well.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
36	1	Very good doc, very courteous and THOROUGH. Would refer him to anyone.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
36	-1	Although Dr. Childers is very nice and polite, he is always in a hurry and not thorough.  		4	1	3 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
37	1	Very caring and very patient.  Best ER Doc I have ever been treated by 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Dr. Chidester is amazing. I may have to wait a bit to see her, but I know that when she's with me, she spends time with me and makes sure that we are doing the best plan for me. She is incredibly caring and knowledgeable and I trust explicitly.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	Dr. Chidester is one of a kind. She has been there for me through some of my most trying times. She is not your run of the mill doctor. She takes the time to listen to you, will sit down and carry on a conversation with you and treat you like you are a real person, and not just a &quot;condition&quot; that needs to be treated. She has let me cry to her many times and has seemed genuinely concerned for me. She has also been so happy to see me doing well. She truly is vested in her patients and their wellbeing. She always gives me her opinion but ultimately asks what I would like to do and helps me determine the best course of treatment. So many people in the area want to go to the local university to get what they consider to be &quot;the best care&quot;. I can promise that Dr. Chidester is the most caring, compassionate, knowledgeable doctor that you could ask for! 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	-1	Dr. Campbell is unable and unwilling to listen to her patients' concerns. Her inexperience dealing with patient concerns and questions was evidenced by her anchoring on the fact that a patient had something contrary to state about the medical profession and clearly ignored the concern.  It was about the patient, not about someones qualifications, not about someones personality and definitely not about me.  We are firing her, yes thats right, we are firing Dr. Campbell for her inability and unwillingness to listen to her patients' concerns. 	4	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	Very knowledgeable guy.  He knows exactly what he is doing and is a pleasure to see whenever I need help.  He is extremely down to earth and always makes sure I leave knowing exactly what I'm getting and why I'm getting it.  Wouldn't trade him for anyone in the world.  His down-to-earth personality may give some people a negative aura of unprofessionalism, but to others such as myself it's a way to broadcast a comfortable feeling.  It makes me realize that I'm being treated by a real person who actually cares about his patients and not the stereotypical overpaid doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
40	-1	. real nut job 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
41	1	Dr. Chaney always takes the time to answer all of my questions.  His office is (or, at least used to be) open on Saturdays.  They can always get you in quickly in the event of sudden illness.  I really, really like him and the office in general. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	I have gone to Dr. Chaney since I was a child. He is an amazing doctor, and even though I now live in Kentucky--I still visit his office on trips home, because I trust him more than any other doctor.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	Apts. are never on time for any of the Drs. in this joint practice. But, they are the only ones I know open half-days on the weekends. If you ask questions (and I do ask many) - you get answers; full and complete. Have gotten full explanations on test results, drug interactions, etc.  Has a very dry sense of humor, which some may not take well, but so do I so no problem. 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	-1	Treats all symptoms with a perscription.  Doesn't look for the cause of any illness.  Does not practice preventative care.  Bedside manner is the pits.  	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Aetna
42	1	 	4	4	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	I know he tried to help me, but was more interested in his cosmetic part of the business. First visit he told me that he does not go to the hospital to his patients, that there are perfectly good drs there to take care of me!  Secondly, he put me on an antidepressant that made me lose 30 pounds.  I am now down to 115 pounds and was having a lot of problems.  Switched drs and I am on the mend.  Physically and emotionally.  Chapman is a nice man but like most drs I have seen, just doesnt have the concern for his patients that he should have.  Sorry Doc.  	3	4	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	-1	Overall Dr. Chapman was on his game the first few years that I went to him. Now it seems that he does not have time for his patients he throws them to the wolves with no concern for their health at all anymore. He is always late and behind and more worried about socializing than being a doctor and professional in his office environment. His office staff are very rude and spend their time socializing and talking on the phone rather than their job. I will probably not be continuing my medical relationship with this doctor and find another primary doctor. Overall he needs to be more on his game and his office staff need some customer service training.  	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Coventry
43	1	Dr. Chapman is a wonderful and patient person.  If you have an issue he WILL take the time to explain things, as well as explore multiple avenues of treatment if they are available.  His aggressive care SAVED my grandmothers life (90% arterial blockage with no symptoms)!!!  He really knows the &quot;Ins-and-Outs&quot; of his patients’ conditions and uses cutting edge equipment (just look around his office).  My family has seen him for years, including myself.  Without question, this is where my children will be seen when they reach the proper age.  Simply put, he is an EXCELLENT doctor with EXCEPTIONAL bedside manner.  I highly recommend Dr. Chapman and I’m VERY thorough and selective concerning my family’s healthcare providers, as well as my own.  F.Y.I. - I have been a registered nurse in the Charleston area for 7 ½ years.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	-1	Horrible doctor, horrible person.  Staff treated me like I wasn't worth their time and they were rude.  Dr. Chapman was very unprofessional and didn't know what he was talking about.  He didn't give me enough time and didn't treat my condition me correctly.  Very very unprofessional and rude office as a whole.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	The most polite, down to earth, knowledgible Dr. I have ever met. Always concerned and wanting to help.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	very thorough and knowledgeable, took the time to explain things.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	Dr Chesnut is very friendly and If you are looking for a Dr that will be there when things get bad SHE is it. I know She has always been there for me and her staff is some of the nicest you will meet.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
45	1	Doctor is kind, caring, and makes decisions that are best for his patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
46	1	I am pregnant with my first baby! I really like Dr.Cotes even though I have only met him once which I totally understand he is a really busy man! I scheduled an appointment to meet him and the day of my appointment I got a phone call from his doctors office. They said I would not get to meet with him at that appointment because he had to go in for an emergency surgery. But he did everything to still make it to my appointment to meet me which I thought was very careing of him. His PA.s are very nice to! I remember my firs visit i was very nervous and they just mad me feel very relaxed by just talking to me! If i have another kid a couple years from now Dr,  .Cotes will be my doctor if he is still deliverying babies.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
46	1	While I was sometimes unhappy with wait times (schedule first thing in the morning and you'll be golden), I came to understand that the reason we waited was because Dr. Cotes cared so much about each patient that he never rushed anyone.  He always errs on the side of caution.   His bedside manner is unparalleled.  I was also unhappy sometimes that with a normally developing pregnancy (not high risk) I saw the PAs more than I would have liked.  He is down at the hospital a lot delivering and doing surgeries, so that happens.  However, if there is a problem, as I saw with my sister's pregnancies, he will be there for you.  He CARES.  He will never blow you off or disregard your concerns, and HE will be the one to deliver your baby, regardless of whether he's making rounds then or not.  He must live at the hospital! He will be available to you night and day by phone.  HE will meet you at OB if you're having a problem.  You just can't put a monetary value to those kinds of things.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
46	1	I have been a patiend of Dr. Cotes for many years.  He delivered both my boys.  I had complications with both pregnancies and he was ALWAYS available to me at ANYTIME day or night.  I think the man must LIVE at the hospital!  He is kind, caring, and ALWAYS reassuring.   I wouldn't go through a pregnancy/delivery without him!!! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
46	1	Dr.Cotes has delievered both of my son's and i had to have c-sections with them both but even though i did I was greatful to him and owe him my life for saving both of my boys. I lost one when I was with Dr.Patel and he didnt even try to stop it and Dr.Cotes did my dnc so i switched to him after that and was pregnant again in a year and a day  I started to miscarry and Dr.Cotes did every test possible to find the problem and did he saved my son from me miscarring him and then again when i went into labor. He is a great man who always has a smile on his face and always does his best for the patient and the baby. His staff is wonderful and very kind. I would refer him to anyone and have referd him to a few ppl.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
46	1	I was transferred from Dr Luby's practice when I found out I was pregnant.  I didn't get to meet the Dr. until I got upset at the number of visits I'd had w/o seeing the man who would deliver my baby.  Yes, the man is VERY busy!  But, my body...and my baby was worth asking and how do you learn to trust someone you've never met&#63;  I am still upset that I had to ASK to actually see the dr.  Anyhoo, after the initial visit (with the doctor!!) I was able to ask the questions I needed.  Overall...very healthy pregnancy.  All the tests made me feel as though they were watching everything closely, which I appreciated VERY MUCH!  My complaints at the hospital...the ER did not provide a wheel chair.  I had to walk all the way back to the OB unit (thank God i had someone with me).  Had to literally beg for one when I left...VERY MAD ABOUT THAT RIGHT NOW.  15 weeks pregnant now, and considering maybe not going back there.  but theres alot of things to consider.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
46	1	I love Dr. Cotes. I had a very hard time with my first pregnancy and believe I would not have delivered a healthy baby if it wasn't for Dr. Cotes. Im seeing him now, three years later, for my second pregnancy. He remembers all the problems I had with the first and is always on top of things. He has a great bedside manner. I was hospitalized for three months with my first and he seemed to always be at the hospital. He even checked on me once at 4am! His staff are all great also. The wait in the office is well worth the care.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	WAIT TIMES BEFORE AN APPT ARE UNBEARABLE! HUGE PREGNANT WOMEN WOULD HAVE TO SIT ON THE FLOOR OR STAND FOR 1 TO 2 HOURS EVERY APPT. I KNOW I HAD THIS PROBLEM THROUGHOUT MY WHOLE PREGNANCY.....I AM NOT GOING TO SEE HIM FOR MY SECOND BABY JUST BECAUSE OF THIS REASON. PLUS, MOST OF THE TIME, I ONLY SAW HIS PA, ONCE EVER 3 MONTHS I SAW HIM. PLUS THE DAY I DELIVERED. 	3	1	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	I went to Dr Cotes' office because I wanted to see the same doctor throughout my pregnancy who would deliver my baby, and he got good reviews on this website. But I was NEVER seen by the doctor, only by PA's.  I met the doctor one time when I was 5 months pregnant. At 8 months pregnant I took a childbirth class at Thomas where I asked the nurse about some of Dr. Cotes' policies.  I found out that he likes to induce labor as soon as the pregnancy hits 39 weeks.  Knowing that inducing labor before a woman is ready can lead to an unnecessary c-section, I asked about c-section rates at Thomas Hospital and found out they were above 30%, VERY high. With this information, at almost 9 months pregnant, I switched to a midwifery practice, Womencare WV. I have never waited more than half an hour to see someone with them, while the wait in Cotes' office was always over an hour. He may be a great doctor, but you wont probably see him until you are ready to deliver.  	4	1	3	4 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
46	1	I was transferred to Dr. Cotes after my ob quit delivering in the middle of my pregnancy.  Dr. Cotes and his staff were absolutely the answer to a prayer.  You do have to wait because of the nature of his office.  But he is definitely worth the wait.  I decided to stay with him after my sons birth because there is no kinder or more concerned physician.  He answers questions and offers information.   His staff was never anything but kind to me!  I love them all!! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	Dr. Cotes has been my OB/Gyn for 17 years now and I have nothing but great things to say about him. He has 2 PA's Tara & Kristine. I don't care much for Tara, but Kristine has been great. I think Tara has to get to know you a little. I have been in his office alot lately (hysterectomy) and it seems like she is the only one I ever get to see anymore. I just wish he was the one who did the follow up visits after getting out og the hospital, but as anyone who has ever went to him knows he is very busy. When I was in the hospital the nurses would come in at all hours telling me he just called checking up on me. There is not a whole lot you can say other than he is a wonderful doctor and makes every patient feel like they are is only patient. He is the best.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
46	0	Dr. Cotez really is a great doctor. He knows what he is doing with great expertise and has great techniques. However, I spent hours waiting at every appointment only to see his PA with the exception of the last few weeks before I delivered. And I would definitely not rate his PA, Tara Robinson very high. His staff also sent me for wrong testing. I think very highly of Dr. Cotes, but because of the cons I will not be going back for my future pregnancies. 	1	1	4	2 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	He is just wonderful he has amazing bedside manner. He always made me feel comfortable even when my pregnancy presented problems. He goes out of his way to make sure all your concerns are addressed and he is very thorough. The staff in his office is wonderful as well. Very friendly and knowledgeable. The wait is sometimes very long and he is frequently late but as others have said this is to no fault of his own. Its because of deliveries and giving good care. Well worth the wait. When I was hospitalized I often saw him checking in on patients as late as 10 p.m. Compared to the high risk doctors I'm seeing now it makes me wish he were a high risk doctor.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
46	1	He is a great doctor. He has great bedside mannor. He will take time to listen to you. While the wait is sometimes quite long he's worth it. His knowledge about both OB and GYN problems is very helpful if your having fertility problems and he will do everything in his power to help you before referring you to a specialist. 	5	2	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Wonderful OB/GYN. As a physician myself, I can say that he has an incredible bedside manner. My wife and I can not say enough good things about Dr. Cotes. Dedicated, thoughtful, knowledgeable, informative. His staff is caring and friendly. The only possible negative is that he does run behind a little, but it is because of deliveries or taking time with patients to answer questions. Well worth it. Amazing experience overall.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
46	1	Doctor Cotes is a very busy doctor, but he will go out of his way to help you. He is caring and brilliant! 		2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	Excellent Doctor - spent a lot of time going over symptoms and possible solutions.  Worked carefully with other meds and is doing testing rule out some possibilities.  She is wonderful expecially if going through menopuase! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	AMAZING! Dr Chua cares so much for her patients and only wants the absoluetly best for every single one of them. Because she is a newer doctor, she listens to everything and doesn't take a chance of something bad happening. WONDERFUL WONDERFUL doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	fast diagnosis &amp; treatment of problem.   Great results from surgery 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	0	This was the worst experience I have ever had with a doctor. My son had a popcorn kernel stuck in his ear and the ER sent us to him to have it removed. While he was excellent at removing the kernel qiuckly his bedside manner was horrid. They pinned my son to table with 3 nurses (which was needed to remove the kernel, no issue there) and when they realized they did not have the tools they needed, they sent one of the nurses to get them. Instead of letting my son sit up, they kept the 4 yr old pinned to the table screaming until I finally said &quot;Can we let him up while we wait&#63;&quot; The entire time we were waiting and I was trying to calm my terrified child, he blabbed on about why he didn't except Medicaid and how little he would be reimbursed. Poor guy. 	3	3	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Dr. Crigger has preformed over 10 surgeries for our family, and we have been completely satisfied every time! He is very friendly and so is his staff..you don't feel like just another patient, but like they really care! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Wonderful! Dr. Crigger spent a great deal of time with us, explaining the surgical procedure my son was to have (tonsils/adnoids surgery) and answered all of our questions.  Like the earlier comment, I was a little apprehensive about some of the negative things I had heard, he does call it the way he sees it, but he was GREAT!  Although my son's problem was solved, I will go to him in the future for any other family members and recommend him.  Hope this helps! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Assurant
48	1	This man is wonderful! Three of our 4 children have seen him for ear tubes and one has had her tonsils removed. He takes plenty of time to talk with us and work with our children. He's a caring Dr., despite hearing a little negativity prior to us first visiting him. His staff are all WONDERFUL. They have always worked with us re: scheduling and last minute appointments. When I've called after hours he calls back himself within 30 minutes. Love this man! My grandmother and father-in-law also see him and appreciate his service.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	Very caring doctor. Spends a lot of time with you. Plan on a long wait but you will get great service and lots of time 		1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	I went to this doctor for a herniated lumbar disk with drop foot (left leg). After his PA spent 15 minutes with me taking all the initial details and running some neurological basic tests (which I did not pass) The Dr. came in without further delay to tell me there was nothing he could do for me and that I was not a candidate for surgery. He explained that he had seen the the results of my MRI and could not see why I was in such pain. He dismissed me with a referral for more PT. I did not get better, in fact I got worst and 3 weeks later ended up in the hospital having to have emergency back surgery for the severity of my condition. Another doctor saw what this one was not able to see and acted accordingly, returning to me my life and abilities to walk again.......  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
50	1	Didn't do nothing for me. Very short. Have bulging disc and and spurs. He couldn't say anything except He was a surgeon and i didn't need surgery, maybe it was fibromylia.What a quack. 	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	I was so disappointed when I left htis office I was crying. He stated that he could do surgery and help the pain in my leg but could not help my back pain. Understandable...But then he reports back to workers comp that he offered to do surgery on my herinated disc and he never. I can't beleive that we go to these doctors and they are paid big bucks and we are treated this way. I am in pain everyday and cannot have intercourse with my husband due to the pain and they tell me to go to pain management clinics and then workers comp refuses it because I refused surgery. I went htere to get better not to be lied to and about. Why are these doctors doing this to inicent people. I was referred to him. I don't recommend anyone to him. think about it if you have an appt with him. Doctors are suppose to help us not criticize us. A true doctor doesn't do what he did. To me He is not a doctor and I wouldn't call myself a doctor if I was him.  He needs to think about the patient and their needs!!!!!! 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
50	-1	This DR is very short and is very insulting and I would never recomend him to anyone.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
50	-1	I went to Dr. Crow for a consult that I needed spinal surgery. I have 3 disks in my neck conpressing on spinal cord and left and right nerve roots affecting both arms. He said surgery would not help. I am guessing he made his millions all ready and didnt want to bother with me since I was a Brickstreet case. I have progressively gotten worse and having a hard time getting Brickstreet to allow me to find a Dr. willing to do the surgery my primary Dr. and Orthopedic Dr. says I need for my condition to improve. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	he is a very good doctor . 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	-1	Doctor orders expensive drugs not approved by the company's protocol.  Drugs not paid for by the insurance company.  Arixtra.  His prescription could be deadly. He misdiagnosed a broken femur as a broken hip.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
52	1	. this is a very good doctor 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
53	1	The receptionist and the nursing staff are always helpful and caring.  The doctor is very knowledgeable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	-1	Dr would not see me based on his nurse's input. Purely personal. 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Dr. Clark has a great bedside manner, and her voice is so soothing that I think she should record some sort of 24-hour hotline for people to call just to hear her talk - just hearing her voice is so calming for me!  She doesn't rush through the exam, doesn't make the exam awkward, and always has time for questions.   Highly recommended! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
54	1	Wonderful and caring. Great bedside manner. Doesn't rush through your visit.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	I love Dr. Clark!!  She is only accepting pregnant patients at this time. She is very helpful and an all around GREAT OB/GYN! I can't give her enough credit...pick her... you won't be sorry! Also every one of her staff is extremely friendly and helpful!!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
54	1	I absolutely love Dr. Clark - I think she is very knowledgeable as well as having an excellent bedside manner. She makes what is normally an uncomfortable exam not bad at all. Highly recommended! 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Very knowledgeable doctor 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Took care of my problems during my visit rather than have me re-schedule and take more time off work. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	 	5	5	5	3 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Dr. Chipley is amazing. He's always very willing to listen to your problem and help you solve it. His staff is amazing as well. They always make you feel at home. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	Wonderful doctor and very knowledgable. Staff is great also.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	The office is nice and clean and Dr. Carpenter is very thorough. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	HE IS A VERY NICE PROFESSIONAL DR. WOULD RECOMMEND HIM TO ANYONE ! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	POLICY MAKE APPOINTS AT 5pm, WHICH TIME THEY CLOSE.  THEY CALL ON THE APPOINTED DATE TO GET YOU TO COME IN EARLIER. IF YOU CAN'T, THEY CANCEL THE APPOINTMENT AND THEN REPORT THAT YOU DID NOT SHOW UP. A DISABILITY DR THAT JUST MILKS THE GOVERNMENT OUT OF TAXPAYERS MONEY, WHILE WORKING AGAINST PEOPLE. IF GIVEN THIS DR, CALL CASEWORKER AND TELL THEM OF THIS POLICY AND THE BAD REVIEWS THIS DR HAS RECEIVED. IF YOU QUESTION THE SECRETARY WHO ALSO STATES SHE IS THE OFFICE MANAGER, SHE WILL HANG UP ON YOU, AS WILL THE DR, JUST FOR ASKING QUESTIONS. SHE WILL REFUSE TO ANSWER YOUR QUESTIONS ONLY STATING THAT IF YOU DO NOT SHOW UP BY 5pm, THEY WILL LEAVE. HOWEVER, WE WERE ASKED TO COME IN HOURS EARLIER, NOT A FEW MINUTES. THEY KNOW FULL WELL THAT THEIR LYING BEHAVIOR WILL HURT A PATIENT TRYING FOR DISABILITY. SON IN IRAQ WAR. DR TOLD MY SON TO CALL HIS CASEWORKER AND STATE THAT HE MISSED THE APPOINTMENT. IT WAS ONLY AROUND 3PM, APPOINTMENT AT 5PM. REFUSE THIS DR. GOV DISABILITY DISCRIMINATION.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
62	1	Dr. Crews is an excellent dentist and now makes his own crowns while you wait.  His office staff is very friendly.  I highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
63	1	Dr. Cisco is a great surgeon. She is the best in her field in my opinion. She had me scheduled for surgery in no time. Was very polite and helpful. She made me feel very comefortable and was very knowledgable about my surgery. She was very explanitory about everything which I thing is great. If I have to have surgery again, I hope she will be the one to do it. I urge anyone who may have to have surgery, request Dr. Cisco. Thanks for everything Dr. Cisco, you are the best. J.  Griffin Surgery date: 5-1-09 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
64	1	Good Doctor 	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	Extremely helpful staff. Everyone was polite and personable. Dr. Cox is a great optometrist and cares about how you are taking care of your vision. Overall I would say this is the best place to go in the area! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	Everyone was cheerful and very helpful. Patient and helpful as I couldn't make up my mind when selecting frames.  Dr. Cox is personable and caring asked how the family was and asked about my job, I appreciated that. Explained all he was doing and answered all my questions and  made suggestions that I wouldn't have thought to ask. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	I thought Dr cox was pretty cool. He's not the most outgoing personality or anything, but he made it a point to ask about my job, etc, and took extra time to answer my questions about the eye, contacts, and how my vision prescription affects certain aspects of my life when I'm without glasses or contacts. I'd rather have a doctor that has time to address my concerns than one that shuffles me out as fast as possible without going into any detail or acknowledging that I'm an intelligent creature who wants to understand my physiology in order to live a lifestyle that supports good overall health.    I was in the exam room within 10 minutes of my appointment, and the staff was friendly and prompt. Everyone makes personal calls at work on occasion. Sometimes important things come up and must be addressed immediately. I was referred there by a friend and I would do the same for someone else if the opportunity came along.    It was a good experience overall.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
65	-1	Difficult time scheduling an appointment.  Phyisican was course and abrupt. I felt uncomfortable and uneasy.  Physician was upset and angry about 1-800-Contacts and used my time to express his distrust in the company. I did not receive my contact prescription, left with a free pair to try for a couple weeks and will have to return for another visit.  Have been wearing contacts for 20 years.  Receptionist spent alot of time on personal call while I waited to pay my bill.  No other patient was there.  Have alot of experience with medical professionals and am still confused about the whole experience. 	1	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	VERY KNOWLEGEABLE AND EXPLAINS THINGS WELL.  DID A GREAT JOB ON MY FRACTURE 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
66	1	 	2	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	Very personable and helpful.  Listens ell and solves problems 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	. Good Doctor! 		4	4	4 	Insurance:Medicare
68	1	The absolute best.  I trust him more than anyone else in my life.  He does his best to make sure that you completely understand the situation.  He doesn't pull any punches and tells you exactly what is going to happen. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Absolutely terrific. Handled the technical and the personal beautifully in the care of my son. Great with children. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	-1	i was givin plavix, i changed dr. found out i was treated for wrong problems. always always 45 min. to 90 min. to be seen on my apts. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
69	-1	I would not recommend him. If you cancel an appointment you are expected to call. If he fails to show or changes his schedule, you are SOL. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Love the staff. They do a good job covering for him not showing up! That being said, I like Dr. Chaney.  I just wish he would keep his appointments! 	3	1	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	I find that Dr Chaney is a very caring person who has gone the extra mile to find aND TREAT MY MEDICAL PROBLEMS. He has found what other  drs have not, and treated me in a manner which i I agree with.  	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
69	-1	. billed ins when didnt see at times      wrong address 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
70	-1	When I had a hernia surgery, he told me he would just sew it up but instead he said he EXPERIMENTED on me.  I had to find another doctor to explore and he had to remove the mesh because it was broke into a lot of pieces. Today i am still having bad problems from the surgery he did on me. I will never trust him to do anything else.  	 6/8/08	1	3	1	Insurance:Workers Comp
71	-1	After my insurance company requested I have a doctor fill out a basic wellness screening form, I decided to give Dr. Chapman's office a try.  After my lab works came in, her office refused to either mail or fax the form to me or my insurance company.  Stating that if I lived out of the area they could but they couldn't waste their time faxing or mailing the form back to me.  Being that her office is only open 8:15 to 4:30 most days I had to take time out of my job, to drive to their office, to pick up a form just they were not 'inconvenienced', as if their time is the only one that matters. 	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	Incredible Physician and customer service.  I am always impressed with his compassion.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
72	1	Paul Conley is a wonderfuldoctor he cares so much for his patients and does whatever he can to help and when he does help he does it with excellance. I'm so glad he is my doctor i wouldn't have it any other way. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	I have been chronically ill for years now with chronic migraines, fatigue, dizziness, numbness in hands and feet, vision problems, digestive problems, sleep problems...doctors told me nothing more they could do for me that I have autoimmune issuesw, CAEBV, possible MS....lost almost 40 lbs and was unable to process foods anymore.  Thanks to Dr. Chambers and his wonderful staff ... I am finally getting better.  Through Acupuncture, diet, exercise, supplements etc...I am getting my life back.   He is knowledgable, patient, kind, spends time needed with each patient, I know that there will be ups and downs but for the first time in years I have hope and most importantly feel better each week!  Most grateful!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	Dr. Chambers is a fantastic doctor! He is caring and knowledgeable.  He took the time to properly diagnose my problems. He explained what type of treatment that would be needed to fix the problem.  The chiropractic care with the addition of acupuncture relieved my pain and I was able to get quality of life back again.  I would recommend Dr. Chambers to everyone.   He is a great! 	 7/18/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	Great doctor, one of the best. Friendly , kind gentle treatments. Helps all tryes of health conditions. Does chiropractic, Acupuncture, and functional health. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	0	A friend and I were referred to Dr. Chambers after a vehicle wreck,he helped us,but kept us both coming back for treatments due to the lawyer telling him to have medical documents on us until the settlement.  As soon as the settlement was determined, he dropped us like two hot potatoes on the same day.  	3	1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	-1	NOT GOOD WITH PROCEDURES-GO TO SOMEONE ELSE IF YOU CAN 		5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	I agree with the other comment on here.He deserves alot of credit.Dr.Craig cares about every patient he sees. He is extremely helpful and Im sure he saves many lives, due to his caring nature and expertise in his field. I cannot give this Dr. enough credit. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	Dr Craig is the most knowledgeable and caring Dr I have met. Lots of people are alive and well because of his skill and care. I can not recommend him highly enough. He deserves a 10 out of 5.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	1	I love her!!! She was understanding and extremely helpful!I had her as my doc for my second baby and the difference was like night and day. She is amazing! I cant wait to have another baby! Love Love Love Her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	I just wanted to let everyone know that Dr. Cabaniss was the best.  Her enthusiasm for her job was always evident and she was always helpful and informative and made me feel at ease throughout my pregnancy.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	1	I love, Love, Love her and her staff.  My beautiful daughter was brought into this world by her.  I think if I was younger, I would have more children just so I could go and see her once a month.  We Ukiahians are so, so lucky to have her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	1	She is awsome always there if you have any questions and shes really funny.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	1	Dr. Cababiss was my doc for my first child and was the best friend/doc.  I can't say enough wonderful things about her.  I feel greatful to have had her as my doctor.  She always took time to talk to me about the pregnancy and life.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	1	She was the best doctor I ever had. Sure do miss her in WV. She was there to deliver my three children. She answered every question that I had and was there to help with every concern.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	1	Dr. Cabaniss was the best doctor I ever has. I was a patient in Parkersburg after having two miscarriages she helped me through and performed a c section to  get my twin daughter here. She is missed and can never be replaced wish she would come back to West Virginia. She was always there any time i needed her she was there. I know my twins would not be here health and eight years old. My girls are only here because of the care I received from her. I just hope her patients in California appreciate her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
77	1	I have one word for Dr.Cabaniss!!! AWESOME! I was one of her first patients in Parkersburg, WV and I'm so lost without her now! She was the best Doctor I have ever met! I have yet to find a doctor I trust and like the way I trusted her! There is know one like her!  She cared! She loved her patients! Any Doctor that can call you at home and check on you is more than a doctor, she's your friend too. She is wonderful! I thank God that we have doctors like her! I wish we could have her back!! If I were rich, I would fly to CA for my check ups, just to still have her as my doctor! Dr.Cabaniss If you're reading this, know that you're missed. Amy :o) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	I seen Dr. Cabaniss for the delivery of my first born child, and during my pregnancy and delivery of my second child when she practiced in Parkersburg....absolute best doctor around!!! Highly recommend her to any woman of any age. Very knowledgeable and educated on current medical issues. Wonderful personality, great FRIEND to her patients, caring, and personable. A great loss for us in Parkersburg. Hope those in CA. will love her as much as we here do. First class, top of the line doctor.  You can't ask for better service! We miss her very much!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
77	-1	She wouldn't meet with me until it was too late and I had already had a miscarriage. This was a horrible experience and I would expect my Dr. to be more caring! 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	Doctor Cabaniss is a great doctor and friend. She was very caring and always had a hug to give. She was also very thorough and took time with her patients. She delivered my first baby 13yrs ago, and she did a wonderful job. I was sad that I was unable to see her for my second pregnacy due to insurance reasons. I believe if she'd been my doctor I may not of had a c-section for the my second delivery. I truely miss her and hope all is well for her in calif. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	She was absolutely great.  She possesses the quality of making everyone in her presence feel like they are the most important person in the world. She was professional, but most importantly she was confident.   I would recommend her to anyone! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
77	1	Dr. Cabaniss is the first doctor I have met who actually seems to care for her patients and takes the time to get to know them. She is the best thing to happen to Ukiah in a long time and I hope she likes it here as much as I and I'm sure many others appreciate her being here.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
77	1	Dr Cabaniss is the best doctor I have ever had.  She is energetic, has a wonderful personality, and really cared about me as a patient.  I recommend her to anybody I can.  My husband and I were completely satisfied with her service (we had a not-so-good doctor for my first pregnancy), and will go to her if we decide to have another child.  I live an hour and a half away from Ukiah and seeing Dr. Cananiss was well worth the drive.  Dr. Cabaniss is the best and even though I had a difficult pregnancy, I felt very safe in her hands.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	-1	This doctor was a hysterical, unrealistic doctor.She never got back to me about the results of my tests. I had to call her. When she read the results of my tests, she became hysterical that I would end up dead just like her mother and grandmother. I had to calm her down.I would not recommend her to any woman.  	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	1	I was a patient of Dr. Cabaniss in Parkersburg for 12 years.  I miss her very much!  Dr Cabaniss was wonderful so caring and compasionate, through my 4 miscarriages.  She provided me with the best care - I couldn't have asked for more.  I was pregnant for the 5th time when she moved.  I wish so much that she could see my 2 children, because if it wasn't for her care, treatment and recommendations I would not have them.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	1	Dr.Cabaniss is a great doctor shes top notch and takes good care of me.. her staff is also a lot of help 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
77	1	Dr. Cabaniss was my doctor in Parkersburg, WV, until she moved to CA. She is irreplacable. She was kind, understanding, patient, and, most of all, understood the needs of her patients. I wouldn't have wanted anyone else to deliver my child. She and her staff provided us with nothing but positive and helpful experiences. Any woman should be considered lucky to have her as their doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	1	Dr. Cabaniss is by far Irreplaceable in Parkersburg, WV.  She truly cared about me and my family for out 2 years of infertility and then through the birth of my 3 children!  If anyone complains about her promptness then you do not understand how she practices.   SHE gives of herself 100% to all of her patients and if you have to wait, it is probably because she is with another patient and she would do the same for you!!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
77	1	Dr. Cabaniss is the BEST!!  When I found her I had lost one child and was pregnant with my second.  She hooked me up with one of the greatest endocrinologists in our area.  Thanks to her I have two very healthy boys, and my diabetes couldn't be better thanks to her intervention. The only reason she keeps people waiting is because she's delivering a baby or still with another patient. You may have to wait, but she gives everyone the same attention and the same care.When Dr. Cabaniss went to California, Parkersburg West Virginia lost the greatest OB/GYN for many miles.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	1	Dr. Cabaniss was my doctor in Parkersburg, WV.  She helped me through a miscarriage and months later the delivery of my 2nd child.  She is a wonderful physician.  She remembers personal things about you/your family.  She treats you as a friend.  She is not one of those doctors who has their hand on the doorknob to rush out of the room.  I had moved from the area and I see that she has, too.  I wish her all the best and any patient is lucky to have her as their physician. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	0	Dr. Cabaniss is not an unpleasant person but I felt she tended to be dismissive of my concerns (and there weren't many). Also, for each visit I was kept waiting in the exam room anywhere from 20-30 minutes before she would arrive. 	3	2	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
77	-1	She was very negative in tone and offered no helpful advise.She took an inordinate amount of time to let me know the results of tests.  		4	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
78	1	I went to Criniti for years, but really got tired of her listening to my heart and lungs, then scooting out of the room before I could ask any questions.  She really did not help my ailments, just laughed them off.   Finally switched docs and the dfference is like night and day! 	3	4	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	1	Dr. Casas has been my cardiologist since 2002. He recommended bypass surgery and oversaw my care after the surgery. I believe he saved my life. He is very busy and often called out on emergencies but has always taken time with me to discuss any concerns I may have. I have absolute confidence in Dr. Casas. The only problem I have ever had is that he occasionally cancels or postpones appointments on short notice because of emergency call outs.  	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Secure Horizons
79	0	Uncaring, arrogant, patronizing, definite ego issues. 	4	4	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	Been my personal doc for about 4 years now.  Very insightful and helpful.  Even took time when we were heading out of the country to go over everything we needed to be concerned about.  Also came in when we forgot to get a signed waiver for scuba diving and filled it out.  Never a bad experience. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	-1	Dr. Carico was one of the Doctor's who provided care for my Father.  He was a patient in Cornerstone Hospital of Hungtington.  He spent a week as the Doctor working that floor.  My father was there and Doctor Carico saw him daily.  The treatment from Dr. Carico and Cornerstone Hospital was absolutely dismal.  The decision was made to transport him out back to the Hospital he came from.  Dr. Carico told us, the family, he had contacted all the carriers.  We needed Life Flight.  He did not.  He even went home at 5:00 p.m. without calling Life Air who had been waiting 2 hours.  Afterwards, we received, after paying $193, my Dad's Medical file.  There are things in there that Dr. Carico put that aren't true.  He is horrible.  Doesn't provide all the options.  Instead, tells you that &quot;sometimes you just need to step out of the way of nature&quot;.  With little help from him, my Father passed away on April 10, 2010.  I would never recommend Dr. Carico to anyone.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
80	-1	Truly not my defination of a doctor He does not have the ability to deal with serious illnesses,hes unprofessional  and rude in my opinion, when a dr gets up in someones face arguing, thats not professional by anyones standards, I filed an official complaint against him,NOW that I refuse to go to him none of the other Dr's will take me(its a rule you cant switch Drs for any reason once you start seeing one there, Id honestly wouldnt go to that Dr is he was the only one with a cure. Disgraceful that Drs arent held to higher standard in professional care.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
80	1	Dr. Carico was so thoughtful and kind and very insightful.  He took his time and asked me lots of questions and I felt like he truly cared about my healthcare needs.  I would highly recommend him to family and friends.  He even called me back with my lab results and explained each one to me!  He was so kind.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	Excellent Knowledgeable person with loads of hand on experience 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	-1	Dr. Capelle has been following my osteopenia for several years.  Every two years I have had a bone density test.   Have had three over a period of six years.  After the results of each test come in, I always want to know how each result compares with the one before and if the Actonel which I take is indeed working.   Never have gotten a straight answer, just have been told to stay on the treatment course.  After this last time, I mentioned  to my family doctor that I had no idea what was going on with my bone density tests, and that results had never been gone over with me.  He looked up the results at the MGH Radiology dept. and we learned that my bone density had gotten worse.  He ordered a vit. D level and it was found to be low 	3	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	did not see the doctor about my concerns, but the nurse practioner holly was wonderful, followed up on every test and got answers to the questions i asked about.  did not probe into anything deeper, but satisfied my needs 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	In reading over some of the comments I find it hard to believe I was visiting the same doctor.  I found Dr. Cappella smart, attentive, and supportive.  She answered my questions and supported all of my questions.  Her staff were fine and cheerful.  I had a 15 minute wait.  I do not find her blunt. I find her to be busy and says what needs to be said.  I was treated well.  This is an excellent physician.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	0	This place got really good reviews through word of mouth, totally NOT SO in real life!  I regularly waited an hour and half EVERY time I visited this clinic. Out of the 5 times I went there, I only saw the doctor twice. Staff was SO RUDE it was unbelievable. It was one of those situations where I had to pinch myself and ask &quot;is this really happening&#63;&quot;  The nurses who pretend to know what they are talking about as they put on a white robe and play &quot;doctor&quot; are absolutely clueless, rude, conceded, and did I say RUDE&#63;&#63;&#63; The actual doctor, Susan Capelle, wasn't bad. She was able to listen and ask questions. But the BIG no-no came when we talked, we discovered a mutual acquaintance and she revealed to me that she was a patient there and had come to see her just 2 weeks earlier... Then had (positive yet inappropriate) things to say. Who talks to patients about other patients&#63;! Especially when the patient she talked to me about was just a business associate, NOT a close friend.  NEVER GOING BACK 	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
82	-1	Surgery was 2 1/2 hours late.Paperwork did not match surgery.Items were added that had not been discussed.Dr. was rude and very egotistcal in hospital before and after surgery. I will not be returning for followup visit. Plan to change drs.immediatly. Have not received bill from dr.at this time..  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	-1	When I attempted to ask educational questions, Dr. Capelle told me she was the doctor and for me to just leave myself in her care.  Has surgery she punctured my bladder and talked to my mother and husband after procedure and made it like no BIG deal.  Talked down to my family.  I ended up doing follow-up with another doctor. Could tell several more horror stories...  Run Away FAST.  	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	All of my concerns were addressed in a complete and professional manner.  No delays in treatment, didn't have to wait months for procedures, prompt responses on test results.  Dr. Capelle is rather blunt but it woke me up about the importance of my health and my responsibility to maintain a healthy lifestyle.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	-1	I have never been so insulted by an MD in my life.  Dr. Capelle showed no interest in helping me with my problems and actually scolded me for taking notes during one of our appointments. Needless to say that was our final appointment. She didn't contact me about test results, only seemed interested in pushing a contraception method that did not meet my criteria nor address my concerns.  She and the pharmaceutical company for Mirena must be good friends.  On top of that, two different sets of tests/lab work performed at different times and sent to different locations both sent me bills because her staff failed to provide them my insurance information.  When I tried to resurect some level of patient/physician relationship with her and get my issues resolved, I was told there isn't a &quot;magic pill&quot; and that we as women - including her - just &quot;have to deal with it.&quot;  If you need a gyno, do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	-1	My girlfriend has been seeing this &quot;Dr&quot; as well, and the words from the previous commentor &quot;dont care&quot;, is about the feeling she got from her as well as along with just &quot;mean&quot;...when she broke down in her office on last vist beacuse how much she is either dealing with absolutley no emotions at all, OR anger, depression, saddness, loss of empathy &amp; sex drive, poor sleep, no energy, no joy in life, etc, ect...my GF says she was emphatic about how bad she was feeling, like a ghost or an empty shell of herself...the &quot;so called&quot; professional advice she recived was to get out more, be around people, bright colors and lots of sunshine...it is January in the Valley now of course, lol!  When I relayed this experince to my Mother, a Nurse of 20 yrs with 2 good frinds who have both had their Thyroids removed and are to this day on hormone therapy, the response was all the same...that is COMPLETE BS, at best horrible medical advice in this case, and boderline malpractice in my opinion.Lastvisit4us 	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
83	-1	Dr. Crisan would not continue to see me past my first visit if I did not switch to the medication she prescribes for all of her thyroid patients, regardless of my telling her that I tried that medication for over two years with nasty side effects and a low quality of life.  She did not provide any reason for me to switch medications other than that it worked for everybody else and that my blood tests might not be as accurate.  However, the medication I am currently on has given me a good quality of life and I feel much better.  I reiterated this to her several times, but she did not care.  Sorry, those aren't good enough reasons for me to switch, and I found it shocking that she was not willing to work with me at all solely based upon which medication I was taking for my thyroid.  	5	5	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	I agree with the previous post!! She is wonderful. I have been seeing her since I left my pediatrician!! I am now 20 years old. I hardly ever have to recap and go over all of my problems when I go in each and every time. She remembers everything and is always on point. Very gentle and informative.  I highly recommend her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	Dr. Castaldo is very caring and thorough.  She takes the time necessary to ensure quality care, even calling you at home if she needs to.  She really seems to &quot;know&quot; her patients. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	I took my 3 boys (ages 3,2,and 7wks) to see him. My 2 yr old hadn't had a nap so he was a little roudy and was getting my 3 yr old roudy also, nothing major they were just being normal kids. When Dr. Chowdhury was telling me about scheduling my next appointment he told me to schedule them all seperate and not bring them all together. He wasn't interested in the children at all. He acted very improfessional and was very rude. 	5	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	great doc,really caring.was my husband's doc.immediate diagnosis,immediate treatment plan 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	Was very caring and compassionate while showing good knowledge. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	She is my favorite doctor.  Period.  If I could rate her off the chart, I would.  Knowledgeable, superb skill, talented, empathetic. I rarely see doctors and do not normally look forward to doctor visits.  I looked forward to seeing her.  I miss her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	Dr. C is absolutely terrific.  Very sympatico, and she gets to the problem.  She ensures you have all the right check ups, tests, etc. I haven't felt this comfortable with a Dr. in a long time.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	0	I was in the waiting room for 3 hours for this appointment, not including the 15 or so minutes early I'd shown up in hopes of getting everything done in a timely manner.  Thankfully, I didn't urgently have to be anywhere afterwords.  I admit that put me in a nasty mood for everything following.  The staff wasn't great, but not awful either.  Dr. Cavender herself was pretty friendly, but apparently rushed and barely took any time to hear my health concerns.  Will not be going there again.  	3	1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	Carrying on a family tradition, ( her father and mother were both MDs) this lady is remarkable, caring and really &quot;knows&quot; each of her patients.  You never feel like &quot;just another number.&quot; You can feel the personal concern and care coming from Dr. Cavender. If you experience a wait in her office, feel good about it.  She will take the necessary time with you also and not rush you through.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
90	0	Would not return phone calls.  Did not listen to my concerns. 	4	5	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	. Very caring,easy to talk to knowledgeable 	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	1	Dr. Cash was so very helpful and kind. I usually hate going to doctors because they act like it's an inconvenience that you are there. I'm 24 and this was my first regular doctor. I will definitely follow up with her. She chatted with my for about 30 minutes instead of rushing me out of the office and even pulled up pictures on her computer to show me what she thought was wrong to put it into better perspective. Extremely nice and would recommend.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	Dr. Cobb is an excellent dentist.  With a past history of bad experiences in the dental chair, I was relieved to find a dentist who understood this and was very patient with me.  His technique for numbing prior to a procedure is remarkable.  I can honestly say, I felt very little discomfort with the actual injection and nothing while he performed the procedure.  He explained each step of the procedure and made sure I was comfortable and pain free.  This dentist has ended all fears I ever experienced in the past.  I highly recommend him to anyone who wants to find a compassionate, caring and excellent young dentist.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
93	-1	not very helpful 	1	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	I love this dentist.  He is knowledgable, professional and his staff is great too!  The office is always clean and they have all the latest technology there. My entire family goes to this office as well.  They are competitively priced and have excellent service. I definitely recommend this doctor to anyone looking for dental care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	-1	Bad experience with this dentist. I was involved with him for 10 months during this time. Front top teeth were filed down very short, then a 2 piece temporary cover made and applied by his dental assistant. Raw nerves were exposed and I has painful shocking like pain with eating and drinking anything. An upper left tooth was drilled until the tooth exploded into bits. I caused me 2,000 dollars to save, at my cost. When I picked my records up, this incident or entire visit was not documented. The assistant had made the 2 piece temporary, Dr. Carpenter laughed. Right top crown was set too low causing the gum to recede and look bad, this then caused the precision fitting partial not to fit, and caused sharp pain with chewing. This was not documented in my file either. I was never issued anything for pain. The work I needed done would change from one visit to another. I thought I could handle it but I was wrong.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
94	-1	Dr. Carpenter does not have time to see his patients if there is an emergency.  He also has no loyality to his patients when they have been long term patients 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Delta Dental
95	1	I think that Dr. Cowher is a wonderful and very helpful doctor. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	-1	they dont care about the person just there money. hn 	4	2	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
96	1	He is a very nice doctor his proffessionalism is with the upmost respect towards others. He has compassion, and heart in his work. Great doctor...wish others could be like him as well! 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	Dr. Paul is very friendly and takes the time to answer any questions. The staff is mostly friendly but some can be a bit impolite. Things tend to not be kept confidential in the Valley Health Fort Gay office. I would recommend Dr. Paul to anyone seeking a family doctor.  	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	0	Dr. Connor is a PA-C. He is very friendly and helpful. His staff is pretty rude and very bad about keeping things confidential, but Dr. Connor is fine for general illness like cold, flu, earache.  	3	4	4	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
97	1	DR CHANG WOULD HAVE TO BE ONE   OF THE BEST PATHOLOGIST IN THE U.S. 	5	2	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	I highly recommend Dr. Jason Castle; on a scale of 1-10, he's an 11.  I've needed dual knee replacements for over 10 years (my dual ACL reconstructions from the early 80's lasted me for almost 20 years).  Reasons for my rating:  a) he was straighforward and open in his evaluation; covered options, risks, possible benefits; b) well-organized staff that was accurate, prompt and professional, c) my dual knee replacement went so well that my pain was less the day AFTER surgery than the day BEFORE surgery, i was home 2 days after surgery, no need for a walker 1 week after surgery (per both therapists and myself), driving after 2-1/2 weeks, walking a mile plus after 3 weeks and able to resume all the activities i had to give up over the past 15 years (bicycling, trail hiking, jogging, etc).  I cannot imagine a better experience for dual knee replacements. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	I have had excellent results from an arthroscopic ACL replacement done by Dr. Castle.  Wery satisfied! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	Very personable and knowledgeable. She was very caring and her nurses and staff were also very polite.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
99	-1	rude and quick to prescribe rx without doing any tests.  Have to wait months for appt. and still accepting new patients.  	3	2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
100	1	Dr. Cox has a kind and courteous staff, and he is very accessible when it comes to answering my questions and explaining treatment options,  I would recommend him to anyone 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
