dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Gone to him my whole life, and he always goes above and beyond what he is required to do, and he is always very professional. I wouldn't trust my teeth to anyone else.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
1	1	Dr. Harshbarger is the most kind, compassionate dentist that I've ever met.  He has come in on weekends and late at night to work on my family and me.  His technology is better than anyone in the area and he makes a effort to stay educated.  His manner is one of caring and removing the fear of going to the dentist, one of the most stressful events in a person's life.  Keep up the great work Dr. Mike! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	The only problem i have is that he pinches my arm while working on my teeth 	5	3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	-1	I had a dental implant and he messed up the crown. He filed it down to nothing and my bite if off. I kept going back to try and get it fixed, but he kept acting like I was crazy and his staff acted like I was just trying to cause trouble when I wanted was to have a functional tooth. He took impressions twice and the crown he put in had to be filed to nothing. Now I have a terrible taste in my mouth and am afraid to go to anyone else or back to him. I do not know what I am going to do. He acted impatient and short fused with me. It was a terrible experience.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	This previous post sounds insane.  I'm 100% positive that its content is a complete misrepresentation or flat out lie.  I've been treated by Dr. Harshbarger since I was a little girl as has the rest of my family.  Yes, he's interested in chatting casually and/or being friendly while treating patients, no that does not make him a creep as the previous poster would have you believe.  He or she clearly has a vendetta because a tooth that had to be filled had to be removed later.  This is not unheard of.  It amazes me when people use the internet as a way to defame the character of others with no accountability, and its nothing short of cyber bullying.  What's next, accusing your dry cleaner of assault because he couldn't get the spot out of your shirt&#63; 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	I've been coming to Mike since I was a kid, so I know him and his practice very well. My wife, four children and I work with orphans in the bush of Africa, so we only make it back to the States every couple of years. Mike and his staff go OUT OF THEIR WAY to get us all in there quickly, showing great care and concern for our dental needs. His staff is kind, caring, and genuinely interested in us. They are professional, yet very friendly~ what you hope to find in a West Virginia practice! My young children LOVE Mike, as he is wonderful at loosening them up, making them laugh, and providing them a very positive dental experience. Mike treats my wife and I with care and respect, something I am always so thankful for. He works hard to stay up to date on the latest technology and practices, is very knowledgeable, funny (yet professional), and he works both thoroughly and quickly (something I'm always thankful for!). I would highly recommend Mike and his staff to anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	An old-fashioned dentist who keeps up on modern dentistry.  I once told him my spouse had an infected tooth that was &quot;killing him&quot;.  Dr. Mike's response, &quot;How long will it take you to get to the office&#63;&quot;  If he runs behind, it is because he is working in dental emergencies.  His medical staff is great.  His receptionist is so rude and bad, that I once said if I had not been coming to his office over 30 years, I'd never have gone back.  Dr. Mike now allows payments on time.  You don't have to pay it all at once.  Once a week he donates time at nursing home.  From a family of doctors, he did not get out of VietNam service.  He is a combat Veteran and comes from a fine old West/Virginia family.  3 generations of his family have been treating 5 generations of my family.  SUPER GREAT DENTIST~!!!!! 	 4/12/10	2	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Great doctor whom is always helpful in anyway! Always keeps you laughing and feeling good (although when does it feel good to go to the dentist). I never know when he puts the needle in to numb and I like that because I don't like needles. 		4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	0	After getting a filling, the tooth started hurting less than a week later. Come to find out, it needed to actually be pulled. Could he not see that when he filled it&#63; Also, he was more concerned about personal details of my life than my teeth. Very touchy-feely kind of guy. He made me extremely uncomfortable. Even rubbed my shoulders a little and asked me to stand up and face away from him so he could check my spine. Said that this had a direct effect on your teeth. That's a load of bull biscuits if I ever heard one! DO NOT recommend this jerk to anyone. He still charged me almost $200 for the filling in the tooth that had to be pulled less than a week later!! 		3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Dr Craig was very personable and explained everything in great detail. I had a good experience. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Excellent, caring Dr. I moved to NC and really miss the medical care he gave. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr. Hanna is my mom (and was my dad's doctor).  He is the the kindest, most compassionate, caring doctor I have ever seen.  I can not begin to say enough about the &quot;EXCELLENT&quot; care he has provided to my parents.  I would recommend him to anyone.  He is a good Christian man.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
3	-1	He doesn't listen to any concerns, then rushes you out the room after five minutes. This is after you have sat in the waiting room for 2 hours. He obviously overbooks himself, which I find very greedy. If you have a continuing pain, he will assure you you're fine...until you end up in the ER 9 months later! Either an idiot or just doesn't care...either way, I would give him a .001 star out of 5. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	He admitted my mother to the hospital with an acute abdomen and failed to follow up with her thru the night. She was misdiagnosed by radiology and even though her symptoms progressively got worse, he did not bother to find out what was going on with her. She died a horrible death due to his lack of concern.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
4	1	 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
5	0	I would never go back to this man.  He has a poor bedside manner, didn't diagnose correctly and almost cost me my life. No, I would not recommend him to anyone I knew.  	5	5	1	4 	Insurance:Anthem
6	-1	.  	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	-1	 	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Haved used Dr. Hanna for many years and would not go anywhere else.  Trust her with my vision completely 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Dr. Hashem is a great doctor who is very knowledgeable, personable, caring, understanding, empathetic, and professional. I would highly recommend him to any new patient.  	3	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	. Need better timing 	3	1	4	4 	Insurance:Medicare
9	1	Dr. Hanley is awesome. I can really tell he cares about me and all aspects of my treatment. He is the best psychiatrist in the area. I have seen most others. His staff is tremendous as well.  He even makes personal telephone calls when warranted! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
9	1	He is a very caring psychiatrist that genuinely want to help his patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
10	1	Great doctor. At fifteen my bowels ruptured. He did amazing work and made me and my family feel very good about everything we were going through. Very friendly! Would recommened to anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Dr. Hunter has delivered all 3 of my children.  He has been my gynecologist for 20+ years.  He may not look you directly in the eye, but believe it or not he has a fantastic sense of humor!  He is a wealth of knowledge on every topic I've ever asked.  I love the fact that every time I go to my prenatal visits, I actually see HIM and not a handful of physician assistants.  Without reservation, I would recommend Dr. Hunter to anyone! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	I have been going to Dr. Hunter for twelve years and he delivered both of my children.  He is an excellant OB/GYB.  I had to have an hysterectomy 3 years ago and all went remarkably well.  I was only 32 and Dr. Hunter took great care of me, you couldn't ask for a better man.  He's a little shy but thats kinda nice to find in a doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	If you are looking for a OB that is on time - you'll never find one!  Babies don't come on a schedule and when I deliver I want my Dr. with me - not in his office - so I don't hold punctuality against him.  He can't help most of it!  He is very sweet and thorough.  I had many complications during and after my pregnancy and he and his staff have always been very helpful and considerate!  I wouldn't go to anyone else!!!!! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	 	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Dr. Hunter is very helpful with any situation or questions that I have for him. He really has a warm heart. His staff is very kind and willing to help. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	I have been going to Dr. Hunter for 18 years. He is a great doctor, he takes time to talk with me and to listen to my concerns. I trust him with all my medical decisions. He really has a great staff also, everyone there is very kind. 		2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	I truly appreciate Dr. Hunter and his staff. The staff are very friendly and responsive and work hard to accommodate my schedule. Although busy, Dr. Hunter takes the time to answer any questions or discuss test results without making me feel like I'm &quot;on the clock. &quot; 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	Dr. Hunter delivered my son 3 years ago. I moved to WV 6 months into my pregnancy & he took over. At first I was concerned with having a male Dr. b/c I had always seen a women OB/GYN I found Dr. Hunter to be knowledgeable and thorough. His staff is very kind and I never felt rushed or dismissed. On more than one occasion I spent almost an hour waiting for my appointment and I do believe that they could do better with their promptness and scheduling. But I never questioned my care and would not hesistate to recommend him.  		1	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
11	-1	Did not care for this doctor. He was not helpful with questions and did not explain anything to me. He would not look me in the eye. 		4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Dr.Hagan is one of three allergy doctors in huntington. This  guy is one of the best. Go to him!!!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	I think Dr. Hatfield is the best dentist there is, period. I have been to him several times and I have felt NO pain. He stands behind his work and using far superior materials to other dentists. He will tell you if you need something or not, and he is not in the business of ripping his patients off. He is wonderful and I will continue using him as long as he is practicing!!! 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	0	Poor communication.  Rude staff.  Dentist is ok.  	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Dr. Haffar is very intelligent and has a wonderful bedside manner.  He does a thourough examination and then decides what tests to run.  He does not run useless tests just to bill insurance.  He explains everything and speaks excellent English.   Thank you, Dr. Haffar and thanks to your pleasant office staff.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
15	-1	Would not go to him again if he paid me.  very uncaring doctor.  He was rude and rough.  And his office could use some updates 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	They do things they know your insurance wont pay for and dont tell you. Like Using white fillings on back teeth instead of metal. 90% of insurance Co's wont pay that. But they dont tell you when they do it, or give you the option of not getting the white fillings. Then, a Month later, you'll get a bill for the remainder of what your insurance co. wont pay.  Very sneaky if you ask me.  	3	5	4	3 	Insurance:Delta Dental
15	1	He is the best dentist I have ever had. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Dr. Honaker saved my Dad's life by correctly diagnosing a problem not related to his field of medicine, but by taking time to listen to him and referring him to a doctor that could help.   He is wonderful! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Great colonoscopy doctor took out several polyps during oly one procedure, he saved my life. Infomative staff sent me a lot of literature about polyps and acid reflux. recommend him highly 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	0	When I went to his office i waited 3 hours the doctor came and appeared cofused. Told me to have colonoscopy even though I just had one. After that he visit I could nort get an appointment. The office said the doctor is stressed and may retire. 	2	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	. very unhelpful staff and the doctor is forgetful 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Several years ago I had went to several different doctors for severe pain I had in my left side that would come and go and had x-rays, and several tests. The doctors told me that nothing was wrong with me. Finally after 3 years of severe pain, I started bleeding when I went to emergency room, I had lost almost half of my blood volume ,they told me I needed a specialist and which one did I want I said I didn't know any, and they told me Dr. Honaker was on call, so I said he was fine with me. Within what seemed like minutes he diagnosed what my problem was and the next day I went to surgery, and began treatments for Ulcerative Colotis and Crohn's.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
17	-1	This woman was not helpful at all. She did not recognize how seriously ill and over-medicated I was. She also discouraged me from seeking financial assistance. Not very knowledgeable and NOT an M.D. psychiatrist either. Avoid.  	1	4	2	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
18	-1	I have to see one of the physician assistants when I go to the drop in clinic because Dr Holbert is goofing off in his office. I waited for him two hours one day and walked by his office to see him online playing a game. He has little empathy for his patients and works at the clinic to bring in the bacon and nothing else. Doctors in West Virginia seem to be all about ego, power, and money, and Dr Holbert is a good example of this. He has a poor attitude. Doctors are taking a lot of money from society and giving very little back. They are causing the economy to be fragile. Doctors take too much money out of the pockets of hard working people.  	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
19	1	I have been going to Dr. Henson for several years. He is a great doctor. He has always taken the time to answer all my questions and concerns.  His staff has always been very helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	Very good surgeon. He was very patient and kind. Answered all  my questions and explain throughly. He never seemed in a hurry or like I was interrupting his time. He is one of a kind and I would recommend him to anyone.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	He is a very nice and polite young man. He was very knowledgeable on the procedure I was to have. Sat and talked to me about the procedure in depth and answered all my questions that I had. Highly recommended for any type of procedure in the Tri-State Area.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
20	1	Good experience overall. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Dr. Hopkins is always very friendly and helpful. She takes the time to fully understand the problems you are having.  	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Dr. Hopkins could not be more caring.  She takes all the time necessary to meet your needs. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Dr Hopkins is a good Dr, she does give cash discounts for cash patients, I really appreciate her helpfulness and the nurse help line and the nurse refill line are phenomenal. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	She spends good time with patients, and makes sure you understand your condition. Staff is great.  Not scared to order test! I was seeing a different Dr that make my condition worst!! Feeling alot better!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
22	1	Performed minor skin cancer surgery on my father and inserted a dual chamber pacemaker in my mother this year.  Both procedures went very well with no complications.  Office staff is friendly and helpful.  Appointments have been punctual and Dr. Hegstrom is very skilled, knowledgeable, and has good bedside manner.  I was very pleased with all the care received. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Dr. Hegstrom is a FANTASTIC SURGEON!  Would definitely go to him for any surgical procedures.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	Very knowledgable in the field of laparscopic surgery. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Dr Hubbard was always very nice and upbeat every time i had an appt. my treatment was exceptional. would recommend him to all.And he has a very good bedside manner.. THANK YOU DR DAVID HUBBARD.  W SIMMONS 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Dr. Hubbard has always been very up front in my treatment. His staff has been more than helpful and courteous. I am in on time and they spend all the time I need answering my questions and explaining treatments and options. 	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	Why doesn''t this doctor care about the average working man&#63; Why doesn''t his ego allow him to see the pain that exists in his patients&#63; 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	He's arrogant with no bedside manner.  Hate to see he is now at Pearisburg Hospital.  	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
24	-1	I had a fracture of the left hand below the  Metacarpal but right at the joint. From the x-rays very little if any arthritis was seen as per ER Dr. I told Helvey the pain in the joint was 10 on level of 10 he ignored me over and over I complained, on deaf ears. I now have a severely protruding joint. And I ‘m left handed. I can’t open a jar. I drop things, and even holding a pen is painful.  Being physical therapy for months with my shoulder I had the chance to talk to a lot of people. And the ones that saw Helvey or the other Dr. of Orthopedics at the office are still kicking themselves. And will never go back…. I suggest you research your Dr. extensively.  	 9/26/09	2	2	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	She has a great bedside manner and is a very up to date, intelligent doctor. She believes in treating the WHOLE patient, not just your complaint 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	She has been a very helpful Dr to me and has help me threw alot of problems with my medical condistions and I think she is a very good Dr 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	. drug pushers and that is all they do --no matter what age! 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Workers Comp
25	-1	this doctor is a pill pusher, she does not even examine her patients, and gives them whatever they ask for, alot of young people are dying because of her. All she wants is money! I took my brother there after a car accident the office was packed some people waiting were pilled up so bad they were falling out of chairs and slurring speech. After my brother came out I ask him how it went and he said all she ask was what meds did I want, and set him up at her phy therapy site to run up his pip. It was outragous!! When the pip was gone she dropped him as a paitent. She needs to be investigated! 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	I saw Dr. Hagins for the first time today. I was in an accident and have seen numerous doctors over the last 6 years. I can honestly say that my experience was one of the best I have had. He took his time to listen to what was wrong and I didnt feel like he was on a time schedule or that I was just a number. Not only did he listen to me but also took the time to explain treatments. I highly recommend Dr. Hagins and the staff. Also I didnt make it through the first page of a gossip magazine before I was called back.  Great experience.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
26	1	Not great hours,you have to be there at 6 a.m. or no later then 10a.m.But he does listen and gives you opitions in your treatment.If you don't have insurance office vists start at 90.00 a little high for many.Overall good Dr. good staff 	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	-1	.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	I have been going to Dr. Hassan for 15 years.  He is always on time with appointments, I am not just another face to him, he has helped me tremendously and he is a very kind dr.  I would reccommendhim to any friend of mine.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
28	-1	. this doctor gave my wife welbutrin even after she told hem she had a siezur before and now cause of that she has to deal with them the rest of her life , I wouldn't take my dog to see him 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
29	1	. excellent, excellent best care fast and friendly 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	I Liked Dr. Honakers personality WHEN you can get him to talk. He would answer any questions that I had but didnt offer much. He also didnt seem to remember me from visit to visit. He listened to me but I still felt as though he had 'his hand on the doorknob' throughout our visits. My biggest complaint is that he missed my leaking amniotic fluid for 2 months, saying it was &quot;normal&quot; and not checking anything. My little one came 2 months early because of it.  	3	5	5	3 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
30	1	Dr. Honaker is amazing. He is very compassionate and made me feel very comfortable.  Very knowledgeable. I trust him completely and would recommend him to anyone looking for a great OB doc! I wish I had gone to him for the delivery of our first son, because his personality made all the difference in the world! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	I have been going to Dr. Holehouse for 3 years and I trust him more than any other doctor. Him and his wife, Jennifer, have ALWAYS been there for me and have always went beyond what any other doctor would do for their patients! I LOVE THEM! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	well, i am fifteen year's old, and having a baby. My mother took me to Dr. Holehouse due to the fact, he was my doctor. he is sweet as pie in my eye's. he has made me a steady appointment for every month and he call's to check up before the appointment. he gave me and my mother the best advice we heard throughout the whole process, &quot;make the best of it&quot;. Holehouse became ad MD because he is the bed of his kind, no doubt, but i wonder how people can blame him for misscarriage's or anything along those line's. it's not his fault. he didn't call God and tell him not to keep the baby full term, he simply does his best in everything he does. if God decide's be need's the baby in heaven and not on earth, that is up to none of us, except him. i hate hearing bad thing's about Dr. Holehouse, he truly is a fabulous man. you just have to understand where he is coming from, he has done this for a long time so he know's what he is doing. 	3	2	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	I called them and told them i was bleeding and having cramps and they told me everything was normal. so i didnt think anything of it. the next morning when i wake up the cramps were alil worst so i call them again which they never didnt call me back i ended up call them like 5 times before someone answered. then they had me on hold for over 30 mins and finally told me to come in and still had to wait there an hour before they took me back. and dr. jennifer holehouse does an ultra sound look for like a min and tells me i had a miscarrage. and just leaves the room without saying anything else. so when i was leaving i asked her since i was bleed what should i use and she told me i could use tampons. which i find out later from family and friends that ur never suppose 2 use tampon after u had a baby or a miscarrage. so i dont think they really know what the are talking about.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
31	1	Dr. Holehouse is very nice and easy to talk to. He was able to find what was wrong with me from just one look when for over 6 years no other OB/GYN could figure out. He works with his wife, Jennifer Holehouse; CNM and Cindy Brown; CNM. They are all very professional and courteous. There office is called West Preston Womens Health. If it wasn't for him I wouldn't have my beautiful baby boy. He is also the first to discover that I wasn't ovulating. From before you become pregnant to after the baby is born they take really good care of you. The staff is very helpful and friendly and when you leave a message they try to get back with you the same day, if not by the next day you will hear from them. I gave them a good rating because they have always been very good to me.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
32	-1	AFTER 3 OFFICE VISITS WOULD NOT HELP FAMILY COPE WITH DEMENTIA PATIENT. NO ADVICE OR REFERRAL FOR PATIENT NEEDS. 	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
33	0	The office staff talked to me in a very unprofessional manner.  I will not be returning.  	1	2	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	-1	This is not a review of Doctor Hurst but rather his front office staff. The individuals that I spoke to at the front office were very unprofessional and I am not sure if they are playing with a full deck. Based on this experience I will not return to this office nor will I recommend this office to my colleagues, friends or family.Very disappointing not a way to run a business.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
33	1	Doctor and staff were fine, but the billing office staff were rude and short-tempered.  After receiving one bill, I received a second bill with a handwritten note stating that they had contacted me numerous times and if they didn't receive payment they would send me to collections. I sent a letter to the attention of the doctor with a payment for the full amount owed stating I had not been contacted numerous times, only once before the the second notice and I didn't appreciate the rude handwritten message on the bill and that I would make sure to tell anyone who needed a dermatologist to not go to Dr. Hurst because of his staff. Obviously, the doctor never saw the letter and I received another letter from the office that was rude.  	1	3	4	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
33	1	Very warm and friendly environment. The staff and Dr Hurst was friendly and welcoming. He was attentive and interested in our concerns. He answered questions with knowledge and care.  He could have brought us back in for many more follow ups but didnt see the need unless we requested too!!! 	 7/23/09	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
33	1	Very thorough, excellent bedside manner, listens, explains, makes patient feel comfortable... I highly recommend this doctor. Both staff and doctor provide a friendly, relaxed, yet professional atmosphere. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Did a gallbladder removal on me back in '09.  Very impressed with his skill and knowledge with technology.  Overall, an extremely effective surgeon. 	4	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	very helpful, performed gallbladder surgery on me last week... uses latest technology and friendly 	5	3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	I went to Dr. George because it is important to me to find a female doctor that I feel comfortable with. Dr. George definately fit the bill! She is young and seems very compassionate, understanding and knowledgable. She has a great bedside manner and really took the time to listen. I felt at ease talking with her. Unfortunately, I only got to see her the one time because she left the practice. I would love to know where she went so I could still be a patient. Even though my insurance did not participate with her former group, I would have continued to go because I felt that comfortable with her.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
36	1	Loved her.  She took the time to get to know me and talk to me.  But she left the practice where I originally saw her.   Can someone tell me where she is practicing now&#63; 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	Dr. Kerri George delivered my son. She is a wonderful doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	Absolutely loved the way she handled my situation. She took the time to listen and was very helpful. When I called with concerns she returned my calls promptly. Top Rate Doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	She is compassionate and caring. She understood how scared I was and took time to explain everything, encouraged me to call her with any problems anytime and has a wonderful bedside manner.  	4	3	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	Dr Herrmann has always seemed friendly and answered every question that I ever posed to him.  He has was first treating me for ED, later discovered I was hypogonadal and then discovered a pituitary adenoma which was the cause of my other two issues.  He was quick to recognize that he was not an expert in this field and set up a follow up appointment with a specialist.  I respect the man for that.  	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
37	-1	My husband doctored with doctor Heerman for several years.  In 99 he started experiencing some chest pain and difficulty breathing.  He was on Lipator for high cholesterol at this time.  With out doing any testing Dr. H told him he had allergies and prescribed allery medicine.  On subsiquent visits the diagnosis was always the same, no allergy testing, no ekg, stress test or any other testing was ever orderd for him  In 04 I asked my Dr. to see my husband.  He did an ekg and referred him to a cardiologist for a stress test this was on 3/26/04, on 4/18 he had a heart cath and on 4/19 he had quadruple by pass for 6 blockages.  Some of the allery meds he had prescribed for him should not have even been taken by someone with heart problems. The lord was looking out for my husband but his doctor surley was not.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
37	-1	When my daughter was 15 she had her gall bladder removed by another doctor who was a surgeon. My daughter was still have in pain after the surgery. Dr. Herrmann was her primary care giver and choose to have a phyciatrist evaluate her. The phyciatrist said her pain was physical not mental so I asked Dr. Herrmann to refer her to Childrens Hospital in Columbus. He would not make the referal and wrote in her medical record that she had tried suicide many times and the pain was strickly mental. I obtained all of her medical records before taking her to Columbus and that is when this was information was made know. Please always obtain your medical records to know what is being reported. I have discovered that this that should have sent up a red flag was never investigated by this doctor. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Have been seeing Dr. Holmes for five years. Great staff, never a long wait. He is a very good doctor.  Has kept me alive in spite of myself:) 	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
38	1	Very helpful keeps me healthy in spite of myself.I have been seeing him for a year and am very happy with Dr.Holmes his staff and service.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
38	-1	Rude, unhelpful, does not listen, not knowledgeable, overall very horrible. I strongly advise against anyone seeing this doctor.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
39	1	Overall, nice lady; however, she doesn't fully evaluate your problems to get to a solution.  She threw the usual meds to fix part of the problem, but didn't fully &quot;fix&quot; me.  There were things I knew should've been tested to R/O various diseases and/or illnesses.  I know as I do have family in the medical field, and I myself have had some training in the field.  Once she couldn't figure out what was going on, she just wrote me off as seeing me in a year for an annual.  Also went back and forth about referring me to a specialist, and wasn't going to until I mentioned other problems I was having such as bleeding.  A referral was in the works, but it never was set up apparently by her staff.  Needless to say, I'm finding another doctor.   One that will listen, and doesn't take my health for granted! 	3	4	3	4 	Insurance:Anthem
39	1	Very nice young lady. She listens while you talk and does not interupt. Very thorough in her exams. Does not rush in and out of the appt.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
40	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	Dr. Hudson provided a fair and unbiased evaluation for my court case.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Molina
41	1	She is very thorough, but ordered many expensive and unneccessary tests. I always had to have her retake my blood pressure, because the medical assistants NEVER got it right! 	3	3	4	3 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Dr.  Harper is like one of those old time doctors, who know their patients personally, and truly care about them 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
42	1	He involves the patients no matter how old they are in the conversation. He is very polite and listens to everything you say. He is thorough. He has a great since of humor. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	He did a knee replacement for me.  He is an excellent doctor and a genuinely nice man.  It is pleasure to see him.  He is very thoughtful and caring.  Excellent results with knees.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
44	0	Dr. Harman did not appear to be incredibly considerate during my LEEP procedure. The entire procedure lasted about 10 minutes at maximum. Dr. Harman did not talk me through the procedure, did not tell me when he was touching me or inserting the speculum, and did not even tell me that the local anesthetics would make me feel 'high'. It was a scary experience and he was not incredibly compassionate the day that I saw him.  	2	1	1	5 	Insurance:Aetna
44	1	I went to Dr. Harman after surgery from someone else, he took over my care and did post-op.  That was 4 years ago, I still see him once a year.  BEST Dr. in Morgantown.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	Excellent MD, did not feel uncomfortable, very helpful.  Made me feel at ease and finally got my questions answered 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	I loved Dr. Huffman! She helped bring my little miracle into the world. I drove a hour to see her when I had doctors as close as 5 min to me. I will return to doctor Huffman in the future for gyn visits and hopefully in the future for ob visits. She made all the right decisions concerning me and my baby. And for that I will be forever grateful to her and her staff. And the waiting room, bathroom, and entire office is very neat, and clean. Wait time isn't that bad. I only had one appointment that was a little long wait but other than that everything was great. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	very caring and down to earth- very easy to talk to! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Great Doctor, friendly staff, I enjoyed my visits in her office.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
45	-1	She was not very helpful with my problems i wouldnt recommend her to anyone 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Dr. Humphreys has been my doctor for years and he is almost always see me at the time of my appointment. He is caring and very personal and is always on top of my medical problems.    Ellen Kinsey 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
46	-1	Dr. Humphries is never on time, and always has a student with him.  He has airy demeanor that makes him  uncomfortable to be around. I was billed 2 years late for a counselor visit for $100, which I had to pay out of pocket because Dr.'s office didn't file with my insurance company on time.  	2	1	1	3 	Insurance:Humana
46	-1	I went to this doctor after a stay in River Park.  My first visit in his office after being hospitalized, (3 days after being released) he told me I looked familiar.  He had no clue that he had just seen me every day for an entire week, he had to sit there and read my file during my appointment to even know what I was seeing him for.  	5	5	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	I really like this doctor however his bedside manner could be improved. He could also be a little bit more helpful, although he does genuinly care about his patients and is showing a great deal of compassion toward me after loosing my father.  		3	3	5 	Insurance:Medicare
46	1	Good personality, knowledgeable, and would trust him the most, as far as psychiatrists go (especially in Huntington, WV. At least he is a Christian.  		5	4	4 	Insurance:Medicare
47	-1	I saw Dr. Hornsby year ago about painful joints that would visibly swell.  Dr. Hornsby assured me that all I was describing was simply my imagination. I was 45 years old. This woman was so condescending and rude; she dismissed my complaints with questions about why I might be seeking &quot;attention.&quot; For extra insult, she sent her nurse with a Vioxx paperclip in a bag she referred to as a &quot;little purse,&quot; extended as a &quot;gift&quot; to help &quot;cheer me up.&quot; The nurse said her last instructions was, &quot;See how she likes THAT.&quot;  I was flat in tears; belittled and humiliated. I would not go back to this office unless it would be to press charges.  The rest of the staff and facility are top-notch, but as long as Joann Hornsby is at WVU rhuematology clinic, I will not be participating.  I am being treated in Charleston for Psoriatic Arthritis, Ehlers Danlos Syndrome and DISH. I am treated with respect in a team approach with my doctor and staff, in which I am part of the team.  My doc rocks! 	5	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	1	its been along time that i have been to a dr who will actually listen to me and answer all my questions. hands down the best ive seen for my RA.i drive for 3hours one way to see her and i would recommend her to anyone suffering from RA. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	I was very impressed by Dr. Hornsby. She is warm and easy to talk to. She is the best I have ever seen for my arthritis. I recommend her to anyone who is suffering.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	Professional and caring. Very impressed. Best doctor I've ever been too.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
49	1	Very long wait time. An appointment only gets you in on the day. You need to be ready to hurry up and wait. He does not accept insurance so you pay cash at time of service.  He is also very expensive $$$. 	3	1	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	You may have to wait to see him but its worth the wait. He is very experienced and confident but will send you to a specialist or for further testing if he feels its needed. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	The most amazing doctor one could ask for.  He has truly saved my life several times.  I wouldn't see anyone else but him. Very dedicated. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	-1	My grandmother went to William Harris for years he had her on high blood pressure meds for years one day he takes her off everything,some time later she started having mini strokes this was not known for some time later.the last time she seen him she was having a mini stroke in his office he said everything was fine my grandmother called my mother when she got home and said she almost couldn't drive home my mom went and took her to the ER and my grandmother was never the same didn't know any of us. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	Very thorough, but a physical exam takes a large part of your day. Seems to be very caring.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
50	1	Great dr. I have been going to him since I was 16. He makes you comfortable and he is very knowledgable.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	Dr. P. Hunter is very professional and listens to any concerns you have about your body. He explains things to you so you actually understand what is wrong and his examinations are thorough yet quick. The only problems I have had would be the lack of room within the waiting area. It is usually crammed full and I have had to stand once or twice on a busy day. This is to be expected when there is more than one doctor located in the office. Depending on the amount of patients he can keep you waiting for a few minutes in the room but he makes up for it by paying full attention to you and your needs the moment he walks through the door. Overall, I feel that Dr. Hunter is very respectful, caring, and completely knowledgeable as well as pleasant to speak with.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	-1	Not at all happy with this place, would not ever go there again for any reason.  Horrible, horrible experience. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
52	0	The doctor is personable, and like most he's busy.   His staff on the other hand is another story; they are rude and not helpful.   I can’t decide if they have been told to run interference for him or he has that many negative, rude people in his office. 	1	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	I had a very high risk pregnancy due to diabetes, high BP, and incompetent cervix and had to have a cerclage put in at 12 weeks.  I could not have ask for a better dr.  He is polite, listens, and very good manners.  He does not send you for unneccessary testing that worries the life out of you, but if needed will do so.  I have already recommended him to 2 women and they love him also.  He goes out of his way to see HIS patients if you are in the hospital or are delivering.  He delivered my son in 98 by chance.  And in 2011 he delivered my daughter by choice. I was affraid of my first ultrasound due to 3 miscarriages (which he wasn't my dr at the time of miscarriages).  So at my first ultrasound to determine viability he came into the ultrasound with me.  I think this shows great character and empathy on his part.  Thanks Dr. Heywood!  you make Charleston WV a better place.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
53	-1	He is not very bright to be so blunt,he doesn't listen its always wait and see, I've found another OB/GYN and right from the first visit she ran tests and I am now on meds I needed. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	Best Dr. that I have ever seen. The staff are very sweet and don't waste time talking or doing things not related to work. He is sweet and very professional but still caring.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
53	1	Dr. Heywood is the best Gyn doctor in the world!! I have seen him for several years and he always takes the time to answer any questions that i have in great detail. I have occasionally seen him NP and she also is very helpful and knowledgeable. Me and my husband are thinking about children in the near future and i would trust Dr.  Heywood and his NP with my care! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
53	1	In 2002, I moved to the Charleston area during the first trimester of my first pregnancy.  Dr. Heywood was recommended to me by a local doctor.  Two babies later and I continue to be 100% satisfied with the care I've received from him over the past nine years.  I've recommended him, without hesitation, to several friends.  He's a keeper.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	I have been with Dr Heywood since about 05. I had a hysterectomy had a little complication but not to his fault, He was very caring / listened to my concernes.And to this date is still helping me with a complicated operation comming up. I feel safe with him just being in the OR.  	3	4	5	4 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
53	1	I love doctor Heywood, but his staff makes me want to get a new doctor. Their answering message says they are open from Monday-Thursday 8-4. So why is it that, right now on a Monday at 9 a.m., I'm getting that message rather than someone answering my call&#63; This happens all the time in the morning and after lunch. They &quot;forget&quot; to turn the phone back on.  I need to speak to my Dr or his nurse, and this is unacceptable! 	1	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
53	-1	Please take extreme caution if you choose this very incompetent physician.  As someone with medical knowledge and a copy of her medical reord, I feel that he allowed my grandmother to bleed to death after a simple hysterectomy procedure and acted like nothing happened.  My grandmother was in great health preoperatively as evidenced by testing procedures.  Secondly, I think that Dr. Heywood and CAMC went to great lengths to cover their mistakes. Repeated attempts, by an RN in the family who knew our grandmother was not doing well, failed to bring attention to her declining status.  She started having problems at 8 am in the morning and had passed away by 6 pm in the evening after being told she was going to be discharged at 4 pm.  When they told her she could leave, her fingertips were blue.  She is &quot;doing great&quot; we were told.  Please consider this physician very carefully or find someone who will at least listen to patient and family concerns.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
53	1	Dr. Heywood is wonderful. He's very calm, reassuring, and realistic. I have felt very comfortable with him throughout my pregnancy and have recommended him to many of my friends. He can seem quiet, but he is really very personable and funny.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	-1	He is not helpful what so ever. I'm pretty sure the only reason he is an OB/GYN is because of his daddy. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	I love Dr.Heywood. He got me through a difficult pregnancy, to 26 weeks despite my PIH. He was very reassuring and careful. I recommend him to anyone! I hope to have another baby and trust Dr. Heywood 100%. I DID have some issues with his staff, but I don't blame him for that.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	I was a patient of Dr. Heywood 1999-2004.  I was having problems with multiple miscarriages and he went above and beyond to help me.  I would recommend him to anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	He never thinks anything is wrong all based on not running any test what so ever.Don't go to him if you want to find out what's wrong with you. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	He will not run test and doesn't think anything is every wrong with me. 	2	1	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	Dr. Heywood is the nicest Doctor I've ever been to...and is just such a nice person. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	. Simply the BEST! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	Wonderful caring doctor who loves all of her patients. Listens to all problems and is very knowledgeable 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Dr. Hanson is very intelligent and helpful. You need to call him for results on tests though. He cares about his patients but has a funny sense of humor that makes you reflect and could be misconstrued..  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
55	1	 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
56	-1	.  	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	0	Not a very good doctor and hard to understand. Only intersted in doing procedure on you. 	2	2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	Very good doctor with a very good stff!  He found my colon cancer and probably helped to save my life.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
57	1	Love, love, love Dr. Haffar.  I have been to several GI doctors and he is the best by far.  Very compansionate and a very good listener for starters.  Then he is knowledgable on top of that.  He was able to get my UC in remission after being flared up almost constantly for ten years.   His staff haven't been exactly rude with me, but they have a brisk manner sometimes.  The worst complaint I have about visiting him is that his waiting room is uncomfortable, especially if you have to wait very long. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	I was talked to in a rude manner on the phone--I was actually &quot;hung up on&quot; and was told I would be on hold for a moment--trying to schedule a colonoscopy. I have known Dr.Haffar fr.the  beginning when he came to WV--I think highly of him,but have a problem with the staff--they wouldn't even allow me to get a word in edgewise on the phone. I will now have to schedule the test in Logan Co.,where everyone is so much nicer--Dr. Haffar goes to Logan once a mo. for scopes,thank goodness. even though I live in Charleston area,I now realize this is what I should have done to begin with--this way,I don't have to deal with the office staff in S. Charleston--they are totally rude and unhelpful.I am a nurse,and try to speak in a friendly manner and be helpful as possible.--treat others as you would like to be treated. 	1	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	. excellent physcian listens to your complaint recommend to every one 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
57	1	Dr. B. Haffar has taken care of me in the hospital and as an out-patient surgery.  He listens to his patients and evaluates each individually.  He and his office staff are very friendly and speak excellent English.  Thanks, Dr.  Haffar 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
58	1	. Very good doctor, have been a patient of his for 3 years 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	takes his time to answer your questions 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	very personable and knowledgable... fantastic! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
59	1	The Best. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	Pleasant and helpful.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
61	1	I have had 6 Charleston area physicians since I returned to WV in 2000 and she is By Far the best I have encountered. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	-1	She was horrible! Dr.  Hurst had no idea what she was talking anoit- o went to another specialist and they told me she not only misdiagnosed me bit what she have me could have made my condition worse- or even kill me! I WILL never go back to her and I do NOT recommend dr melissa hurst-Cortellesi to ANYONE!!! 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
63	1	Dr. Hershfield is a cruise ship doctor for Norwegian Cruise Lines Pride of America.  He is professional, compassionate and an expert in his field. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	Dr. Hamirani is a very caring and knowledgable doctor.  He is highly respected by his peers and his patients love him.  I would highly recommend him to anyone needing a nephrologist.  He listens to you and gives you plenty of opportunity to ask questions.  He explains things in a way that a layman can understand.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
65	1	I cannot praise Dr.Huls enough!! Very knowledgeable, shows genuine care for the patient and will go to all lengths to help with whatever the aliment may be.  The staff also are truly the best!!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
65	1	Can't say enough about Dr. Huls. She's very good at what she does, and you can tell she truly cares about making you feel better. I recommend her highly, and am very glad I was referred to her.  Great staff, too! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	Dr. David Hess has been my family doctor for four years. What a wonderful doctor--he's smart, caring, and devotes attention to detail. He listens to his patients, and his genuine commitment to their well-being is obvious. His staff is fabulous--the nurse, the PA, and the office staff are a great group. Five stars simply doesn't do justice to Dr. David Hess and his team in Glendale, they're the best.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
66	1	The very Best Doctor and his Staff is also the best.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
66	1	Dr. Hess is an exceptional doctor, very caring and concerned for his patients welfare.  Spends time and doesn't downplay their problems. Specializes in family, internal and pediatrics. His wife is a pediatrician and they share an office.  You could not ask for a better, more knowledgeable physician to care for you.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
67	1	Medical schools don't make doctors as good as this one. They have to be born with the instinct and compassion that comes with this doctor's understanding and consideration of people. I've been in the field as a therapist and I know what a &quot;real&quot; doctor is-- and Dr. John Hutton is a real-- doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
68	1	. did every thing they needed to do very quick and hel[pfull 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
68	1	She has a wonderful staff, she is always smiling and does whatever she can iin her power to help..  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
68	1	I had been to several doctors with complaints and was dismissed.  A friend recommended Dr. Hembree.  I told her my symptoms, and she knew exactly what was wrong with me!  Upon examination, her guess was confirmed.  Finally, someone listened to me.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	I went to see Dr. Howard back in March of 2009 because of severe TMJ pain. I'd been to a TMJ specialist and my family doctor. Neither could help me. Finally, to my husband's advice I went to see a chiropractor. He literally changed my life. I hadn't been able to eat solid foods for 3 months before seeing him, and I've had less overall pain ever since. I've been in a few car accidents, and I have a lot of anxiety which causes chronic widespread pain. Dr. Howard is gentle, maticulous and very caring. His staff is always friendly, and the massage therapists are also the best around.  I highly recommend him for chiropractic care! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
70	1	I highly recommend Dr. Hassani. She listens and responds to patient needs like no other doctor I visited. I never feel rushed with her. Also, her office staff are responsive as well. They actually call the next day to check on their patients if necessary.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
70	1	I'm glad I found her.  I have been looking for help for a illness I have and noone would listen.  She listens very well and she will be the only doctor I will see now.  Excellent Doctor and very personable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	1	Dr. Hassani is the most compassionate Dr. I have ever had. She is very knowledgeable and takes the time to really listen. I highly recommend her. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	incredible experience with this doctor. not only is she super friendly and knowledgable, but she takes her time to listen to patients and makes sure they leave her office reasured and comfortable with the visit...I would deffinetly recomend her to anyone! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	This doctor is warm and compassionate, and takes time to listen to me. I feel she is very respectful and am very grateful to have her as my physician. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Ohio Univ is excellent and Dr Homburg was very nice.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Henry Ford / HAP
72	-1	awful. the only good quality about the office was his staff. everything else about him was just awful. 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
72	-1	Stated he could treat Fibromyalgia but was unable.  Only provided body alignment and oxygen therapy. 	5	5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Dr. Herring is a very nice polite doctor and he really makes you feel comfortable.  I would recommend him to anyone.  I have already recommended him to several people.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
74	-1	No bedside manner. Not impressed with his skills either.  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	-1	I would not ever recommend this doctor, not even to treat one of my dogs. He left my husband with severe brain damage after a failed attempt to put a pacemaker in. His judgement to proceed with the surgery after a technical failure in the operating room was a bad judgement. One that left my husband incapacitated and my family heartbroken. My husband died 10 months later from  respiratory failure after becoming septic from a urinary track infection that was caused from the catheter that my husband had to have because of the brain damage caused by this doctor. My only warning is BEWARE!!! 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	The doc is great but his nurses are rude and not very knowledgeable.  They actually interfere with your care.  He needs to clean house.  	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
75	-1	This doctor would not even come in my fathers room when repeadtly asked to from us and other personnel who would come in and tell us he was coming. My father is now having a surgery do to the pacemaker not working right He has one of the leads turned off and has to have it put directly into the heart. By a different physican. My dad has had trouble ever since the surgery and had to have the Medtronic people come in three times because of repeadtly being shocked by the pacemaker. Even Medtronic wasn't for sure how to turn one of it's own leads off by the person who came in my fathers room He had to call his company.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
75	-1	This doctor should be avoided in my opinion.  He caused my husband to sustain a global brain injury during a routine surgery for a pacemaker.  Beware!!!! 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	. very profesional and recovered well after my surgery 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	. excellent doctor---recovered well 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	1	When I went to Dr. Hargraves I was in very bad shape.  He took excellent care of me and I have never looked back.  This guy is truly one in a million.  Service and care is truly outstanding.  A true dedicated professional.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
77	1	He is VERY good at his job. When he makes rounds at the hospital, he brings his office nurse with him, gives her the orders to give to staff nurses so there is question of something being missed. Very professional yet excellent bedside manner and making the patient feel like they are the only one he is caring for. When you are in his office, he listens to everything you need to discuss and explains everything in great detail.  The Best 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	Myself, my husband, and a close friend have all been patients. Dr. Herman diagnosed my foot condition within 3 minutes of being in his office, while another podiatrist in the area wanted to do a complicated surgery on my arch. Sure enough, the MRI showed that Dr. Herman was right. If I hadn't gotten a second opinion, I'd likely have had surgery for &quot;fallen arches&quot; instead of being treated for a bone fusion. Bad enough my previous doctor ordered 900$ orthotics that DON'T WORK! Dr. Herman's staff are very friendly and courteous. Don't let one person's bad experience fool you.  The three of us who wouldn't go anywhere else! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	-1	I went to this (Dr) for a heal spir, he gave me plastic inserts for my shoes I could not wear. I had to come back the next week because he had no X-Ray film! I came back! AND, HE TELLS ME ALL ABOUT THE PROBLEMS I'M GOING TO HAVE WITH MY BIG TOE!AND WANTS TO SCHEDULE SURGERY!!!!!!AND!!!!SHOWS ME PHOTOS OF WHAT HE IS GOING TO DO!!! That was in 09. Folks, my toe, still fine, new pair of shoes and a 1 visit to another Dr. fixed. Watch this guy, I know two other people who had issues! 	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	I have been seeing Dr. Hashmi for 15 years and she is the most caring doctor I have ever met. She has performed a hysterectomy on me 7 years ago and I left the hospital the next day.   She always makes me feel that I am her only patient she has that day. I love her and would never see anyone else.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Assurant
79	1	Great doctor.  Anyone who knows her loves her as a doctor and person. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	-1	I waited for months to get in to see Dr. Hashmi and had heard great things about her. I have never been so disappointed by a doctor in my life. If you are going to her for a normal yearly exam, you may be fine, but if you need anything more, be forewarned. She is a very &quot;paint by number&quot; doctor, who thinks there is one way to treat certain conditions and you better not disagree! She refuses to be asked questions and her staff says that you need to &quot;just trust her&quot; since she is the &quot;best&quot;. Give me a break! She was more concerned with &quot;looking the part&quot; of a doctor than treating her patient. She lied to me and also did not understand a simple medical procedure, which I had to explain to her! She was rude, condescending, accusatory, and has the worst bed side manner I've ever seen. I went to her once and refused to ever go back. It's been a year and I have a wonderful new doctor who listens to me and was open to discuss different options, something that Dr. Hashmi was &quot;too proud&quot; to do. 	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
80	0	I saw Dr Hill for irregualr periods.  I had been on Yaz for a year and a half to treat the symptoms.  For a period of 3 nonths my periods became irregular.  I called for an appointment which took me a month to get in.  When I went to the appointment I had just finished my cycle and did not resume the Yaz. At the appt. he advised me to have a hysterectomy.  It took 6 weeks to get the appt. for that.  In the mean time being off the Yaz my period became regular.  I wanted to assess my symptoms a little longer.  My surgery was cancelled and I was charged $250.  His office is busy, over booked and the time that you are there is rushed and often there is no where to set because the office is so crowded.  I will not go back and would not recomend anyone to him.  I think he is knowledgeable but I myself am not comofrtable with a Dr who is motivated with profits and greed rather than a patients peace of mind and health.  Very disapointed. 	2	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	Dr Hill is wonderful!!! So is Peggy,great bedside manners, he came to see me on the labor and delivery floor on his day off when I was sent from his office, his own son was in surgery, his father had a heart attack and was flying out later that evening in the middle his sons surgery he came to check on me, now how's that for great bedside manners, thank you so much Dr Hill.  Lois &amp; Gigi 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
80	1	Very caring Doc!  We never felt rushed when we came in with a list of questions and never felt placated.  After a tragic pregnancy loss (with a different dr.), Dr. Hill was excellent at calming my fears and anxiety.  We have a beautiful baby girl!  Many thanks for Dr.  Hill! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
80	1	The best Dr ever. he is very concerned about his patients. made me feel very comfortable and performed a very fast c section.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
80	1	I found Dr. Hill in the phone book when I found out I was pregnant. I am now 27 weeks and have had a great experience. Great office staff and very helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
80	-1	He returned the on call/page quickly in the middle of the night but he never asked if I had Placenta Previa on the call.  I saw him in the ER when I started bleading at 34 wks.  All he said is &quot;don't get up you're going to bleed out and die.&quot;  Then he got my blood type wrong in the assessment, which the next doctor on shift caught.  	3	2	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
80	-1	he repeatedly treated me for an infection that never existed, then performed a laparoscopy because (to my horror) he suspected that I had an STD.  all the while, my chief compliant was vulvar pain.  he never diagnosed the condition, which turned out to be vulvar vestibulitis (diagnosed by another doc)- not an infection - not an STD. &#63;&#63;&#63; 	3	4	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	Dr. Hill is very caring and helpful in understanding what is really going on. This was our first child so there was a great deal of a learning experience we encountered. He always took an extra minute if we needed it to explain.  If we ever have another baby we will go to him without a doubt! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
80	0	I used to be a patient of Dr. Hill (the 90's).  I had a specific problem, that unfortunately was never truly addressed.  He is very personable and has a great sense of humor, but neither of those helped my situation. If he had referred me to another doctor, or tried to research my condition, I may have walked away with a better experience. He did perform a surgery and incidentally found another condition, but still he never tried to help the other problem. 	4	4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	Excellent MD. Intelligent, accurate and wonderful bedside manner. Office is new, clean. Pleasant staff. Exceptionally well tuned to putting expectant mothers at ease and properly monitoring and delivering children.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	 	3	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	He is a Great doctor, very smart and down too earth hope everyone goes to him 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	He is very knowledgeable and a great diagnostician. He also has a sense of humor, which alleves the natural stress of a doctor's visit.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	HE IS WONDERFUL I WILL ONLY TAKE MY SON THERE HE HAS DONE SO MUCH FOR MY SON. HE HAS FIXED ANOTHER DOCTORS MISTAKE AND IT TURNED OUT WONDERFUL. WONDERFUL STAFF COULDNT SAY ENOUGH ABOUT HIM AND THEM BESIDES THEY WHERE SENT FROM THE HEAVENS ABOVE. CLEAN NEAT NICE WONDERFUL. JUST A GREAT KNOWLEDGEABLE TEAM CLINICALS R GREAT. WORKS WELL WITH THE OTHER TEAM MEMEBERS AND ASLO HE HAS A GREAT BEDSIDE MANNER AND THT MEANS ALOT WITH KIDS. IF U HAVE QUESTIONS THEY HAVE ANSWERS AND ON CALL SERVICE IS GREAT. HE AND THE TEAM IS THERE FOR THE CHILDREN NOT FOR THE MONEY AS MOST DOCTORS ARE. I CAN WRITE SO MUCH ON HIM HE IS JUST WONDERFUL AND SO IS THE MEMEBERS IN THE OFFICE AND THE HOSPITAL. PROMPT WHEN ITS TIME TO GET OUT OF THE HOSPITAL IF YOU GO IN THE HOSPITAL AFTER PROCEDURE. WONERFUL WONDERFUL WONDERFUL. VERY HELPFULL AND VERY EASY TO GET ALONG WITH. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	0	I took my 7 yo to their office and I was not allowed to go in with her. I was told they would call me later, well that never happenened. They just sent her on her way, I had questions. They might be fine for an adult but definetely not for a child. Specially if you are the kind of parent that wants to know what's going on with your child. 	3	5	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	The worst experiense ever!! Stay away!! I had to wait an hour to see a doctor who instead of being honest tried to make me see him instead of the Dr. Roshan. They managed to make me so upset (and I'm pregnant) that I had to see a doctor after this experience 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	This doctor is great!, very patient-oriented, patients are NOT just a 15-minute space on his computer. Staff are great, phone calls are answered immediately. This doctor will see you one day, if your condition was fairly serious he will call the next day to see how you are doing...how many doctors do this&#63; He follows up with you until your condition is resolved and the correct treatment is obtained. He is good at explaining your questions, discussing the pros and cons, giving reassurance if you are in question regarding your treatment, and will work with you until the problem is resolved.This doctor is one in a million and being a medical transcriptionist I believe I would know the difference.  This doctor will stick by you regardless of your circumstances, is concerned regarding your problems, will help you in any way he possibly can because he is interested in his patients. I have only known one other doctor in this category and he did not even come up to comparison with Dr. Hussain.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
86	1	What a great doctor, physician, person... He's the GREATEST DOCTOR EVER!!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	I feel very taken care of by Dr. Harvey.  I an very happy I becane her patient!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	GREAT DR.  AND GREAT STAFF  IF I HAVE TO CALL ABOUT A PROBLEM THEY ALWAYS GET BACK TO ME THAT DAY 	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	Dr. Harvey is an amazing doctor. Herself along with her staff's friendly service..........well, I've recommended her to many.  Very knowledgeable and caring doctor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
