dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
5	-1	comments Paid/Co-pay:$10	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	commentsFriendly, knowledgeable, great staff. Dr. Erwin is excellent in his work and has an A+ , approachable, down to earth personality. On time, affordable, sympathetic, energetic. Highly recommend 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	 Dr Eliers is one of the best doctors in my experience.  He takes the time to listen, is friendly and has knowledge of specialists in area should you need one.  He is my GP, I hope he doesn't retire soon.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
29	-1	commentsThis man is the worst so called Doctor I have ever went to. He is a DO., I would add NT to that. I can not say anything else because of the disclaimer on here. I would go anywhere else. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	commentsDr. Ellis has been my doctor for 16 years. He has become a member of my family. He saved my vision and possibly more since he had recognized complaints i was having as a possibly more complicated problem. I found out i had a chiari malformation after something he heard just wasnt right. He is the best doctor i have EVER had and recommend him to everyone! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	 Dr. Edwards is a God send. For the longest time, I kept having really bad abdominal pain that kept flaring up. Everytime that I went to the emergency room they told me it was just rupturing cyst on my ovaries. Dr. Edwards took the time to explain everything, listen to every concern I had, and check up on my. My finacee was very happy too because for the first time in over 3 years I was able to live my life pain free. The staff is absolutely wondeful too, always trying to help whenever needed and will squeeze you in for any emergency.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	 I love dr. Edwards, he is a great doctor. I lost my baby at 21 weeks pregnant and he was so good to me. If you need a baby doctor go to him. You will not regret it.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	 Dr. Edwards is the best! He delivered our baby girl. His staff is always positive and will answer any questions without making you feel embarressed or askward.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	 Dr. Edwards has a good reputation in the area.  He went the extra mile for me this week.  I have had concerns for a while over pain issues. He ran test on me to find out what was going on. I appreciated that he listened to my concerns and took action. I will also say he is the most excited Dr.over your pregnancy I have ever known. He shares intimate joys that you never forget with him.  The first time I saw my sons heartbeat he seemed as excited as I was. There is a magic to Dr.Edwards. I think it is because he has a heart for women.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	commentsDr. Edwards and his staff are wonderful and caring my I can't say enough about him and his staff when he del. my child I could not have ask for better care.Love them all. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	commentsabsolutely wonderful!! my husband and i couldn't ask for a more caring doctor to bring our baby into this world. if iever move away i will still come back to him!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	commentswonderful man! made my husband and i feel extremely comfortable. i will always go back to him!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	commentsShe and her nurse were both very arrogant and condescending.  The interminable wait on several visits were inexcusable, and when challenged I was made to feel like I was unappreciative.  I usually respect those in the medical profession very much, but Dr. Epstein and her nurse were ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE...isn't there a rating less than 1.0&#63; 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	 This doctor that my husband went to for severe back pain looked at his eyes and noticed that they were bloodshot seeing as how he doesn't sleep because pain. She proceeded to accuse him of being on drugs in so many words. She directly said to him &quot;what kind of drugs are you on&quot;.  Never did she ask him if he had any problems with his eyes or act concerned 	4	3	1	1	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$15
41	-1	comments 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	 Not only are the Dr. s great, also a very friendly beautiful staff! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
41	1	 Very friendly and professional. Have had great service as long as he has been in business from both him and his staff.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	-1	commentsI had confided my fears to him and he seemed compassionate, I began to cry his assistant inguired and thru tears I explained at 17 i was tied down beatin and stabbed with needleswith cocaine in it. she told the doctor who then called me a drug addict, i protested to his accusation i am 47 years old and was FORCED, he said I was acting like a drug addict and he wouldn;t give a acoholic a drink&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63; I had 4 teeth pulled and 3 filled down pain yes but&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63; My abuser went unpunished and at 47 still affects my life and it hurt ALOT for him to say that to me. My mouth is swollan blisters and pain would you call him&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63; 	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	commentsDr Ellington, is a excellent DR.He has recently preformed a full hysterectomy on me during the storm sandy.He was very gentle and caring and explained everything to my family he is the best Dr i have ever went to I highly recommend him, to any woman who wants a good caring Dr who is all about his patients and the all mighty dollar. Thank you Dr. Ellington 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	 He does not tell the truth.  He performs surgeries that he is not competent in doingl.  	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	 Dr. Ellington is the greatest.  He delivered my twins and took wonderful care of me the entire time.  I could not recommend a better doctor.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
45	1	 I have been with Dr. Ellington for about 4 years now. I am pregnant with my second child and drive an hour to still see him because I trust him so much. I have recommended him to many friends and family and everyone has always been happy with his services.  	4	2	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	 he is a great doctor and a great person. He was the best doctor i've had his staff was great too. he should get the best of things. if it was my choice i would have him again he helped with alot of things. he made me feel like i had support thank you ellington your great and i wish you luck with things you have a won a gold medal in my eyes. again thanks 4 everything i hope to see you again.  Savannah Lilly 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unicare
45	1	 He was a great doctor when i had him. he is a right down heavenly sweet person. his staff where nice too thanks for the support guys.  You respected me i felt like i could talk to you and it helped alot 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unicare
45	1	commentsDr. Ellington is the best doctor that I have ever had. He was my doctor for my last two pregnancies and I could not be happier with him. He is always willing to sit down and talk with you about any problems or concerns that you have. I highly recommend him. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	 Dr. Ellington is a great doctor. He seems to really care about his patients and is very available to them. I would highly recommend him to anyone.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	commentsDr Ellington had been my obgyn in a former pregnancy, as he is in this pregnancy.He has been the upmost best doctor I have ever saw. He is down to earth. He truly cares about his patients. He will sit and talk to you. He realy is the best i would recommend him to anyone. He realy is the best. I thank God that he is my doctor. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	 THE BEST, SEEN MANY SURGONS BEFRE MAKING A DICISION, BACKS SHOULD NOT BE TAKEN LIGHTLY,HE IS MOST KNOWLEGABLE AND TAKES TIME TO EXPLAIN YOUR CONDIDITION, SHOWS YOU ALL YOUR FILMS, TALKS TO YOU IN A WAY YOU TOTALLY UNDERSTAND.I DRIVE 4 HOURS TO SEE HIM. WELL WORTH IT.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
51	1	 I like that he tells you like it is. His office staff generally are not nice, nor are they very helpful and he is rarely on time. However, he has done 2 surgeries on my husband and is getting ready to do a 3rd. Of all of the doctors we have seen over the past 12 years (too many to count), Dr. Emery is by far my favorite. He listens to what you have to say and responds in a way that you can understand. Does not only explain, but shows you on your films and with models what he is talking about. I would recommend anyone with spinal problems to him.  	2	2	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
54	1	commentsMost caring and knowledgable ER doctor I have ever met!!  Trauma skill is outstanding!  Saved my family members life!!! 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	 While pregnant he has been the friendliest doctor. He its wonderful! His office is nice, clean, and well maintained. They office staff are all friendly very knowledge and all around the best experience ever.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
54	1	comments 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	commentsThe treatment use only made my condition worst and they attempted to giving me 15 more treatments, which I refused. 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	commentsToday was my first experience with Dr. Brett Eckley and I am very pleased. He was friendly and explained everything perfectly. He was able to answer my questions. I am looking so forward to my experience there. The staff was friendly and inviting. They really make you feel right at home in their office. I will recommend him to anyone I know needing orthodontic work, and I will take my three children there. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	commentsDr. Eckley had trouble explaining how he would fix my son's teeth.  He had to ask his dad, which also had trouble. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	commentsThis office is so friendly. They treat you like a member of the family. I am putting all three of my children through braces with the Eckleys and their great staff! Paid/Co-pay:$4500	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	commentsHe is VERY kind &amp; knows exactly what he's doing. He's just wonderful! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	 very professional and courteous. Both my wife and I went to see him on the saME DAY AS NEW PATIENTS AND WE WERE BOTH IMPRESSED. wE ATRE IN OUr 60's. we know good doctors when we see one.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$15
76	-1	 Very rude, not intuitive. Office smelled of urine. Had to wait over an hour.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$25
86	-1	 I had my third child by csection, I would NEVER refer him to anyone.. My child had a spontaneous Phenothorax before birth, hyponosis lack of o2 all kinds of problems he was diagnosed with Partial Complex seizure Disorder 2 years ago..  I am now filing a Malpractice lawsuit against him.. My son was delivered in 2008 the first baby since he left an went to Flordia in early 2000 stimming from a lawsuit for delivering a baby by csection which he took fingers off.    He is always in a panic, a rush, I had Dr Brodnik for my previous two an should of returned!! 	2	1	2	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	-1	commentsDr Eshel let my 2nd child die and  did so much damage delivering my third child that I had a lot of surgeries afterward. I had a bad time. He did not repair me after I gave birth and it messed up my bowels and all. I lost all control of body functions. You want to talk about a bad life. And if he would have listened my second child might not have died. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
86	-1	commentsHe is a total jerk and enjoys making rude and crude remarks to patients and his own staff 	4	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
86	-1	 Dr. Eshel, was my doctor for the first 7 months of my pregnancy. I changed the last two months because I could no longer take his rude remarks. I left his office crying each visit. He would not tell us the sex of our baby only remark &quot;it's a baby&quot; and he was just extremely arrogant and rude. I found a much better Dr. and am extremely happy that I switched. I have learned from him, that you never let someone treat you like this professional or not. I was a young first time mother and once told him that I had a tooth bothering me and if it would be alright if I go to the dentist and he said &quot;why haven't you already been!!&quot; Also I was about 40lbs over weight half way through and he kept telling me that I needed to lose weight before I had the baby. Not the kind of experience I ever want to relive.  	5	4	1	1	Insurance:Aetna
86	1	 Dr.  Eshel is a wonderful doctor, he just doesn't take out enough time to deal with his patients, He sometimes will do a scan for 5 seconds and your out after waiting 2 hours to get in! I think service should be better and he should take out more time for his patients! 		3	2	5	Insurance:Medicare
86	1	commentsDr.Eshel is a super Ob/Gyn. I cannot ever say enough good things about him or his office staff. He birthed all 3 of my children. He is one of those great doctors that actually take the time to explain things out for you. Never did I feel as though I was just another patient coming through the doors. I now live in Colorado, and have yet to find any doctor that lives up to my expectations, Dr. Eshel ruined it for all of them :) 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	commentsi really liked him and so did my husband 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
86	-1	commentsToo busy with personal things to worry about his patience. 		1	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
86	-1	comments 		1	2	1	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	commentsExtremely knowledgable and helpful who took the time with me to discuss my problems.  Not sure what the other rater was talking about.  He is trained as both an internal medicine doctor and a psychiatrist and provided excellent help in managing my pain related to my cancer. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
88	-1	 I found this Doctor not helpful and he concurred with a young Doctor on something that he had no personal knowledge about. The young Doctor lied and Dr. Elswick did nothing to help clarify the situation.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Anthem
93	-1	 Dr.Eastone treated my father and I thought he was a very nice doctor until the day came that I had a compliant about him being out of town for the weekend and having no back-up doctor to treat my father at St. Mary's Hospital He then became very rude and down right childish. The way he spoke to my father and I was a disgrace to the medical profession. I don't think it's unreasonable to ask that there be a doctor on call instead of letting a patient sit in the hospital for 3 days just waiting around for a doctor. I'm sure the insurance company would be happy to know they paid for 3 days hospital stay when he could have been released and sent home. Among the many hurtful things he said to me, when I ask if he was sure that my father only had a bleeding ulcer and nothing more serious (since no test were done) he said &quot;Well if you would like he to open him back up and take a look and put him through all that pain and misery just to prove me right, I'll do that for you&quot; Very uncalled for.  	4	1	1	2	Insurance:Anthem
93	1	commentsgreat bedside manner, very thorough, very personable and caring...highly recommended. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	 This Dr saw my husband in the hospital and he was just wonderful. He listened - really listened and explained everything.  First Dr who listened w respect to my comments and questions Appeared very knowledgable 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	1	 Dr. Eastone is wonderful. He explains all medical tests and conditions. He draws detailed diagrams and explains whats going on. He even called me at home to see how I was doing. Friendly and professional.  	3	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	 Dr Ede is very informative, spends time with his patience, cares..great surgeon, great followup care. I would recommend him to everyone in need.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	commentsDr Ede is terrific, as is the majority of the staff in the office.  However, Lydia can be very unhelpful when she puts her mind to it - and as the keepr of the gate has much power. 	2	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
94	0	commentsLydia in his office is a very nasty lady and she hangs up on his patients and treats people very bad 	3	5	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	 This guy is fantastic: great bedside manner, answers all questions from all family members.  Asks if you have any questions.  Actually cares about his patients as people, not just paychecks.  THANKS, Dr.  Ede! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
95	-1	commentsNeglected my father when in was in the hospital. Didn't provide the necessary care. Too quick to prescribe medication. 	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	 excellent very caring.  Goes above and beyond to see to it that my family is well taken care of.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	 My family is saddened that Dr. Emch can no longer retain us since we moved away from New Martinsville.  I have yet to find a replacement.  He listens to you and explores all avenues of diagnostics &amp; treatment.   I highly recommend him and staff! 	3	4	4	4	Insurance:CIGNA
95	-1	 Dr. Emch is a very poor doctor.  He made my wife go off of Beta blocker &quot;cold turkey&quot; instead of stepdown which I think caused an irregular heart beat  also he is a very rude person along with his staff.  I went to him for 6-7 years befor I decide it was time to leave after what he did concerning my wife.  	1	3	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	 Quality was excellent.  Excellent diagnostition, Very pleased with the appointment 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	0	 Dr Emch's office is very rude and unhelpful.  Dr Emch is ok if you already know what is wrong with you when you get in.  He does not take the time to listen to you.  You tell the nurse what is wrong with you and what you need and he just does it.  Even though it might not be the best for you.  He does not review records when you or you loved one is in the hospital and does not work with his fellow collegues when the family specifically askes him too.   He is too quick to just right a script to get you out of the office or order the test to get you on you way rather than listen to the patients real concerns 	1	2	2	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	 Dr. Emch has been treating me for War Injuries and additional Health complications that arose afterwards.  I found Dr. Emch to be a very understanding individual who listen to my concerns and desire's.  Whereas all of my prior government as well as civilian doctors just wanted to put me into a wheel chair for life.  Dr. Emch listened to me, reviewed additional data and came up with a medical treatment plan that has me now Walking on my own!  I am able to see Dr Emch in a very quick manner, depending on my health condition - i.e. basic check-ups to very severe medical issues flair up - depends on the condition.  The longest wait I ever had for a basic routine check-up was 5 days! For severe medical condition flair up, IMMEDIATELY - same day!  I would recommend Dr. Emch to anyone.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
95	-1	 DR. EMCH DOES NOT PAY GOOD ATTENTION TO PAST RECORDS WHEN MAKING TREATMENT DECISIONS. DOES NOT LISTEN TO PATIENTS CONCERNS.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
