dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Dr Vijay went above and beyond in caring for my aged Mother. Her caring and professionalism were unmatched. Her knowledge of Alzheimer's Disease made my Mother and I very secure in having her care for Mom. She was available and forthright. Her reatment was excellent and her bedside manner superb. Would recommend Dr Vijay to anyone for themselves, or anyone who loves and cares about an elderly parent, spouse, relative or friend and desires an excellent physician. 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	Dr. Verbsky's &quot;rules&quot; on who he deigns to treat are wrong and uncaring. I had to go elsewhere to get the help I so desperately needed, but by then my health had taken a serious and possibly irreversible downturn. He needs to seriously think about why he became a doctor.  I so regret I ever heard of him.  	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Dr. Verbsky is a smart, caring, and resourceful doctor. He will do anything in his power to help, and is the kind of guy that &quot;puts you at ease&quot;. Overall, a doctor that does his job above the call of duty! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Very caring and knowledgeable. She spent a lot of time with us and explained things extremely well.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
4	1	Best Doctor around!  She is so sweet and friendly! When I am being seen I feel like I am her only patient.  She gives her full attention to me and listens to any of my concerns.  I went through two pregnancy's with her  -  one full pregnancy, the second I was living in Nevada and moved back to WI and of course immediately went back to her for the second half of the pregnancy!  Having experienced another doctor in NV that I really didn't care for, made me really appreciate having Dr.  Van Fossen! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
4	1	I LOVE DR VAN FOSSEN!! She is a wonderful doctor. She has a great bedside manner and always takes the time to see how things are going with you. I never feel rushed. Its like a visit with my best friend..minus the examine :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Wonderful, knowledgeable, &amp; friendly.  She frequently runs late but it is because she is willing to really take time to see how each patient is doing. 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	There are no words to describe the care we received from Dr. Van Fossen during my recent high-risk pregnancy.  She took excellent care of me and my baby.  I would recommend Dr Van Fossen to anyone looking for a new OB/GYN doctor.  I have meant NONE comparable to her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Dr. Van Fossen is BY FAR the BEST physician around!  She is the SWEETEST most KNOWLEDGABLE person.  She takes extra time to make sure that her patients are well taken care of.  She gets my highest regards!  This is my 2nd pregnancy with her and she still is amazing... she made sure that I, being high risk, was under control and as healthy as I could be for my pregnancies.  I never thought that I would've had as healthy a pregnancies as I did with my condition, but Dr. Van Fossen changed that.  She put a smile on my whole families face including mine!!!  Thank you Dr.  Van Fossen for being there and being AWESOME! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
4	1	If you are looking for a great OBGYN...then you've found the best around!  I've recommended Dr. Van Fossen to any friends that are looking for new OB's.  She is really friendly and does go up and beyond the &quot;normal&quot; doctor.  She's delivered both of my babies and I couldn't have asked for a better or more caring doctor.  She truly is the best!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Intelligent and personable doctor.  Was sincerely interested and concerned about me and my baby.  Took extra time during appointments and even made a few phone calls to me to ensure things were going well.  I think because she gets excited for each patient and tries to take special time with each that she gets behind on appointments. She would take the time you needed, but would be ansy to get to the next patient.  Hands-down an excellent doctor and surgeon.  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
4	1	Very personal and helpful doctor.  Great bedside manner as well as competent surgeon.  Sometimes there is a little bit of a wait, but, I think that is due to her taking extra time with her patients.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
4	1	Very nice & she does not make me feel uncomfortable.  		4	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
4	0	my pre-natel visits were at least 15-30 minute wait. Once I got to see her, very very rushed, it almost feels like I'm bothering her. She deliverd me too, she ordered pitocin for me, which cause fetal distress, very hard contractions and my son had a collaped lung and in NICU for 3 days. She said it &quot;happens all the time&quot; IT DOES&#63;&#63; She is nice I can say that.  		1	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	-1	Practically yelling at you while you are in his exam room, will never go back to him again 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Always helpful and extremely knowledgeable. very thorough and interested in preventive care. Sometimes hard to get in to see. Very involved with community affairs.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
6	1	He's been my primary doc for fifteen years.  Very clear in his explanations, always complete in answering my questions.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
6	-1	This doctor mismanaged my healthcare for several years. He was not interested in what was happening to me. He stated that he did not want to &quot;hear&quot; about it. He made medication and diagnostic errors. Protect your elderly relatives and friends, do NOT utilize this person! I learned this lesson too late. 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Dr Vega did my surgery &lt;masectomy&gt; for breast cancer. He was very informative, detailed and compassionate with information. He is a really great doctor and was very kind and professional 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Very compassionate.  He diagnosed my breast cancer, and made time to see me later the same day to answer questions.  He did not seem hurried.  Good surgeon. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	I didn't feel he was real warm, however he listened very well and really explained everything. He answered questions that other caregivers never even addressed. I felt very well cared for. 		5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	I had bunion surgery on 3/15/12 by Dr VanBeek &amp; I would highly recommend him to anyone who has been putting this surgery off. He took his time with me &amp; listened to all of my concerns. It was not nearly as bad as I had anticipated.I asked alot of questions before &amp; after surgery and he answered all of them. Just ensure you follow his directions exactly.  Sherry 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
8	1	He is soo nice! I felt very comfortable talking to him and he fixed my broken toe.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
9	0	Normally waited 30 to 45 minutes in the waiting room and then 20 minutes in the exam room. Opened the folder and read the chart. Made his comments and did not want to listen to any questions or concerns. Very cold and arrogant! Happy I switched doctors.  	3	1	2	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
9	-1	I found Dr. Vravick to be lacking in knowledge of insurance practices and unwilling to discuss things. When I tried to talk to him he just picked up a couple of my phrases and threw them back at me, saying, &quot;All I'm hearing is (this phrase) and (that phrase). I would agree that he wasn't hearing. He was insistent on prescribing to me in a manner that differed from my decades-long prescription because he said he would be &quot;dishonest&quot; if he prescribed the same way (brand name rather than generic). It wasn't a &quot;medical necessity.&quot; He wouldn't listen when I tried to tell him that my insurance company would cover it, had been covering it, we just paid a higher deductible. He doesn't listen. I informed him that I would not be coming to him again, so he prescribed for just a short-term, this medication I've been taking since 1995, because I &quot;wouldn't let him examine me.&quot; A very controlling sort of person, very headstrong, not who I want for a doctor. I'm looking elsewhere. I don't need this. 	5	5	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Dr. Vravick took all the time I needed to explain my situation and all my options.  He wanted to be sure I was comfortable with the course of treatment.  The two whiners were probably drug seekers.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
9	1	Doctor Vravick has been my primary physician for 15 years and have been very satisified with his professionlaism. I have always felt at ease with him and have had all my questions answered to my satisfaction.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
9	-1	Gave false information about testing available.  Said there was none for a serious family history of annuerysms and there is.  I had to go to another doctor to learn this.  Would never recommend this guy.  Isn't knowledgable, timely, or worth your time or money. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	Dr. Vravick did not take the time to listen to me. I came to him with a serious problem and asked him to help me through it and he denied I had a problem, did not order additional tests and would not let me ask questions or make additional comments. I trusted him to help me with my condition and truly listen to me. I did not feel comfortable in his presence at all. I felt he did not take me seriously, I felt I was a waste of his time. I left his office in the middle of the conversation because he would not believe me, help me or answer any questions or address any concerns I had. I was extremely disappointed at his &quot;bedside manner&quot; and do not recommend him to anyone I care about. I have not been back to any doctor since that appointment. He has turned me off to doctors in general. I will take my search for a doctor much more seriously now and will be extra careful who I choose and how they act. Dr. Vravick is very judgemental. 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	I travel all the way from Washington state just to see this guy ;) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	He rocks my socks off :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	staff- very helpful Punctuality- is excellent  Helpfulness-dr.  very approachable,nice  knowledge- is workable 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Wellpoint
12	1	Dr Vaughn is an absolutely wonderful physician! She is gentle, kind, and very knowledgeable! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	My experience with Dr. Vukich and importantly my outcome was exceptional. I had LASIK in both eyes 12 months ago and I just completed my one year follow up. Before I decided on Dr. Vukich to do my surgery I researched every surgeon within 100 miles of my home and his name kept coming up as the best. Now I see 20/15 and am so glad that I took the time to find the right surgeon. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	Doctor approved me for the refrective surgery before analyzing my eye exam results. I took out flex benefit money for full amount but I was denied minutes before my sergery. Nobody from the doctor's office even called me to let me know that he will not perform a surgery for me because of the higher risk factors. Is he really a knowlegable doctor&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63; 	2	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	I have post-LASIK ectasia, especially in my left eye.  I did not have healthy eyes when I had the procedure, and I doubt I should have had it done (weak muscle, retinal drainage). This doctor rates himself in the top 5% in the country.  I have read that post-LASIK ectasia occurs in about 1 in 2500.  I see (with me right eye, not left), that I am not the only person suffering from a serious eye condition after being treated by this doctor who bothered to make a note about it here and it make me wonder about the quality of the service. 	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	Dr. Vukich performed Lasik on my eyes in May 1999. My eyes are now a &quot;mess.&quot; My surgery could have been a success had Dr. Vukich followed the guideline that for every decade you are in hard contacts/gas permeable, you are in glasses for 1 month.  I wore hard contacts for 17 years and was out of contacts for 3.5 weeks, so my refraction was accurate the day before surgery, and therefore I was 20/20 the day after.  However, weeks after Lasik, my eyes were still returning to their natural shape, so my vision deteriorated.  I regret daily having had Dr. Vukich work on my eyes. He didn't appear remorseful or even disappointed for me, and never offered an explanation.  I have learned this from seeking help and solutions (for which there are none) from other eye doctors. I have biannual prescription changes, dry eyes, halos, double vision and can't be fitted to 20/20 in glasses.  I don't care about the money, I just wish I'd never trusted my eyes to Dr. Vukich. 	4	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Very happy with most of our contacts with Dr. Vloka and her staff.  She knows her stuff, answers questions thoroughly and her staff helped us through the process wonderfully.  I did take a point off helpfulness because follow up to the surgery was a bit weak.  I would have no qualms recommending her to others.  	5	3	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
14	1	If you are timid and sensitive this Dr. may scare you. I love her and her staff.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	-1	Rude, brusque, demanding.  Gave us no time for questions.  Her staff told us our sick dad was &quot;not the only patient in the hospital&quot;.  We &quot;fired&quot; her and wrote a letter to chief of medicine.  Couldn't have been worse. 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	One of the most knowledgeable docs I have had 	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	Rude, incompetent staff. Dr is self important.  Received no help for symptoms which brought me to him. Couldn't get test results 	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	I have nothing but compliments for Dr. Vedder and her staff.  The office staff was very helpful and recommended bringing records to the appointment that resulted in the need for fewer tests ordered and reduced my costs.  Dr. Vedder examined me, diagnosed my problem, provided treatment, and within a short period of time my symptoms are gone.  I am confident in Dr. Vedder and plan to continue to see Dr. Vedder for myself and my family. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	Received a botched toncillectomy from her. She knicked my artey and poorly fixed it. only to realize this a week later a week later when i woke up gushing bloody from a poor fix up job. She was out of town so i went to Dr. Swerdlin. He fixed it up and i will never wish her terrible hack jobs on anyone else. Coming to within minutes of bleeding out is something that was tramatizing. I never received any letters of regret or sympathy, just a bill for a terrible surgery. She should not be able to practice medicine.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	-1	This doctor gave me an expensive hearing test for a blocked sinus and then suggested I take some over the counter sinus medication.  I didn't need the hearing test and could go get otc meds on my own without the hefty bill.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	-1	This is one of the worst experience I ever had. I hurt my shoulder and there was an internal bleeding in the shoulder ligament. I was charged for x-ray & MRI (&gt;$2000) and in the end the diagnosis he gave me is, the wound would heal over the time and I wasn't given even a single medication.I dont need a so called specialist doctor to tell me that the wound would heal over the time. And he asked me to use Tylenol Pain reliever for 1 month to get rid of the pain. 6 months after I visited this doctor I am still in pain and I cant lift weights at gym. I probably have to go to another specialist I guess. This is so frustating and I suggest everyone in Sheboygan to reconsider before taking appointment with this man.  		3	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
19	1	Outstanding surgeon, perfect bedside manner, exceptional knowledge of his profession. Extremely caring individual. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Very Friendly staff, all spent time listening and caring about my situation 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Dr. Vandehaar replaced my previous dentist, who recently retired. I had thought about switching, but was so impressed by this bright young man, that I have no intention of going elsewhere! Very nice, warm, and friendly -- unlike most of my previous dentists -- and very meticulous; his work was excellent. He took time to actually explain things to me and I no longer dread future appointments. Highly recommend this dentist.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
22	-1	Please avoid this Doctor at all costs!  Under his care I have become disabled skne March of 2001.  Please read the link I am attaching due to lack of writing space available here.  He is my original procedure.  This man ruined my life by not listening to me and my symptoms post surgery!  Please copy and paste this link in you browser bar at the top of your screenhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylc=X3oDMTV...  	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
22	-1	Dr. Vavra has the worst bedside manner of any doctor I have ever seen. I was is MAJOR PAIN two days after surgery and after complaining about it to him over the phone two times, he still didn't see me until my one-week post-op. Turned out it was INFECTED! I would NOT recommend this surgeon ever.  	2	4	1	2 	Insurance:Humana
22	1	Dr. Vavra was the most honest physician I have ever met.  He did not push surgery when other doctors said that was my only option.  He tried shockwave on my tendon and I am pain free for the past 6 months.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
23	0	Dr. Vivero is kind and friendly although he has a tendency to disregard my concerns. The real problem is the health system for which he works. Their billing department is terrible. Unsure of my bill, I called and called only to get an answering machine.  Finally, I wrote letters and added notes to my checks.  The only response I received was to be sent to a collections agency.  Although I was paying towards the bill, they automatically send to collections at six months.  Worse, instead of sending one bill, they sent two. The second was not yet at the six month mark.  The frustrating thing is that I was withholding total payment because I didn't understand if they were billing me correctly.  Now they've damaged my credit.  So, do yourself a favor.  Go elsewhere! 	2	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	he doesnt do a good check on my son. i bring up the same problem every time im there and he ignores it. he was the doctor for my son at the hospital at birth and still wont tell me his blood type.  I am switching doctors and my son is only 2 months old! 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
24	1	Very excellent physician. Very helpful and compassionate when I became HIV positive. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	She is a wonderful doctor. I have been seeing here for many years. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Dr. Varghese is one of the best, takes time to explain and truly cares 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	0	I had to wait 30 minutes for the doctor to even show up to the office.  I should have left.  It got progressively worse from there.  	2	1	1	4 	Insurance:Humana
27	1	. Tops for every service offered! Extremely throughout and professional 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
28	1	Dr Vogler is a great guy. He is kind and gental. He explains everything he is doing and takes the time to listen when you have something to say.  I would highly recommend him to anyone I know 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:BC Med
29	1	Dr. Valyo is a wonderful doctor and has seen me through a lot of rough times.  He is usually running behind, but that is because he really takes time with his patients and never makes you feel rushed.  I always try to make my appointments with him because I know he cares. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Best doctor in the world!  Highly highly recommend him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Dr Valyo is the best doctor in the world. He could never be replaced. He cares about his patients. Even if you don't see him for a year he will remember what you talked about and ask you how your child did in that spelling B or if they have gotten there black belts yet and etc. We love him and hope to have him forever. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Dean Care is not listed.Dr Valyo has been my Doctor for 8 years and could not be better at caring for his patients.  He asks questions and listens to the patients answers.  He is wonderful! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Doctor Valyo is an excellent family doctor. He sincerely cares about your well being and takes the time to answer questions. I never feel rushed or uncomfortable. Great with kids & adults alike. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Dr. Valyo takes the time to listen to his patients. Even though his office is busy I never feel that my appointments are rushed. He never discounts my concerns or makes me feel like I've asked a &quot;stupid&quot; question. I look forward to my appointments with him and go out of my way to see Dr. Valyo specifically. He is also great with kids! Highly recommended!! 	 6/20/07		5	5	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Amazing!  Going to the wrong address getting the right help.  I was looking for another place for medical attention elsewhere, in a lot of pain, in tears with a back brace on suffering...This is how I landed at Chiropractic Company meeting Dr. Van Scoyk, oh how convenient closer to my home from where I was going.  I had to cancel where I was going after finding out they took my insurance and took me the NEXT DAY, praise God.  I have never experienced such a thorough examination and xrays with complete understanding of my body.  Educating me so I could understand what was going on with me crying through the whole experience grateful for the help I was about to receive, with it written in black and white for me to see for myself.  No pills No pain.  I walk better.  I feel better.  I work better.  More confident and I continue my adjustments faithfully and thankful for the help I am receiving. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Dr. Van Scoyk has been extremely helpful with my back and migraine issues. He is very accessible and willing to get me in quickly when a I get a migraine.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
31	1	Personable and caring doctor, quickly returns e-messages. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Dr. Vogt is funny, kind hearted and easy to talk to. He's nice to his nurses too, which I haven't seen much with my past doctors. I have had to wait awhile in the room for him before, but I could tell that he was trying to get to me as quickly as possible because I heard him running down the hall towards the room! I have seen him about 5 times, but there was one time that he was somewhat short with me...maybe he was just having a bad day. Overall I appreciate his bedside manner and his willingness to spend time talking me through things. 	4	3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	I love Dr Vicente! He is a wonderful MD! He has been helping me for the past 10 yrs. The first MD, that could put the correct medications together that work, in 20 yrs. Thank you! 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	6 yrs of evaluation &amp; never suggested therapy.  Was never a initial diagnosis by tests. Forgot or did not answer direct questions, asked at least twice, regarding loss of balance, what can be done about social anxieties. His response was &quot;let me think about this&quot;. Doses prescribed for certain medications where extremely high, (90 mg daily of Adderall XR). per diagnosis by hospital Psychiatrist. The Nurse on his staff failed to recognize an allergic reaction to medication and told patient needed to have head examined by Family Practitioner.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
32	1	I can't agree more with the review from 2/11/2010. Dr. V is that and more. He cares for you as a whole person and takes your physical health conditions/medications into account with your emotional conditions/medications. Out of all the doctors I see Dr. V. is the one I trust the most and believe in because of his whole person approach. He's very good at listening and talking at your level. Overall, just amazing and I thank God for him.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
32	1	Dr. Vicente is a breath of fresh air. You always feed listened to, and that he really cares. He provides careful analysis, is never judgmental or abrupt, never rushes you out the door like so many other Doctors do. Overall very pleasant and articulate. He is innovative, up on all the newest studies and medications. Not afraid to talk about nutrition, vitamins, etc. Will let patient help decide course of treatment. Democratic, not authoritative. Down to earth and friendly. Overall a very cool guy. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	He is open to trying new medications, working with client.  He believes people are more than their diagnosis.  	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
33	1	Best doctor I ever had. Knowledgeable, detail-oriented, kind, honest. Good scientist, good person.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	dr voelker is very king. knowledgeable and he takes the time to listen to you. He does not treat you like he is in a hurry to get rid of you. Very willing to answer your questions the best he can. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	My experience with Dr. Vogel was terrible.  She violate HIPAA regulation by not documenting patient visits.  Residents are allowed to make decision for which they are not qualified for.  She doesn't follow up on residents recommendations.   I would never recommend this physician to family or friends!!! 	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Tricare
36	1	She was very helpful to me. She listens very well and is VERY knowledgable.She has helped my other family members as well.I would recomend her to anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	-1	Orthopedic & SPine Therapy Center. 211 N.Broadway Suite 105 Green Bay, Wi 54303 920-432-9040 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Always takes good care of my family.  Is kind and caring and listens to what is needed. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Very willing to work with me and allowing me to try other things before going on medications.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	Dr. Randy Vosters is kind, caring and extreamly professional. He goes above the expected norm, spends all the time necessary and cares about each person. I take my children to him. He is great with them, and if there is ever a specific pediatric concern he consults w/ his pediatric collegues before he make a decision if needed. He provides me with infomation to inspire me to take better care of myself and the optimism to make it happen. I would recommmend him to others- but since I started doing that it isn't as easy to get an appointment with him, so maybe I won't :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	-1	She is an elitist and does not know what a &quot;real&quot; Mother or family should do. Just what the books tell her.  	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Anthem
42	1	Awesome guy-really down to earth.  Really listened and is Harvard trained! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
43	1	Dr. Van Norman is double board certified as a Family Practioner, as well as an Anesthesiologist. He is very personable, has a great bedside manner, and is excellent in all situations from critical to routine. I was his assistant, and I'd trust my life in his hands any day. Erik Nilsson 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	terrible, hands shake and he will cause damage 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	Down right rude.  No interest in patient's concerns or healing, only interested if it involves cutting.  Anything slightly gray of that, you are on your own.  Bedside manor absolutely stinks.  Would not take my dog back to a place as this yet alone myself or anyone I care about at all.  Offered no idea's, solutions or actions to take to progress healing, disregarded or talked down at patient concerns and if you are in pain - suck it up... 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Unlike the person above, Rebecca was nothing but helpful, caring, and understanding.  She listened to all my questions and addressed them in a language I could understand.  If you want the best care in this area, I would highly recommened her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	-1	At first, I liked Rebecca Vissers. She is very personable &amp; listened fairly intently to my concerns. After a few visits however, she seemed very different. It was almost like she didn't believe me when I told her my symptoms, &amp; although she didn't say so directly, it was very much implied. Because she was treating me for a specific medical issue, I chose to continue with her until it was resolved since she knew my case. She wasn't very good at follow up &amp; seemed &quot;bothered&quot; that she had to continue seeing me because my condition wasn't healing at the pace she thought it should. When I later had some complications &amp; expressed my concerns, she blew me off. I attempted to share research that my husband found online, but she refused to even look at it &amp; discounted the fact that what we found was even medically relevent or correct. Because of this, we chose to get a second opinion, &amp; low &amp; behold, the research from the internet proved to be right &amp; helped them to diagnose &amp; treat me quicker.  	5	4	1	3 	Insurance:Medicare
47	1	He is an amazing doctor! He went out of his way MANY MANY times to be sure to get our child help.  Very intelligent and caring! The decisions that he makes re: therapy's and medications are very well thought out. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	-1	I did not think Dr. Vasey was a good doctor at all. He made me feel like an expieriment. And he didnt act like he cared about me at all. He treated me as if he just didnt really care what happened or not. He didnt believe anything I said, well i guess they r trained for that but he should've at least pretended he believed me. He broke apart my family. And he just ate up all of our money I mean seriously it cost over a thousand dollars a night for that place almost 2 grand!!!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	Dr. Vasey is a sweet guy, who really cares about his patients. He really made me happy and since his scheduel changed he has been a little scary. But I don't know what I would do without him. He means the world to me. He has been like a dad to me. 	 3/25/08	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
47	0	I feel that he was a little scary because I had not seen him since January because his schedual has changed 		4	5	1 	Insurance:Unknown
47	0	not applicable 		2	4	1 	Insurance:Unknown
48	-1	Opinionated. Arrogant. Ignorant. Chauvinist... Gave his opinions instead of facts. Acted as if I were wasting his time. Didn't answer my questions, instead he judged them and told me to do more research. His assistant was unfriendly, just gave orders without explanation. Had a 3:15 appointment time (checked-in at 3:10) and waited until approximately 3:50 to be seen. 	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
49	0	Very bad bedside manner.  I was scolded for recieving too much pain medication while in hospital. I had to be readmitted after surgery due to infection / internal bleeding - he came across as though he was angry at me for this. He never ordered follow up labs to make sure infection was under control and the bleeding had stopped - a nurse ordered the labs after I made her aware. He downplayed the infection and seemed more concerned about how this would affect his statistics /rate of infection rather than how I was. Again on second admission to hospital I was scolded, humiliated for needing pain medication after an abdominal hysterectomy. I would NEVER choose this doctor. 	3	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	I found him to be pleasant, approachable and informative. He listened to me and my concerns and went over each question repeatedly with response.   My first appointment with him he spent 1 1/2 hours with me which is unheard of and appreciated! I would recommend him! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	0	He doesn't listen to what you are saying. He's feels what he says is right regardless of what you tell him. If I had it to do all over again, I would not choose this doctor. 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	. very informative, repeatedly gave me opportunity for questions, I did not feel rushed 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
49	-1	Horrible bedside manner.  &quot;Scolded&quot; me during the birth of my first child. My experience with this doctor was the worst part of my entire birthing process.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
50	-1	Not return return calls for days and not call in medications to pharmacy. He is leaving Naperville office 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	Dr. Vrabec saved my eye!  I am so grateful.  I doubt there was any other doctor in the Midwest that could've taken immediate charge of a very dire situation like he did with his incredible knowledge and expertise.  The people in his office were all caring, just terrific.  I feel blessed that I can proudly say he is my doctor.  And that I have a new cornea, in the nick of time, because of him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
52	1	Dr.Volberding is way off the charts, way beyond a 5,  on knowledge and experience and understanding of pain and pain medications.  I know...I first met Dr. Volberding in drug treatment in 1989. And I do not meant that he ever denied me access to pain meds when I really needed them. In fact, I had major surgery a week after leaving drug treatment. He managed the whole thing, and did a wonderful job.   He has long since left my life, but he is taking care of my mother and brother now.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
52	1	His specialist referrals aren't that good, but he does seem to care. 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	I LOVED my ped that retired, so I was not thrilled to take the &quot;new&quot; guy and much to my pre-set notions, Dr. Paul Veldhosue is a knowledgable, caring and relates to my middle aged children well!! He's a GREAT doctor.  He's complete in is analysis also.  I Like him! I look forward to growing up with him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
