dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	very personable and easy to talk to.  Was very thorough and knowledgable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
1	0	Did not seem to treat me as human or with any empathy, one who came with burdens and seemed not willing to listen; stopped me from talking when I tried to talk about circumstances surrounding my life that I thought might help her understand what might have been affecting my health.  She turned me off.  I think a breast exam should have been part of the physical, but gave me none.  I would not recommend her to anyone my age, 71.  	5	5	2	4 	Insurance:Medicare
2	-1	She has an attitude. She makes you feel stupid. She repeats herself over and over. She asks the same questions over and over. She was too rough with my baby. She acts all know it all. I felt very uncomfortable. 	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
2	0	. I feel that she is not always comfortable talking about some medical situations with the parents regarding ther children 	2	1	2	4 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
2	-1	This doctor does not lisiten to parents concerns. She tells you something along the lines, of &quot;Oh, your child has autistic tendacies.&quot; after panicking and seeking specialists to take care of my child. Which all came back negative (Thank goodness). That is not the issue, the issue I had was when I requested a copy of my childs files in order to take to a psychologist to determine why my child had these behavorial issues (because she wouldn't address those), I recieved my childs file and the majority of the file had derrogetory remarks about Me. &quot;Mom suspects her child is autistic.&quot; Mom gave up on child being autistic&quot;. Umm, I would not have even considered autism if she did not tell me that she thought he was autistic. I will not return to her. 		1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr. Zeeb is one of the best health care professionals I have ever encountered.  He recommended procedures which resulted in a great improvement in my overall health.  His cosmetic ability is impressive and is only surpassed by his honest and warm personality.  I trust him completely with my family's health.  Thank you Dr. Zeeb! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr. Zeeb is very gentle and caring. He explained in detail what work I needed to have and the crown looks very natural. I highly recommend him, 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	DR Z., is a wonderful Dr. She played a key/significant role in helping me during a terrible time. She looks at &quot;you&quot; the person and not just the clinical data to determine what's going on... She's not a clock watcher -- she gives all her patients the time they need to figure out how to address their health issues best! Thank's Dr. Z., for taking care of me. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Dr. Zaremba is the most caring, helpful and doctor I have ever encountered.  She truly cares about her patients, she is usually late thats because she doesn't rush you out and you never feel hurried, when she is with you she is &quot;with you 100%&quot;. I She knows her drugs and does not push them on you but explains what they do.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
4	1	This is the first doctor I've had in 62 years of my life that actually cares about her patients.  She will talk to you in language you can understand.  She will ask questions and I believe she will always do what is in the best interest of her patients.  Her staff is very professional and courteous.  All are willing to help when needed no matter what.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	She is the best Dr in the world! She has been my Dr for many years, ever since she came to the Burlington clinic. Yes it's true the wait to see her IS LONG, it also is WELL WORTH YOUR WAIT as she is OVERLY KIND AND ABOVE AND BEYOND A CARING DR/PERSON! Her knowledge is unbelievable and she will work hard to help you with all concerns you have. I can talk to her openly and she REALLY CARES about not only medical needs, she also cares 100% about you as a person. Although not medically related I think her accent is awesome. She is just beautiful both on the inside as well as on the outside. I hope I can keep  her as my Dr for as long as I can, she has become an extremely important person within my life.  	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
4	1	She is the best Dr. ever. I travel 35 miles to see her and I have no plans on ever changing Doctors as long as she exsepts my inserence.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
4	1	Very very slow office. Nice doctor, but a very long wait. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Was referred to him from another doctor who couldn't diagnose my problem.  He knew just by looking at my arm that I had multiple problems (tenisinivitis, epocondolitis,etc.)  If it wasn't for him, I'd still be in alot of pain in my arm.  What a God send!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Dr. Zaide is knowledgeable and friendly.  He took me as a new patient same day as I called.  He knows his stuff, has a sense of humor, and is someone I can feel comfortable with.  His staff were also all friendly and compassionate.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
6	1	Dr. Zaide helped me through a very difficult time in my life. He is one of the most compassionate and down to earth doctors I've met. Unfortunately he has now moved to Wisconsin and will no longer be my physician. I was lucky to have him as my physician when he was here.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	0	Dr. Zirbel seems a lot more rushed in the amount of patient time than she did a few years ago.  The last appointment she had an assistant do most of the skin treatment, which I was uncomfortable with.  I was not asked if that was alright and was told the assistant would be the one taking care of me.  I used to like Dr. Zirbel, but will be looking for a new dermatologist.  	3	1	2	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
7	1	While everyone's experience is different,find the negative one hard to believe. Dr. Z was very thorough with me, answered questions, even called back on her non-clinic day. She respected my preference for &quot;low tech&quot; solutions and the overall impact of skin and wound problems.  Definitely recommend.  PS got refered to her by a friend whose malignant melanoma Dr. Z.diagnosed early.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
7	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Zirbel for the past 10 years.  She always addresses my concerns and is very detailed when examining for skin cancers. I never feel rushed and she is a very calm and polite.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	I almost feel like the other rating listed here is a complete lie. Dr. Zirbel was extremely helpful and compassionate, and was extremely good at comforting me pre/during/post the countless procedures I've had with her. She has always made it a point to have me call if I have any concerns and she was able to get me in very quickly (1-2 days) after I had a cyst appear on my face. I think she understands a lot of the things she treats also have a huge self-esteem impact on patients and therefore does her best to fix any ailments.  I would easily recommend her to anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	Dr Zirbel has no bedside manner. She did not address my concerns and did not perform the services I request. When I asked her some questions about one of my health issues, she brushed me off to another doctor. It was a complete waste of money and time.  I should have known better- I had the same experience the first time I went to her! Don't make the same mistake- twice- as I did!!! 	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Humana
8	1	Knows medicine and keeps the patient informed and entertained. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Dr. Zeihen is professional, thorough, thoughtful and willing to listen to me.  I have been his patient for at least 25 years, and I wouldn't trade him for any other.  If I question a treatment, he doesn't get arrogant; he just explains why he has prescribed that treatment.  And I appreciate it. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Very nice receptionists and nurse. Dr Z is very nice and has an unusually good 'bedside manner'. He is very informative and spent a lot of time with me. He gave me a prescription, but not until after full exam and deliberation. Only one visit, but highly recommended.  There are doctors who are both good and nice! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
10	1	Really likes the idea of patients giving input on their treatment. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Dr. Zhu did a total knee replacement on my mother and was exceptional in his bedside manner and extremely helpful with her care before and after surgery.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	-1	He wouldn't see me because I was ten minutes late and he doesn't like it when you come late, so I don't know what his knowledge level is.  It was my first visit to him, so I didn't even get in.  He makes you feel like he believes his time is more important than yours and won't see you if you don't get there right on time regardless of the reason.  As I was reschuduling for a different doctor in the office one of his patients walked out, so he wouldn't have even been in my room to see me until after the scheduled time.  	4	3	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
12	1	He made my hand whole again! Best hand doc in Madison! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	. worst dentist ever!!! totally rude and uncaring&gt; would never go back 	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Humana
14	1	Kind, caring, compassionate, and an outstanding surgeon. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Excellent doctor. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Amazing professionalism, very kind, sincere and understanding. Just a wonderful doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	He was very kind and listened without interupting.  Quite respectful of my mothers shyness when performing the physical examination.  His explaination was easy to understand.  He went out of his way to make us comfortable and to make sure we fully comprehended the instructions for my mothers care and of her medications.  I myself am switching to him along with the rest of my family. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Helped my mother get GAMP and into nursing home so she could recover after surgery. Very good bedside manner, really listen and cares about his patients. Actually sits and asks questions and pays attention to the answers. We can call him any time of the day or night when there is a problem. 		4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	I was told there was &quot;nothing more they could do for me&quot; following my TIA. Waited around hours to get sent home.  		2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
17	-1	His diagnosis was possible Malingering and anxiety and depression. When my true diagnosis should have been bone spurs, hearnation, lessions, degenerate disk diease and spinal stenosis, fibromyalia. Which his failure to took into caused me perment nerve danage.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	Great doctor.  Really cares about his patients, has great knowledge and gives advice that takes all the right things into account.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
18	1	I trust  Dr. Zukowski with my family 100%. He is so caring and gentle. Patient and ready to answer any questions you may have.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
18	1	Although his office staff isn't very personable, Dr. Zukowski and his nurses are a rare find! EXCELLENT doctor for both of my children! Unfortunately, our insurance changed and the drive is a bit too far.  I would recommend him to anyone in the area! 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	 	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Great Doctor! Trust him with everything. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Great Doctor. Spent a lot of time with our family. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	0	Was all good in the beginning, told him my problem he scheduled an MRI and told me that I tore my Meniscus in my left knee. So we scheduled surgery for a repair. The day of surgery he said if you want 3 months off I'll give you 3 months off. I was told that if he repaired my knee I could not weight bear on my left leg. 2 weeks after surgery at my post op Apt he sent me back to work with restrictions. He wont refill my pain meds, cause his nurse feels that I miss used them. So my knee is in constant pain. went to er for pain and because they could see his notes they did nothing. never touched me. I am getting a second opinion on post op care. I was forced to walk on my left leg 2 weeks to early and I am afraid that I have re-torn it as my pain has gotten worse. I would not recommend this doctor for anything. I think once the surgery is done he washes his hands of you and you are left to suffer on your own. His nurse is a *itch. Not happy at all with this.  make sure you do your homework 	1	5	1	4 	Insurance:Workers Comp
21	1	Dr Zambrano went totally out of his way to take very good care of my husband!  He had both knees replaced and the rotar cuff had extensive surgery.  We are so very pleased with the Doc, he is an exception in surgeons.  He laughs and he is &quot;REAL&quot;...Doc even lets me get pictures taken with him, he is an EXCEPTION... We brag about him to all our friends! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	-1	Dr. Zabrano is very talented when it comes to surgery. He was compassionate and caring. After care, however, when there still problems he indicated it was all psychosomatic. He had his mind made up before entering the exam room and didn't even examine me. Upon telling this to my general physican, she sent me to a pain management doctor. At that time it was confirmed the same diagnosis that was given to me by my general md. I have gone through spinal injections, and a very expensive brace. 	4	5	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Dr. Zernzach is very patient, listening, helpful. I never feel hurried; office visits are always very satifying.  Staff fits me in on same day when there is an emergency.  Dr. Z quickly responds to a letter requesting further information, clarification, or help for a new condition.  He has a quiet, almost hidden, sense of humor and seems to appreciate knowledge evidenced by the patient regarding the condition under discussion.  My immediate and extended family have been patients of his for well over twenty years.  There are many doctors and health facilities in our area and we would not have stayed with Dr. Z. this long if we did not feel that he is an excellent diagnostician who knows the proper treatment to be followed.  He is conservative in prescribing drugs, does not easily recommend surgery, and orders only necessary tests.  He makes phone calls in person, initiating action on the part of the patient.  He is always patient with patients.  Best description:  a good doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
23	-1	first of all, this doc showed up 45 minutes late to the appointment!!! Then, he did not even let me explain my symptoms and history in detail. He just jumped to a conclusion real quick and stood up and decided to walk away. I was not even done with my questions and doubts. He literally walked away. He was in the room with me for only 10-12 minutes. I was really angry but ofcourse couldnt do anything about it !! These docs need to stop thinking themselves as gods. I have seen similiar behaviour from other UW health docs too.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	. repaired 4 disc, Complete recovery,full range of motion, if someone is going to opereate on my back it is going to be DrZ 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	-1	He is an rude, arrogant and dismissive. After years of spine pain, degenerative discs and osteo arthriti, he laughed and told me to get some hobbies. He is more into making money than being helpful. 	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
23	0	After struggling with debilitaing pain for years at 23 I had a cervical fusion from Dr Z. After 6 months I still hadn't felt the relief of pain I would have expected. At that follow up I asked if I could try PT again to see if that would help. His response was &quot;why, it didn't help in the past. You are just going to have to learn to live with it&quot;.  I was stunned that that was an acceptable response to someone so young with that much life yet to live. Later, at a visit with my dr. at a pain clinic, I found out that I had a less than perfect fusion that they were used to seeing from Dr Z. I am still glad that I made the decision to have the surgery but would have researched surgeons more. It was not uncommon to wait for a hour+ before my visit. Definitely not the warmest person for such a scary procedure. Also, my post op follow up was not really even addressed-I felt I had little to no instruction.  	3	1	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	-1	did not explain in detail how much pain you may be in for many weeks after surgery.bed side manner poor. 	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
23	0	excellent  surgeon ,vague with post op issues, pain,recovery problems,bedside manner not the best. 	4	4	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	Not a very compassionate person. He's supposed to be a great surgeon, but he couldn't fix me. I don't blame him for that. But he is responsible for his behavior. He has no bedside manner. I have spoken with so many of his other patients who have had the same terrible experience. He doesn't believe in pain. He accuses you of fabricating it all and suggests that you take an aspirin. Its a shame that the university chooses to side with the money he brings in rather than the high number of patients he hurts with his words. Eventually, someone is going to snap and hurt themselves and maybe then the U will take notice. 	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	My local Orthopedist has the same condition I had, but half as bad. I asked him what he was going to do and he said have surgery. I asked him what surgeon and Dr. Z was it, so that's who I wanted. I got in for a consultation in three weeks, surgery two weeks after that. I has fusion of S1 to L5 which was fractured and 1/3 moved out of place, and no disc between. He used the new LT cage and synthetic bone protein. After 10 weeks I biked 36 miles, after a yr. I was healing wonderfully. I have advanced degenerative disc disease and am only 47 yrs. old. My neck hurts more than the low back did. I asked him about that, he ordered xrays, and wanted no more to do with me. My local doc ordered MRI and found two bulging discs. I did forward the results to Dr. Z for future reference. I am going to PT and pain mgt. Maybe Dr. Z will help me with my neck later. As for my fusion, it was the best thing I ever did. I'm better than new. Yes, his people skills are lacking, but he's a great surgeon. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	I went to Zdeblik looking for solutions to neck problems associated with a connective tissue disorder.  I know I was asking him to think outside his normal thought process, but he didn't even try.  He had clearly made his mind up before entering the exam room that I was wasting his time, grilling me on how I was able to get an appointment.  The condition (Ehlers-Danlos) is real as are the symptoms, and it may be that there was nothing he could do to help. But I left the meeting certain that my concerns weren't even considered.  Interestingly, as I was leaving he made an effort to spare my feelings.  I would much rather have left with hurt feelings AND some answers.   I don't know if he's a good surgeon, but he's a very poor diagnostician.  Steer clear from this one if you can. 	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
23	0	Dr. Zdeblick's surgical talents are probably unmatched to anyone in the area- but he lacks any warmth and human kindness for his patients.  He kept me more than at arms link in my last appointment- he made me cry because of the manner in which he told me he couldn't help me anymore.  If it wasn't for the kindness of his nurse afterwards I would have reported him.  He seems to have the God complex- no empathy whatsoever.  But, again, he is an expert at what he does.  It is just too bad he can't also be humane.  	4	4	1	5 	Insurance:Humana
23	1	I would have liked for Dr Z to have done my surgery, but because of a lack of communication between UW and my insurance it looks like I will have to find someone else to do my surgery. Perhaps it's an issue with his staff, but I could not get the forms I needed filled out, I had my MRI's sent three times before they recieved them, overall lack of willingness to get things done for the patient. 	2	4	2	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Dr. Zdeblick is THE BEST spine surgeon in the U.S. He is thorough, knowledgable, easy to talk to and an expert in the correction of any spine problem. If you want it done right, this dr. is the man to see. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Great doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Dr. Cheryl Ziegler has my respect because of her knowledge and the time she takes to care for my eyes. I see her to have my retinas examined and for glaucoma. She is conscientious, explains treatment options thoroughly, and works to ensure satisfaction. Her staff is also friendly and helpful. She also saw my infant daughter as part of Wisconsin's program for free checks for infant's vision.http://www.woa-eyes.org/infantsee-public. Dr. Ziegler was able to give me feedback about my daughter's developing vision.  Just love this doc.   Glad to have found her! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
26	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Knows his medicine well, tells you all the in's out's of what he is doing, does not use scare tactics but best of all he listens and explains in lay mans terms. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	very understanding - does not prescribe drugs without patient trying alternative remedy 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Very friendly. Takes time to get to know you. 	 6/10/06		4	5	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Very best. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Fantastic customer service, great staff, knowledgeable and caring doctor! I have never felt better! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	My wife and I both have been very comfortable with Dr. Zuzick. avery kind and knowledgeable doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	This Doctor is very good, even my husband likes going to him. Very nice and makes you feel comfortable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	Very good at bedside manner.  Not punctual, but it is because he actually sits and talks to you.  	2	2	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
34	-1	Terrible Dr...wouldn't even send my dog there.  He &amp; PA Sara can be friendly &amp; appear helpful, but when I ran into probs they were unavail and rude saying I &quot;could tough it out&quot;.  When I ran into problems there was no way to page Dr.  Leaving urgent message in their voicemail on a weekday during business hrs, I didn't get a call back until 5 hrs later.  When I expressed my concerns to Dr. after these issues, there was no apology and even NO acknowledgement that there were any problems that he was going to fix...my 10 minutes of appointment was up.  Who works with people on strong narcotics &amp; gives them no way to get urgent help&#63;!!  They knew when at ER they wld not give any treatment seeing my narcotic profile &amp; yet I was forced to go there after waiting 5 hrs for their callback.  Really made me question his &quot;20+&quot; yrs of expertise and his even caring about the physical hell I ended up in.  Don't go there if you areooking for quality care...won't find it there in Dr Z, PA Sara or staff.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
34	0	HORRIBLE STAFF, I LIKE the Dr but thats definetly not enough for me to go back  seeing that you spend ALOT more time with the staff 	1	2	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Dr.Zoeller was very nice, and I would say he spent an average amount of time with me. I think he could have explained his thoughts on my complicated problems more to me.  However, when coming back for follow up, I saw his PA (which I didn't know I was seeing) and it turned out very well. Sara Stoddard is excellent, and very caring.  I will continue to seek care there.  	4	4	4	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
34	1	I found Dr Zoeller to be friendly & knowledgeable. I would recommend him to others.  	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
34	-1	He spent less than 2 minutes with me and was very rude and not helpful in answering questions.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Very nice, knowledgable, but hard to get in and always on a tight schedule.  	3	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	. very thorough; is very calming and listens to what you have to say 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	. she is very concientious about her patients 	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
36	1	This doctor was very helpful.  He explains everything in detail in a way that you can understand what is wrong with your body as well as the treatment he will be peforming 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
37	1	Always listens to his patients.  Shows compassion and concern .  Wants patients to take a role in their healthcare. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	Rude, borderline abusive.  Every time I went to him, follow-up care at different doctors contradicted his diagnosis and treatment course.  Reception staff is always unfriendly, at times markedly nasty.  	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
37	1	He trusts his patients to know when something is wrong with them or their children.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	This clinic certainly is a little treasure in Wauwatosa.  I've been adjusted by both Dr. Sara Zach and Dr. Rich Protasiewicz and both doctors are exceptionally skilled practitioners.  I would recommend them to anyone looking for quality care and friendly personable doctors. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	A very professional chiropractor with great adjusting skills and knowledge of the body.  Highly recommended for people who have never been to a chiropractor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	He does a very good job and seems to care for his patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
39	1	I love this man! My husband is afraid of dentist due to childhood and early adult experiences... this Doc made him feel good about the visit and he let him work on him to take care of his issues... he offers the more expensive options as well as alternatives... he gives you all the information regarding cost and procedures and lets you decide what you would like to have/pay for.  He is awesome! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	0	Dr. Seldera is a doctor and knows what she is doing, however she is very hard to understand because of her thick accent.  She also seems hurried and doesn't give very detailed answers to questions I ask.  	5	5	3	3 	Insurance:Humana
41	1	Dr Zent is the nicest, most helpful Dr I have ever come across and I am 56 years old. He explains everything, answers questions and is careful. I trust him completely. He ran into problems with one of my oral surgeries but didn't rush because he had patients waiting. Lots of follow up and even called me at home himself to see how I was doing. You don't see doctors like him much. I would highly recommend him to anyone.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
