dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Im a big chicken when it comes to dentists and they were great there...would recommend them to anyone...  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
2	-1	.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
2	-1	One of the worst doctors I have ever been to. He is always late, not friendly, can't remember his patients and doesn't seem to know as much as other doctors I have seen. I will not ever go to him again. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	I love Dr Bazley!! I was going to switch for insurance reasons but decided to switch insurance instead cause i feel so compfortable with Bazley as my dr 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	This man is one of the worst doctors I have ever met. Rude, no bedside manner and seems to lack any medical knowledge. And most of the time, he is behind schedule and rushed. Awful experience. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	I had a HORRIBLE experience w/ this man. He didn't listen to my concerns, constantly demeaning on my weight among other uncomfortable aspects. He had no bedside manners and brought one of his kids with on a post c-section check in the hospital! I found out later that he let my bp get too high and that possibly (no way to know for sure) could have caused a birth defect in my child. also killed the majority of nerves in my lower abdomen during my c-section 4 years ago and most of them still have not returned back to normal. definately DO NOT recommend this &quot;doctor&quot;.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
3	1	Not concerned about my high blood pressure even on medication. She has been treating me for years with medication. I seen another doctor and she gave me new medication and my blood pressure went down to normal for the first time in many years. 	1	4	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Dr. Vicky Baker is always interested in her patients. She listens to patient questions and is willing to inform the patient and if she doesn't have the answer she finds it. She is willing to make needed referrals and responds kindly to patient requests. She is very easy to schedule an appointment with. Appointments can be made within a week or two. 	5	5	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	She is our pediatrician (6month old and 2 year old.  She is very good with children.  I love her &quot;down to earth&quot; approach.  Very thorough and personable. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	0	She's not afraid to admit she's not an expert in certain areas and will refer to others as needed.  Very patient and listens, concerned not just about one problem but how it may relate to the whole person. 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	excellent doctor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	he is the best,helpful and caring,especially older people love him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
7	-1	Has a temper, uncooperative, does not keep medical records updated, cannot answer simple prescription questions. Yes, all of this is true. I have experienced this first hand. It is unimaginable.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
8	1	BY FAR THE BEST DR. THAT I HAVE EVER SEEN. HE TREATS HIS PATIENTS WITH SUCH CARE AND KINDNESS, WITH VAST KNOWLEDGE ON ANY SUBJECT. I WOULD RECOMEND HIM TO ANY FAMILY MEMBER OR FRIEND. TRUELLY A GENTLEMEN AND A SCHOLAR. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Good doctor.Very helpful. Treated my high blood presure the best of all the doc's I have had 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Great Dentist. Treats you like a friend. Never any pain and straight forward on what is needed for you.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
10	-1	Dr. Barwig needs to retire.  Please exercise caution if you choose to see her for your obgyn needs.  YOur family will have a nice tombstone for you. 	3	3	3	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Dr. Patricia Barwig is a very good doctor. She helped me deliver my daughter in 2007. She would generally be late for the pregnancy visits but you can count on her to be on time and take charge when the actual time for delivery comes or if any help is required. Thanks to her, I had a normal delivery and thanks to Dr. Jacky, I did not need epidural for the delivery. I am deeply indebted to you two and the Obgyn team in Brookfield, Wisconsin from the depth of my heart.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
10	1	Dr. Barwig is the best! I came to WI after Hurricane Katrina. I was pregnant at the time.  I was referred to her by the Red Cross a few days after I arrived.  She treated me with such compassion, patience and understanding.  My delivery was an excellent experience and she was wonderful.  I continue to see Dr. Barwig and early this year she delivered my nephew.  Dr. Barwig was a blessing and I will be forever grateful!  She is a wonderful physican that I would refer to anyone.   I look forward to my appointments with her because she is so kind! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
10	1	I have slways found Dr. Barwig to be concerned for her patients. She spend time with you until you have your questions answered and sometimes that means you have to wait a bit longer for her but she is this was with all her patients. She makes you feel like family.  Great Gal 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
10	1	I, too, cannot believe some of these people are talking about the same doctor. I have been seeing Dr. Barwig for nearly 25 years (hard to believe!!). I suffered two miscarriages, and the first one, especially, I will never forget how kindly she and her staff treated me. She went above and beyond. The second time, even the ultrasound tech cried with me. Dr. B saw me through very trying times, and my 3rd pregnancy was difficult, but she helped see me AND my husband through. She helped us both. And now, two healthy children later, I can't imagine seeing anyone else. I know not everyone may have same experience, unfortunately, but I've always highly recommended her, and her group.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
10	1	I have been seeing Dr. Barwig for 20 years and thinks she is great. Always takes time to listen to any of my concerns and explains things fully.  Years ago my daughter had a problem that other doctors wouldn't deal with. Dr.Barwig was great. Can't believe these other people had the same doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	-1	Dr. Barwig was a nightmare! When I was having a miscarriage at 6 weeks, she did not take time to fit me in her schedule as she didn't believe I was pregnant. Her nurses would not take me seriously on the phone when I said I was bleeding a super size tampon every 2 minutes. Finally, I demanded she see me. She fit me in later that day. When there, placenta finally came out. She blamed the whole thing on her nurses not telling her the whole story. I found her to be insensitive and not willing to go the extra mile.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
10	-1	Dr. Barwig enjoys talkingin turn, keep patients waiting for her for quite a while. However, when you have a real medical concern to discuss, her response has been to me sarcastic, belittling and patronizing. With a high risk pregnancy, I came in to see Dr Barwig regarding a concern. She was more concern with talking about her staff not being told details about my visit when they didn't even ask. She in turn never asked me about my situation, instead she examined me, and said baby was fine and went on to something else. I told I needed to understand my situation better. Her response to me was &quot;Pregnancy isn't fun - look at your age (early 40's). I could not believe she could be so insensitive knowing my history of miscarriages - if anyone knows that pregnancy isn't fun it's someone with my history. I would never recommend a doctor who is inappropriate, unprofessional and doesn’t take the time to communicate and inform their patients as DR. Barwig has demonstrated.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
11	1	Dr. Bahr was professional and patient during my annual physical. Regarding a couple of questions I had he was very proactive about what I needed to do next. Very recommended. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Dr. Bahr was very patient and helpful.  He listened to my concerns and I never felt rushed.  I have recommended to other friends.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	Very helpful and easy to talk to. He was happy to spend time answering my questions. I never felt rushed. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	This is one of those docs who don't listen and think they are the world because they have a diploma on their wall. He was poking fun of my problem and ignored helping me. I will never see him again as he is arrogant and did nothing to help me but say that i was 'fine,' when i wasn't! He talked me into doing something I didn't want to do and later my second doctor told me he shouldn't have done the test he did. I had to schedule another appointment with a different doctor to have a resulotion. 	4	4	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Great dentist.  He really knows his stuff. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	Examined over a period of 15 mos. could not diagnose problem. 	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	I went to Dr. Banks for many years, and while I always felt comfortable, and felt I got good service, I'm now finding out that he wasn't doing a very good job on my teeth.  I've had to have a LOT of work re-done that Dr. Banks did within the last couple of years.  I really like him, he's a great guy and very friendly but unfortunately, I think my issues were too advanced for his knowledge base.  	5	4	5	2 	Insurance:Delta Dental
14	0	The staff is unprofessional. Everyone was in a bad mood. One staff person was walking around with open toed sandals on. Not what I want to see in a medical office. I was in a lot of pain and Dr Banks would not give me any more anesthetic. He was mean. 	1	3	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Dr. Banks is extremely patient. I hate the dentist and he is very understanding about that and patient. His office staff is very friendly and remembers your name. He also has little word puzzles tacked to a cork board on the ceiling so you have something to do while they work in your mouth.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
15	1	If it wasn't for Dr. Barboi my mother wouldn't be alive today. His knowledge with gillianbauer syndrom saved her life. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Dr. Barboi has probably helped saved my life!  One of the best there is! His knowledge, care and desire to help is excellent! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	I can't say enough about Dr Barboi! Absolutely awesome!  Treats me like I matter!  He researches until he finds out what he needs to know.   Very caring and helpful!  One of a kind!  I recommend him!  He's not affraid to look beyond the text book!!!!!!! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
15	1	This doctor really cares about helping his patients.  I have been to several different docs and he was the only one who has truly helped me.  He listens well, explains everything and actually takes notes during the examination!  He is very smart, but if he needs to seek help from his collegues....he will.  He doesn't have the high and mighty attitude most doctors have.  I like him and would recommend him to anyone needing a good neurologist.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	cant say enough about this doctor, he is the best! very caring, listens, knowledgeable, have reccommended him to several people.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
16	1	Dr. Babbitz is exceptionally knowledgeable, informative and considerate.  Plus his dry humor is a bonus! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Assurant
17	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	She was condescending and smug.  She also told us things that were actually WRONG about our family member's diagnosis.  We did more research on our own and found information two different times that disputed what she had told us.  And not LITTLE mistakes--big things that she should have known.  She should either have referred us to an expert in the field, or she should have done more research herself.  We trusted her and made decisions based on what she told us.  Our family member died. 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Dr. Baltz was very kind and very professional.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
20	1	Awesome doc...very comforting and takes the time with patients...his staff in the kenosha office are wonderful!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	this is the best doctor in wi for cancer. when my husband was diganosed he sat down with us and explained everything. we went from fear to understanding. do not hesitate to call him. he is always current in the field of oncology and gives the one thing you need most, the truth.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
20	1	Dr. Bandealy is THE best oncology doctor in WI!!  He will talk WITH you, not at you and he makes sure you understand what's going on.  He listens to ALL your questions and takes lots of time to answer them.  That does make him off schedule alot but it's worth the wait.   The staff at the Kenosha office (in the Aurora hospital building) is the BEST!! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
21	-1	This doctor was awful to me. When he tells you that your symptoms are in your head and not really happening, that's not right. Never listens to what you are trying to tell him. I would never tell anyone to see him. 	2	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	Other doctors said my condition was not serious but wanted a check up with Dr. Banasch, he panicked me into a procedure that put me in the ER twice for complications. The procedure did not find a problem. Very $$ and painful. Not happy. Wish I had checked out online before I went to him. 	4	4	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	Dr.  Bannasch agreed with us that there was a problem and keep us coming back, and then told comp that there never was a problem.  He prescribed medicine and increased dosage over 3 appointments, but says there is no problem&#63;  We just don't know why this has happened.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
22	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Dr. Bavishi is a very good doctor. He genuinely cares about his patients. You can tell he isn't there just to get paid. I've Bern taking my daughter to him since she was born in Feb of 2011 and he has been so good with her and always asks about how our family is. He is such a good person. We moved 2 hrs away but still make the drive to see him for our daughter's check ups. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Dr. Bavishi is the best pediatrican I have ever encountered.  He treats his patients like they are family.  The patient is always number 1.  His attention to detail allowed him to catch things other docs did not.  He also has excellent bed side manners. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Dr. Bavishi is wonderful! He explains everything very clearly and is very thorough. He takes wonderful care of my 2 children. He remembers conversations and details about our family no matter how log it's been since we saw him. I can't imagine ever taking my children to another doctor. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	He is wonderful, kind and knowledgeable. We can't imagine taking our daughter to anyone else. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Very kind and caring. Dr. Bavishi has an excellent memory. He focuses not only on your child but on the family as a whole. I can't see myself ever changing doctors unless he moved away. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Very honest, won't yank your chain! Referred me to a specialist. 	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	This doctor does not listen to parents concerns he does not return phones calls, he writes letters that are totally accurate.   The childrens needs are not being met 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:AHC
25	-1	This doctor was horrible!  I would not take my dog to him for care.  Children's Hospital should be ashamed to have him on their staff.  Egotistical, Crude, Brash describe him to a &quot;T&quot;.  He view of his patients problems are that their parents have caused them. He will not work with the parent - but against them.  You can not have a working relationship with this doctor.  He wants parents to check their brain at the door and do whatever he want to with their child. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	Very frustrating dealing with this doctor. He did not listen well. He disregarded information he was provided. He appeared often times to have made up his mind before he met with my daughter and myself. He would not veer from his intervention even when it was clear after months that it was not working. We changed doctors and it made an incredible difference. My advice is to avoid this man if your child is suffering from depression. Beyond that, I'd still be wary. He does not listen well. It could be a fatal mistake to take your child to him. 		4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	I have been a patient of Dr Bachhuber since I was 16 yrs old.  I am now 37.  He has treated my mother and father longer than that.  He is very knowledgeable and has excellent bedside manner. I would strongly recommend him, however, I don't know if he is accepting new patients or not. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	0	 	2	4	4	2 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	excellent. very personable and knowledgeable 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	Very condescending. Talked to me like a child. Very uncomfortable with her arrogance and lack of empathy.  Switched doctors! 	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	Dr. B is a gift in my life.  As others have noted, she goes beyond what I have ever experienced with any doctor, and with multiple illnesses, I have seen plenty.  i am a long-term patient(over 15 years approx), and I don't have a negative experience or feeling to share. She is an astute listener, has a well rounded knowledge and referral base and never ever has made me feel rushed.  In fact, she makes me feel like I am her only patient and comfortable enough to talk about anything.  My mom is 82 and she and her group of friends have been seeing her longer than I have, and every one of them expresses that she is special.  There is no put on here - she genuinely cares and that element in conjunction with her skills, literally saved my life.  I'm glad I trusted her with it.  God bless you Dr. B. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Amazing diagnostician! She quickly, and even over the phone, pinpoints what many doctors miss. She is patient oriented. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	I echo the comments of the other raters. Dr Kaye makes you feel like you are the most important patient that she has. She is intelligent, articulate and knows her medicine. She and her team have gone above and beyond for me so many times that I have lost count. She exemplifies everything that is good in the medical profession. She maintains a strong network of fellow physicians so she can get you the care you need.  It is not &quot;practicing&quot; medicine with Dr Kaye.   She is the real thing! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
28	1	Dr Kay is a caring concerned physician. She spends exactly the right amount of time with her patients. You can ask her anything & she will respond with knowledge & concern about you. She maintains an excellent relationship with other professionals that she may use as a referral. On numerous occasions she went above & beyond what I would expect of a Dr to make certain that I got the medication I needed quickly, and that I was seen by a specialist in a timely fashion.  I even believe she would make house calls if someone required that extra attention. She has the kindness of the old fashioned country dr mixed with a vast knowledge base.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
28	1	Dr. Baugrud's astute recognition of symptoms saved my life. She is thorough, up-to-date with medical research, and mixes in humor, warmth, and caring. Dr. Baugrud has referred me to other outstanding physicians--specialits in their fields. I can tell Dr. Baugrud anything and not feel judged or embarasses.  She is great! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
28	1	Dr. Baugrud is a wonderful, very kind Dr. She takes time really listening to her patients so she can give them the best care she can. She is very knowledgeable and solves issues. My family has been seeing her for several years and she has served us very well. I would highly recommend Dr. Baugrud.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
28	1	Fantastic service, very knowledgeable.  Kind, patient and sensitive.  	3	4	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
28	-1	 	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	This doctor did interoral exam without washing hands and wearing gloves. Rushed and very unapproachable.  Did not like being asked questions.  Did not want to read scan of mass in neck because he felt it was said it was a secondary issue.   Never recommend this doctor to anyone 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
29	-1	. very rushed, didn't asess the situation and wouldn't own up to his mistake 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
29	1	Dr. Barton did a great job on my nose. I can breath again and it looks perfect. He also was great in keeping me informed throughout the whole process. The Staff took good care of me and kept in touch with  me after my OP to see if I was ok. What more could you ask for&#63;!I felt I was in good hands throughout the whole time. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	Didn't listen, cost me 184.00, and he wanted me to come back in 2 weeks. would have cost me again. Went to another Dr., he gave me some penicillin for the infection I had. 	3	5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	This Dr. seems to think he knows it all.  He takes very little time listening to his patients.  Verifying that he has very little patience.  I would not recommend him for service or get a second opinion, he seems to be into making money and not the patients welfare.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
29	0	While he is very personable; he draws conclusion too fast and doesn't hear you out.  Doesn't seem to realize there may truly be an infection without falling down illness - it shouldn't have to get to that point. 	5	5	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Dr. Bartow is always ready to answer any questions you have. She is a very smart lady who has always been there for me when I needed her. 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	I went to see this doctor. Before driving 1.5 hours there the records of mine were told they would be reviewed. I was called by Kristen and told the doctor would perform the gamma knife of cyber knife a treatment I knew I was able to have done. This was the only one of two facilities in the area that did this treatment.  I confirmed this news once again prior to going there.  Once there .. the doctor wanted to take un necessary tests. Tests the doctors prior did not ever want or need. He did not care about my head pains and blurred vision at all. He seemed to change his story and want to instead run up my health insurance for him and the neuro surgeons visits instead. Stay away from this &quot;Quack&quot; He is the reason that people stay away from doctors and why alternative medicine and holistic approaches are on the rise. He called me today and when I was trying to calmly discuss this all .. he had a attitude with me and hung the phone up after telling me he took it upon himself to dismiss the case. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	You have to listen very carefully to Dr. Bar-Lev because of his Israeli accent, but if you do not understand he will repeat until you do fully understand.  He was friendly, warm and compassionate.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
32	1	Dr. Bar Lev truly cares about his patients. He doesn't sugar coat the facts, but the care he gives is in the top 1 percent I have received from any doctor.  When you are dealing with a life threatening disease you need and want someone who is straight forward with the facts. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Would not go anywhere else.  Highest level of professionalism and expertise. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	0	My family's experience with Dr. Bar-Lev was not positive It is true that he he is abrup[t and gives the impression that he has written off your case. when having a conversation with him regarding my father's case, I was told by him that he did not have time, he had explained it to my mother and sister, ( who did not understand at that point what was happening). i would not recommend Dr. Bar Lev to anyone who was dealing with cancer or pre-cancer conditions. We felt totally let down and his manner contributed to more stress. 	2	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	I actually like Dr. Bar-Lev a great deal.  I have seen him many times over the years due to an elevated factor 8, clotting dissorder enhanced with pregnancy. I accept that he doesn't have what appears to be the friendliest bedside manner on the outside, but he has always been knowledgeable, and has never steered me in the wrong direction while under his care.  He has always returned my calls and has answered my questions.  He is a straight shooter who does not &quot;poo-poo&quot; around issues.  There was one time, that our (lovely) insurance company would not cover the cost of my Lovenox injections hence having me pay out of pocket to the tune of $3200.00/month.  He and his staff suggested and allowed me to come in to their office to receive my injections saving us THOUSANDS of dollars.  If you can accept his personality for whom he is, and not take it personal- You will get some great care! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	0	Dr. BarLev was patronizing and abrupt when dealing with my sister and me. I felt that he thought less of us because we were women. He kept us waiting forever, and when he arrived, he was business-like, but lacked warmth that might have helped relax us a little under the circumstances of a cancer diagnosis. He also seemed annoyed by our questions. We were under enough stress without his dismissive behavior. I felt from the get go that he was writing our case off as a waste of his time.While he seems to know his area of oncology, he needs to improve his bed side manner, especially when dealing with women. He was quite gregarious with our brother when discussing the clinical aspects of the case, which made me think his behavior may have stemmed from his cultural upbringing. However, if he wishes to practice here, he needs to improve his relationships with all people. 	5	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	We called Dr. Bar Lev and told him I was in a porph attack, his nurse said for me to go the ER and he would meet me there. I took an ambulance there, was put in a room for him, he never showed up! The ER doctors kept calling him, he was in the hospital, but never came down, I laid there for 7 hours, freezing,unable to get to a phone for help-then I had to pay the ER bill, I wasn't on Medicare yet. Unbelievable, nightmare! Never received an apology or a phone call.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
33	1	During my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was a big help.Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Extremely friendly staff, very knowledgeable and welcoming.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	Fabulous surgeon with great office staff. Caring attitude with gifted hands.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:UPMC
35	1	WONDERFUL DOCTOR AND COMPASSIONATE.  NO COMPLICATIONS POST SURGERY. HELD MY HAND ON THE WAY TO THE OR. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Wonderful doctor, highly recommend 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	Secretarial staff is RUDE.  Recently called to make an appt and the woman who answered the phone basically argued with me about the validity of the social security number on file and refused to make an appt even though she already had all of the remaining info in her computer.  This was a delicate matter that required someone with compassion to answer the phone, and it was as if I was calling for a dinner reservation.  If you miss an appt with them, they will refuse to see you again.  Unbelievable arrogance amongst most of the staff...I feel bad for the compassionate staff who have to work with the rest of them.  Dr Bauer is a nice man, however that is simply not sufficient enough when in need of medical advice.  If you don't do your research &amp; ask the right questions, don't bank on him digging deeper on your behalf.  	1	3	2	2 	Insurance:Humana
37	1	I have been going to Dr. Bauer for over 15 years.  What a wonderful man.  What Docter nowadays calls you in the evening with your test results - nobody!  Getting an appointment is relatively easy.  Now recently married in the past 3 years, my husband sees him on a regular basis.  He had been an uncontrolled diabetic and heart patient.  After a few months, Dr. Bauer had him in control of his diabetes, does regular heart testing and other procedures on him.  I have acid reflux disease and Dr. Bauer diagnosed it perfectly and sent me to a specialist who concurred.  As a family practice doctor, we have had our share of problems and have always gone to him.  Again his diagnosis has been spot on and we would recommend him to anyone.  His staff does appropriate follow ups and if critical situation is occurring, gets you in for an appointment asap.  He seems to know when to refer you to a specialist, what he can handle and what he feels would be better with another. 	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	We have gone to Dr. Bauer for a long time,but are now looking for a new doctor. Almost seems like he is afraid to touch his patients,for example listening to heart . Seems to pass judgment on patients .Never asks how a person has been coping with long term conditions. When a person complains about ongoing problems does not suggest running other tests. Had a close friend who died from bone cancer because this doctor deceided he was just out of shape and didnot need anymore tests to find out source of his pain. He should realize it's not his job to judge people, but to try to cure them.  	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	-1	Secretarial staff seems to think they can diagnose you themselves and decide whether or not you need to talk to the doctor.  I called Dr. Bauer with concerns about side effects I was experiencing from a new prescription he wrote and he said &quot;what do you want me to do about it&#63;&quot;.  Since he's the doctor, I thought he should know rather than myself, the patient.   I'm not a complainer or hypochondriac.  As a result of my growing lack of confidence in him and frustration with his staff, I've decided to seek treatment elsewhere.  I can't recommend him to anyone.  	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
37	-1	Staff at clinic is very rude. I suffer from depression and Dr. Bauer told me that if I attended his church and believed more I would no longer be depressed.  	2	5	2	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
37	-1	Went to him years ago but still remember being treated rudely 	3	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
37	0	Dr Bauer is a typical GP, in other words very general. He will not rush you and he will not get too specific with you either. He may come across somewhat arrogant, which is not uncommon amongst doctors. I would recommend being specific with your complaints, because he won't look too hard for the problem. He is overall a nice doctor, and a Christian who won't hesitate to discuss end of life issues, which is nice. However, he will make it clear he knows more than you do, so like most medical care today, you are ultimately in charge of your own health.  	4	4	3	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
37	1	Dr. Bauer and his staff have been treating me and my family for over 20 years and has always been very helpful. If a specialist is needed he will refer you to one, and his staff will make the appointment for you. He never makes you feel like he is rushed during office visits.  		5	5	4 	Insurance:Humana
37	1	He has been my doctor since I was little and has always been very helpful and nice to me and my whole family. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	I have been going to Dr. Bauer for 8 years. He has treated my family and me for various illnesses and conditions and we have never had a complaint about his service, knowledge, or capabilities. I would recommend him to anyone without hesitation.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
37	-1	Dr. Bauer did not diagnose my father with cancer until my father came in to complain of the same pain for the 3rd time. My dad had a history of acid reflux, but Dr. Bauer did not inspect his esophogus on an anual basis as he should of. My father passed away because of this doctors negligence. Don't let this happen to your loved ones. STAY AWAY FROM HIM! 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Best doctor we have ever met.  He brings peace with all his knowledge and there is no existing match on earth for him.  We love him and thank him.  Lezama Family 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	What can you say about Dr. Becker&#63; This man is amazing!! He has such an incredible bedside manner. Nice in the office..a little on the late side most of the time in the office. But well worth the wait. He takes his time with his patients and actually LISTENS. His care goes well beyond the patient and extends to the family. Many many times when my husband was in the hospital, Dr Becker would come to check on him. His hugs and words of encouragement were priceless. If something was wrong in the hospital setting, one word to Dr Becker would rectify the problem. His wit is unmatched. His knowledge is endless. I recommend DR Becker to anyone who needs a heart Doctor.   ~Toni 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
38	1	If it were not for Dr.Becker, I may not have been able to make this comment.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
39	1	He is very patient and helps you understand what is going on. He doesn't talk down to you. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	She is amazing and very through. She listens to the patient and works with you to form a plan of action. She has an amazing bed side mannor. I would reccomend her to anyone looking for a cardiologist.  Great MD!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
41	1	One of the best doctors in Wisconsin or anywhere.  Takes the time to go the extra step to make sure you are treated correctly.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	The time to see me was an issue but it was not her fault. Dr. Barnabie was great and did great with my surgery. She was an excellent listener and I was pleased with her. I would have her again. Highly recommended. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	I have had two procedures performed by Dr Barnabei and feel she is a very skilled and caring Doctor. Although short and to the point at times she is very insightful and honest, this is greatly appreciated. I would and have recommended her to friends and family. 		5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	During my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was an amazing success!Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	I found Dr Barnabei to be cold, harsh and outright harmful in her care of me after performing gyn surgery. Because of her inability or unwillingness to diagnose and treat post-op infection I ended up needing a second, even more invasive, surgery. Her conduct during my treatment and convalescence was completely inappropriate. I do not recommend her for women needing gyn surgery. 		2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	She practices out of Froedtert Hospital through the Medical College of Wisconsin. Her attitude is stiff and cold, she fails to recognize life threatening medical conditions, and is known to abandon patients with post-op complications. 		3	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Very understanding, knowledgeable and helpful.  Has an excellent staff.  Is easy to approach, his treatments are very helpful.  I heighly reccomend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
44	-1	I was humiliated when I was sent away because I did not have insurance. I thought this was a catholic charity hospital.He spent 5 minutes with me and then stated he could not do anything else than the other doctors, my gynocologist. I thought he was a specialist&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	The best, the very best 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	excellent doctor, she is very knowledgble. very compationate with her patirnt. I would recommend her for all my family and friends.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
47	1	I am very appreciative of Dr. Bathke!  I, at the age of 18, was referred to Dr. Bathke by my primary physician.  Even though I was a young mother, her level of care was unparallelled.  Now,  at the age of 27 finding my own OBGYN in Charlotte, NC has proven to be hard.  She is a wonderful, informative doctor no matter what the circumstances and she will be an excellent  resource and companion throughout your pregnancy!  I can't say enough about her character!  Very professional and always willing to help :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	Dr. Bathke has been my OB/GYN since 2003, when my previous OB Dr. Kronman left the area.  She was wonderful for my fourth pregnancy and so supportive; in fact, we both had three children around the same age and were pregnant at the same time, although she had twins (numbers 4 and 5!).  So we related to each other very well and I can't say enough about how caring and helpful she is.  I look forward to my annual visits with her now and miss seeing her on regular basis (but, with four children, we are D-O-N-E).  To the reviewer who disagreed with Kris's choices as a woman/mother, I have to say that I also made different choices then she did for myself (I breastfed and had natural-drug free childbirths), but I found her as a Dr. to be completely supportive of my choices and totally non-judgmental.  I would (and have) recommended her as a dr. to my friends.  She's awesome!  :) 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	I cannot say enough how fantastic Dr. Bathke has been for me and my family. She is caring, knowledgeable, and even though she is obviously very busy, makes you feel like you are her only patient. She delivered both of my baby girls and if we go for a third I will be back again in a heartbeat. I have full confidence in her abilities as a physician, and greatly appreciate her calm bedside manner. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	I had Dr Bathke for my first pregnancy and will be going to her again for my current pregnancy.  I had been referred to her as the clinic's 'fertility specialist' because I needed to have a laposcopy done.  She must have done a good job because a couple months later I was pregnant (after a year of trying!) and this time it only took 2 months.  I have been very happy with the care I have received from her.  Yes, she shared her experiences with her births with me, but I never felt pressured by her to do things the way she did.  She offered me information to help me make my own decisions.  The only complaint is that she can run late, but most Drs do.  It can be hard to get in for a last minute appointment, but I think that is because she has many patients.  I would definitely recommend her for a doctor. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	Dr. Bathke is one of the best doctors I have ever seen. My husband and I have both been very very happy with her throughout our pregnancy. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	Dr. Bathke was the best dr I have ever seen! I had a horrible 1st pregnancy w/ a different dr and saw Kris for my 2nd and she calmed all of my fears and had an incrediable 2nd pregnancy! she was VERY flexable from her appts to the c-section date and very open! I have already sent other people to her and will contine recommending her to everyone I meet! I lost my insurance that provides me to see her but I am thinking about skiping the new insured dr and just paying cash just so I can see Dr.  Bathke! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
47	1	This is my 2nd birth and she was the on call dr that delivered for my first. She was soo great then that I decided to go with her this time around. She answers all my questions, and is VERY likable. I would recommend her to all my friends. Her and her staff are GREAT!....Speaking to the person that left a comment below, Dr. Bathke has twins, speaking as a Mom of twins, it's is VERY difficult to breast feed twins. And in case you were wondering this is a site for rating doctors not rating other parents! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	So helpful, kind and understanding. Even when she knew I would be transferring to a different city and different hospital system she was always helpful and treated me with respect. I always felt comfortable asking her questions and she just went out of her way to be kind. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	-1	Bathke was my OB for both of my pregnancies. For the first, I knew very little and went mainly by her wishes - I ended up with a traumatic birth experience, that in part, is due to my ignorance and trusting nature. Second time around, I was a birth professional before I gave birth, and Bathke seemed dismissing and short with me. My birth was much better, as I did not end up birthing with her or her partners. Also - she has circumcised all of her sons, stating the reason of 'not wanting them to be made fun of' and did not breastfeed any of her children. She also induced all pregnancies for convenience. I find all of the above unethical, knowing the health implications as she should. 	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	Bathke is a very flexible OB, and I've used her with the birth of both of my children. (Though I ended up getting a partner with my first, and had a planned homebirth with my second.) She completely respects my knowledge and choices, and has made an effort to change her routine practices to suit my 'hands-off' preference. I would love to have her attend my births, but I believe she is still held under hospital policy and insurance restrictions. I would highly recommend her to anyone. 	1	2	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	Best OB/GYN in Madison. Unbelievable bedside manner. Very compassionate and understanding. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	This doctor is very knowledgeable and very understanding and compassionate with women. Will listen to what you have to say and works with you. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	-1	Had to wait over 30 minutes. Did resolve what I came there for.  	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Medicare
48	1	. she talks to you she takes her time and really cares 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
49	1	I felt very comfortable and all my questions were answered.  Nice Dr.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
50	-1	Dr. Beatse could have been responsible for the loss of my baby. He ignored all the red flags and all my complaints. It is only my own instincts that may have saved his life. PLEASE go elsewhere!! 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	I am not a fan, this is short version. I developed AFLP under his care. AFLP (Acute Fatty Liver of Pregnancy)is a rare condition,a rare life-threatening complication of pregnancy that occurs in the third trimester or the immediate period after delivery. I certainly do not fault him for my condition, I only fault him for not listening to me and potentially diagnosing me sooner than delivery, coma, liver transplant list. I expressed my discomfort throughout the end of 2nd, beginning of 3rd trimester. He repeatedly said to me &quot;It's third pregnancy syndrome&quot; a syndrome he created simply because our bodies are typically are more sensitive in 3rd pregnancy, maybe&#63; I feel due to his oversights and not listening (the sad thing is I would already feel awkward complaining, even when I would say something is wrong, it was dismissed. Even after the traumatic event (Dr Kate delivered me), almost 3 weeks in ICU, you think he would have called to check on me&#63; No. My baby &amp; I survived HIS oversight. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	He did surgery on me and the mesh already eroded after 3 years. I am not the only patient going through added procedures because of him and he continues to use the same mesh. He has NO right to be practicing at all. He needs to  stop... 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	From the very first visit (a referral from my primary care physician), Dr. Beatse and his nurse were very warm and understanding.  They made me feel as though I had been a patient for years!  Would highly recommend Dr. Beatse. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	Not only is Dr. Beatse excellent but I love his nurse, Mary also. I also had to call the triage nurse once and she was very helpful and extremely patient. You always seem like the most important person that is there! I wouldn't have another baby without them! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	Excellent doctor. He takes the time to listen to you and answer all questions. Very personable and caring. I've had many appointments with him because of infertility issues, and he never disappointed. Office staff is excellent as well. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	I ask a lot. He either had the answer or found the answer. Care and compassion are top quality. I've been through many different kinds of MDs, so it takes a lot to impress me. I'm impressed. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	Excellent OB, very direct, treated me great.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
50	1	Pretty good for an OB. Takes time, doesn't brush off questions, gets to know his patients. Doesn't treat you condescendingly. 		4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	Very direct and to the point; took time to answer all questions; carefully considered my requests and needs. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	he was the best dr i have had for my back and hip.......  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
51	1	excellent physician.  his treatment plan worked extremely well.  I would highly reccomend him to others.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
51	-1	'back pain 	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	Although Dr. Bailey does not do adjustments, his deep tissue massage procedures helped me with my back and neck pain when PT and yoga did not help.  The medical injections did little to help me. The visits were limited and he did not ask that I return time after time.  But if I had additional issues, I should call.  More than satisfied.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	Dr Bailey is always very helpful and knowledgeable.  Explains what he is doing and teaches me.  Instead of a 5 minute adjustment he manipulates and then adjusts as needed.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
52	1	I have gone to Dr. Bailey for about 3-4 years as needed.  He has been helpful at getting me in for 'emergency' visits and has always given me great results in pain releif and education of my muscle systems.  I have unique health concerns and he has been able to assist me in managing pain and flexibility.  He uses a variety of treatments, massage, ultrasound, and traditional manipulation.  He shows genuine conern for his patients. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	-1	Why is this man listed as a chiropractor&#63;  He does not do any chiropractic adjustments.  He only does “muscle manipulation”.  What a waste of time and money.  I let him “manipulate” my muscles for several appointments and it solved nothing.  He refuses to do any standard chiropractic adjustments and spends most of your office visit explaining his unique views on the human body.  What a WASTE of time and money. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	i have good experience with dr bautista. i highly recommend him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	This has got to be the saddest, poorest most ridiculous excuse for a doctor I've ever seen in my life.  He can't speak plain english so when he gives you a incorrect diagnosis you don't know what the hell he's talking about anyway.  He is extremely short and doesn't listen to the patient but instead talks over you.  Where the heck did he get his license in the first place....kmart&#63; 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	yes i had dr baskaya in 2007 he operated on me for anusium. was in the uw for 1mon..  and would see him frqeuntly at least once a yr for 5yrs. very caring person and polite very intelligent. if ever i would need a doc of his prfession   i would want him trust him very much never met a more nicer person hope he continues to practice for yrs to come  hope to meet him again some day but under different conditions . i try to mkeep in contact  but dont want to bother him .  and when i had surgery he explained what was going on with my family. what he was going to do. so i recovered so far no malfunctions. so im thinking he did great. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	was tom see dr baskaya on the 12th and he excused me from his care.if i ever go through this again i would request for dr baskaya to be my doctor he was excellent and very caring and polite   and also intelegent.  have hread a lot of aRTICLES ON HIM AND WHOMEVER HAS HIM FOR A DOCTOR HAS A VERY GOOD ONE.  phyllis 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
54	1	the best of the best.Would go back to Dr. Baskaya again 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	very good doctor had an anutisum was at uw for mon and dr baskaya did veryn well 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Very thorough, and extremely knowledgeable. Excellent bedside manner. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Dr Balin is SUPERB. Harvard educated but extremely down to earth. Very knowledgeable. Beloved by staff and patients alike. Always got me in promptly when I needed it. I like him and respect him enormously. If I could somehow capture 10% of what he has, i would be golden! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Dr Balin is the best doctor I have ever had. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	What an amazing pediatrician!  We found her information on the Internet and, my, were the reviews right!  She was caring, knowledgeable, and on time.  My son has had some bad experiences with doctors and he warmed to her immediately!    She took the time to talk to me and took my concerns seriously.    We are so lucky to have found her:) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
57	1	When looking for a pediatrician we set up a few interviews.  The office was very helpful and after we interviewed Dr. Bagnall we stopped looking.  She is very personable and yet professional.  She, or someone in the office, is always available to answer questions regardless of time of day.  We have always been able to get a same day appt. if our child is sick and we never have to wait long in the office.  Another thing I particularly like about Dr. Bagnall is that she does not push medication or practices on you.  She listens to your concerns and goes about giving your child the best possible treatment for whatever ails them.  Whether it be medication or suggesting something as simple as prune juice in their bottle.  We are expecting our 2nd child soon and are so thankful to have Dr. Bagnall around for our soon to be 2 children.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
57	1	Dr.  Bagnall and everyone in the office are amazing! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	. She is great I would recommend her to any of my friends, and have! 	1	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
58	-1	This doctor was full of gloom and doom. She upset my family with her opinion of how my surgery was going to turn out. We first met her 10 mins. before my surgery. My surgery went very well, just as my REAL doctor's said it would. Find out who your anesthesiologist is going to be well before your surg. Check them out and stay away from this one. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
58	-1	Worst doctor I have ever had. Will report her, and am following up with a lawsuit. She forced my partner out of the room, and I specifically said he HAD to be there. She should NOT be practicing ANY type of practice.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
58	1	I thought she was pretty nice. I was scared and she assured me that everything was going to be alright. I met her for the first time in the holding room, right before they take you into the operating room. I asked her about her creditials and she was replied openly and honestly. She was not shocked by any of the questions I asked about her knowledge and experience. She asked me questions about my health and made me feel comfortable. I really can't complain about this doctor at all. 		3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	. Very informative, gentle always has his patients best interest in mind 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
59	1	repaired my child's acl injury. quiet confidence, calm, well-informed.  best rated in Milwaukee magazine.  Doesn't push surgery.  not hustling and schmoozing for patients.  great result.  explains procedures well.  would use again. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	Best kept secret in Milwaukee area.  Doesn,t have to schmooze to get patients.  They find him.  This is who all the docs' families go to.  Offers options besides surgery, not hard sell.  Has a plan, so you as patient can just relax and get better. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	Never hurried; extremely gentle, patient and thorough; explains well. Always seems to know about newest procedures and techniques, and will explain why he will or will not use them. If for a chronic condition there is little or nothing that can be done surgically or medically, he will say so, and suggest exercises to strengthen the area. 		4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	The best neuro surgeon I have ever met in 35 years.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:BC Med
60	1	Flawless!  I was in a snowmobile accident and she spent 17 straight hours personally removing bone fragments from my back.  In follow up she explained everything more than once when the medication prevented me from retaining the details.  She is definitely a type A neurosurgeon! And I wouldn't have it any other way. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	After a snowmobile accident, I was life-flighted to Froedtert Hospital where Dr. Baisden did a craniotomy due to a subdural hematoma and brain shift.  She saved my life.....what more can I say.  She is a gifted, talented surgeon and I thank God she was on call the night of my accident.  Thank you many times over.  I only saw her again one time in follow up to the surgery.  She was very  pleasant, answered all of my questions and was genuinely pleased with my progress and (I believe) her expertise.  Again, had it not been for Dr. Baisden's expertise, I would not be alive today.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	What more could you ask for - Dr. Baisden is a great surgeon, plus she spends tons of time with you.  She is extremely down to earth.  I'm extremely happy with the results I've had from my surgery. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	I have been visiting Dr. Behlmer for six years -- nearly 12 visits in all. NEVER again. He has not done anything to help with sensitivity I've complained of for all that time. It's always an excuse like &quot;maybe the hygienist cleaned too hard&quot; or some such thing. So, I've decided to find another dentist before I waste any more of my time and my insurance company's money. I called for records for a new dentist. All they gave me was a statement. Then, I asked for a duplicate of x-rays. They were supposed to have them ready for me by noon on Tuesday. I showed up at noon and there was a sign on the door that they were out of the office until 12:15 pm. So, I returned at 12:15 pm and they had nothing ready for me. I hope this is the last time I ever have to set foot in their office. Their customer service is deplorable at best. There was a woman in the lobby filling out &quot;new patient&quot; paperwork--all I wanted to do was yell &quot;run away and go elsewhere if you truly value your dental health&quot;.  	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
61	-1	Went to Dr. B for years.  Kept having fillings and crowns fall out, usually shortly after being placed in.  One time it happened, went to another dentist who said it was because there was underlying decay in the new crown which hadn't been drilled out before placement.  I'd had full mouth x-rays done two months prior and Dr. B said there were no problems; this dentist discovered 12 cavities (and showed me them on the x-rays), many underneath fillings done by Dr. B over the past couple of years, including one that was advanced enough where tooth had to be pulled.  Dr. B is nice and personable, as is his staff, but he needs to get his eyes checked. 	4	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	She is an extremely nice doctor.  She cares A LOT about her patients and she will do everything that she can to help you.  I do not know what I would do without her.  She always makes time for her patients.  She really goes out of her way to help you and will never give up on you. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	-1	Urgent care Doctor. Useless. Didn't bother to read chart nurse filled out prior. Answered most questions with &quot;I don't know&quot; suggested over the counter Meds. Later visit to real Dr. turned out to be severe ear infection.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	-1	Dont call for refills on Fridays, Don't call for refills until you count the pills you have left. Told me I am on too much meds and then wrote a script for another. Have actually been in an argument that left me in tears and slamming doors on my way out. Receptionist has reprimanded me. Worth every cent 0. 00 	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
64	-1	A very uncaring person. She's not interested in your problems. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	cares about people...... Good doctor for your back and bones. 		3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	I am *very* happy with all the care Dr. Baranski has ever given me over the last 9 years. Goodness, what more needs be said&#63; I would put my full faith &amp; trust in him again should I ever move back to that part of the country. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	Excellent service, patient and professional. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	This Doctor is fantastic with both young and old people. My family has used him for years and he provides the best eye care around. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	great chiro,  friendly and always available for his patients.    I've never felt better 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	-1	.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
70	1	In 1990, I saw Dr. Battaglia as a troubled teenager. He was immensely helpful. I credit him with gently bringing me out of a long childhood depression and inspiring me to go into the helping professions myself.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
70	-1	distracted doctor confused patients history.  not enjoyed by his staff 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
70	-1	Battaglia does not hear patients. Listens, but doesn't understand them.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
70	-1	Prescribes for illnesses he holds little experience with.  His &quot;expertise&quot; could be his major fault.  	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
70	-1	. I feel the doctor only heard half of what I told him, and added too much &quot;clinical&quot; knowledge to comments made by patient 	5	5	1	3 	Insurance:Medicare
70	0	. Consistantly over prescribes medications for my bi-polar condition resulting in serious side effects & poor judgment 	5	5	1	4 	Insurance:Medicare
70	1	Dr. Battaglia is an expert resource for Mendota Mental Health out-patients to ensure their medications and services provided for those clients is followed through with great experience and knowledge by his team of nurses and support staff.  This is a very dedicated of team of people that includes the PT's families and the dedication to their work not seen anywhere else in Dane County.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
71	1	Dr. Bechard is very friendly and listens.  We were very happy with the care he gave to our young son who needed tonsils and adenoids out, and ear tubes placed. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	He came very highly rated, but the good doctor seems like he has a few screws loose. His exam was rather cursory, even though I told him I have had basal cells remove before. He seemed more interested in commenting on how &quot;lovely&quot; my skin was than anything else. I asked him if he was flirting with me, and he replied, &quot;Maybe a little.&quot; He correctly diagnosed a spot on my shoulder I was worried about as just surface blood vessels, but said I had no need of annual skin exams, which I have always been told every one at risk for skin cancer should have, especially someone who has had it before.  Then he went way off topic, and started pushing a vitamin supplement agenda, which, when I checked after I got home, recommended dangerous levels, in some cases. I will not be returning to him. My internist said she will recommend someone else next year. 	 10/11/11	4	2	4	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	Great staff, is always running behind though as I think he likes to talk quite a bit.  Very knowledgeable and friendly. 	5	1	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Very complete in her questions, takes her time.  Has a wide range of knowledge. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	Can't say enough great things about Dr. Baek and his staff. He fixed 4 disks in my neck in 2 surgeries. He's very thorough and ALWAYS on time for his appointments. He listens to all of your concerns and answers all of your questions. His staff makes you feel comfortable as soon as you walk in the door. All phone calls are returned promptly.  	 3/5/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
74	1	Dr. Baek was able to repair my L5 back problem quickly in an outpatient procedure.  I am very satisfied with the outcome. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	-1	Absolute worst visit to a doctor I have ever had.  Did not have any real knowledge of the issue I came to him for and he left the room so abruptly that I didn't even know the appointment was over!  I waited for 15 minutes till the nurse came in to tell me I could go.  There was no resolution, he didn't give me any tips or things to try at home.  I would never see this doctor again and am actually considering changing clinics all together.  Disappointing.  	1	2	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	-1	 	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
76	-1	I had to deal with this guy b/c he was the company doc.  I hurt my shoulder at work and had to see him.  If I would have been paying for it and not work comp, I would have stopped seeing him after the 2nd visit.  I saw him 5 or 6 times over a 6 month time frame.  His diagnoses changed 3 times as to what was wrong with my shoulder.  On the last visit, he said he was going to refer me to an orthopedic surgeon, finally. But, he said he wanted to do a cortisone injection. He said that it would be what the surgeon would do, so instead he would do it.  Needless to say, he stuck the needle into the bone so deep that it covered the opening. So when he pressed down on the plunger nothing was coming out. So he pushed harder, still nothing, so he pushed harder and the needle and plunger exploded. The two separated and sprayed cortisone on both of us. Other guys at work have had problems too, not quite this bad though.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
77	1	Absolutely love him! He is so kind and caring... and an excellent surgeon. I highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
77	1	Dr. Bartos is a fantastic doctor and surgeon. He's willing to listen to you, he's very dedicated, and he explains things completely - making sure that you understand what's being said. He has treated me for two issues (one of which required a laparoscopic surgery); he's also seen my sister and my father...and everyone loved him! I would highly recommend him to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
78	1	He is a goodsend. He is so attentive and answers all my questions. He immediately sends my to specialists that I need and will forward me to PT whenever I ask. A dream to work with. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	-1	Horrible Office. They scheduled an appointment at 10:30 with me, had changed it to 10:15 without my knowledge, and when I arrived AFTER being checked in, they called me back and criticied me infront of the entire waiting room for being past 15 minutes late. (Which was false). I explained I've been waiting to see him for a long time and have been in the ER over 12 times the last 2 weeks and the nurse, Dr. Bains, and the receptionist still refused to serve me. I will never recommend this poor quality for unprofessional staff or his services. They do not care about their patients health. This is a &quot;all-for-the-money&quot; office. Not an understanding one. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	Manmeet Bains is an excellent Dr.  She doesn't just touch base and leave.  She thoroughly tries to understand the patients issue/problem; and finds the appropriate tests and treatments for the patient. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	I thought Dr. Becker and his staff were absolutely wonderful! I visited the Franklin location and all were extremely friendly and Dr. Becker was very helpful and patient. Never made me feel like he was waiting to leave as many Dr's do sometimes! I would highly recommend this Dr.! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	Very helpful, super nice and answered all my questions, friendly staff, no wait, nicest doctor I've ever been to 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	-1	I was a patient of his for MANY years.  My last visit was truly odd and very disturbing.  I have adult acne and I was told there was nothing else he could do for me.  I said there must be something else we could try, and he said, &quot;well there is a gun shop down the street&quot;.  I was so stunned I just stayed for the rest of my appointment, went home, but called the next day and told his staff what had transpired.  They were very apologetic, but I never went back there again.  I am now seeing another doctor who did find a way to help me.  Be aware, education is not the only thing that matters.  Ask around first.  	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	-1	Dr.Barsky left me sitting in a chair for nine hours while my hair transplant procedure was being done by a technician, ( it was the first time the tech had performed the procedure). At my initial consultation I had informed Dr.Barsky that I had Multiple Sclerosis. But, he did not care about letting me sit there for a nine hour operation! I felt sorry for the tech ... all by himself ... trying to do his best. He kept appologizing to me. All the while Dr. Barsky was in an adjacent room performing surgeries on others. I was told at my initial consultation that my surgery would take four hours. After my nine hour surgery I went home and vomited repeatedly for next 36 hours. I called the doctor to ask why I was so sick and was told that I had had a fair amount of Lidocaine and that can make you vomit. I would not have had so much Lidocaine if my surgery had not gone on so long ... requiring repeat doses of Lidocaine! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
82	-1	Neck & face lift left me heavily scarred on face & chin, numb, permanent facial neuralgia, bags under chin & on cheek bones, high cheeks lowered off of cheekbones. My concerns were met by Dr. Barsky with defensiveness and not taken seriously.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	I saw doctor Barsky every week, 3 days a week for 6 months. On every visit he was personable, caring and worked very hard to improve the quality of my health. Very dedicated. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	I've been a patient for Dr. Barsky's for 10 yrs & have always been happy with my care. Recently, I've needed to address issues with spider veins on my legs & hyperpigmentation on my face. I'd never trust anyone other than Dr. Barsky to work on me. He & his staff were very patient, caring, & kind with these slightly uncomfortable procedures. I'm very happy with the results & even more with how I was treated. I highly recommend Dr. Barsky. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	-1	HAD TO HAVE A REAL PLASTIC SURGEON REDO SKIN CANCER SURGERY TO SALVAGE MY EAR.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
82	1	Small procedure but same reasonable care.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unicare
83	-1	Totally clueless and disrespectful.  Lied about my condition and treatment options available to me.  Actually she never made me a part of the treatment decision process.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
84	-1	Very Flip - did not take any time to review records before appointment.  Almost dangerous in her lack of detail. She was very fast - like she had been doing for so many years, that the details of a specific case were not important.  	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	0	Saw Dr. Barrett twice now and hope I will never need to see her again, reason being if you are just seeing her for a follow-up or a problem she finds minor you will be rushed out the door in a matter of minutes without an explanation. We go to cardiac doctors because we are afraid when something is going wrong with our hearts. Without medical training chest pains, shortness of breath etc..is scary. But obviously not to a doctor. Dr. Barrett is great if there is a problem to be solved or a medical procedure she can do on you but otherwise not the best with patients. 	4	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
84	0	Dr. Barrett is very skilled at what she does and did save my life a few years back, but her bedside manner and 30 second exams have made me stop seeing her and start looking for a new doctor of cardiology. I would prefer a doctor who will take the time to listen and answer my questions. 	3	3	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	This Dr. kept telling me to come in if I had painl  The pain was approx. a 8 on the scale so I followed his advice.  The last time I was in there he said it was healed and I should not have an pain and to go to my dentist.  When I called my Dentist, he was on vacation and when I asked to see someone else, I was told to go back to Dr. Bascik and when I did Dr Bascik had someone call my dentist and then I was told by his assistant that he would give me pain pills, but this was the last time.  I told the assistant that I felt like he was lying about the pain and he was accusing me of being an addict.  This is totally false.  He needs to learn a better bed side manner. 	5	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
86	-1	I could write a book about this man. I can't believe how many people gave him such great reviews. I saw him for years before becoming pregnant, went through surgery with him, and saw him for two pregnancies. Before I got pregnant I loved him. Then when I started going more often I came to find he was very inconsistent. He would say one thing at an appointment and another thing the next time. He got impatient during my daughters delivery so he used a forceps to get her out. He wanted to induce me at 39 weeks because he was going on vacation and when I ended up going into labor on my own, he completely missed my sons delivery because he got impatient again, only this time he LEFT while I was pushing claiming I was nowhere near delivery.  My son was born minutes later.  The nurse almost delivered him because the floor doctor was busy assisting with a c-section at the time. I've also seen him be incredibly rude to his nurses. I have since found a new doctor and am much happier.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
86	-1	We had a horrible experience with him where he first tried to blame a nurse for his mistake, and then when that was found out he blamed another doctor.  My cousin's neighbor is a Labor nurse at West Allis and she says that the doctors who go to high-risk deliveries only go to a few deliveries every day but they always go to all of his.  	5	4	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
86	1	At 42, we were pregnant with our 3rd child, and I found out my OB of 20 yrs. had suddently retired. Dr. Bear was rec. by a friend, and it was a blessing in diguise. After a very high risk preg. &amp; pre-term labor since 13 weeks, Dr. Bear called me at home to check in often. He explained why things were happening &amp; reassured me when things were scary. I made it to my due-date when baby wasn't moving much. Dr. Bear came in on his day off, broke my water, and came back to the hospital shortly after. He stayed the whole time. While delivering, my baby got stuck and her heart stopped. Dr. Bear had to use both hands to pull her out. He resuscitated her, and we have our beautiful daughter today. She just celebrated her 1st b-day, and I know without Dr. Bear, she wouldn't be here with us today. He's also been amazing with post-preg hormone issues &amp; post-partum depression. He's worth a waiting room wait.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
86	1	I loved Dr. Bear, He made me feel so comfortable to have a c-section when we found out my son was breech. He was lovely to my fiance and I was so happy that he delivered my son. His bedside manner is AMAZING!!! I recommend him to all my friends and family if they ever get pregnant. My mother recommended me to him, since he delivered all 3 of her kids besides myself. I know I will go back if I have another child. THANKS DR. BEAR!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	Dr. Bear happened to be the dr. on call the night my daughter was born. He was so wonderful in the delivery room - patient, kind, kept the mood light, really seemed to care even though I had never met him before that night.  After our daughter was born, my husband and I decided that I should switch OBs and go to him fulltime. I am so glad I made that decision. I've also recommended him to other people I know, and they, too, have had nothing but wonderful things to say about him.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
86	1	Dr Bear is a wonderful Doctor to have.  I have never felt so comfortable with any other Doctor.  He does his best to make you feel as comfortable as possible.  His positive attitude is very uplifting in times of need.  I would recommend him to anyone.  You will not be disappointed.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
86	-1	It is not a competent physician at all.  Would not go back or recommend him to anybody. 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	Dr. Bear is a wonderful doctor i have seen him since August he is there for his patients, he is very helpful. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	Dr. Bear is the best doctor I have ever went to, hands down, for anything.  He did my tubal ligation for me when no one else wouldn't and made me feel entirely comfortable with the whole surgical procedure.   I will definitely be seeing him until he retires! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
86	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Bear's for a couple of years now. When my husband and I decided we wanted to start trying for a baby I went off of birth control and began experiencing terrible lower abdominal pain. I had every procedure under the sun and no one could figure out what was wrong with me. My GI doctor even suggested that the pain was &quot;all in my head.&quot; Dr. Bear got me in for laparoscopic surgery within a matter of days and found I had endometriosis and ovarian cysts. Ever since he “cleaned me out&quot; I have been feeling so much better. As a result of my endo my husband and I have been having a hard time conceiving. Dr. Bear has been a wonderful resource and has referred us to a great specialist. As others have said, Dr. Bear makes you feel as though he really does care and he will not hesitate to call you at night and on the weekends to check in.  He is by far the best doctor I have ever had and I can only hope that he will deliver one of my babies in the very near future! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
86	1	Dr. Bear is the most caring, compassionate doctor I've ever seen.  After going to a female doctor for infertility issues I switched to Dr. Bear.  He constantly calls to check up on me, even calling sometimes on a Sunday afternoon.  You never feel rushed during your visits and he has the best bedside manner I've ever had with any physician. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	Dr. Bear delivered all 4 of my children and helped me through 2 miscarriages and postpartum depression. He is very kind, caring, understanding, intelligent, and considerate. He helped us connect with a surgeon for our youngest dayghter who had a cleft lip. (he telephoned and got us right in!) I travel a distance to see Dr. Bear. He is worth the trip. Also, before I had any children and I was uncomfortable with the exam, it was Dr. Bear who suggested that my husband attend appointments with me. My husband said Dr. Bear is very professional and never made him feel awkward. Eventually, I didn't need my husband there with me. And, once I started having children the relationship between Dr. Bear and my husband had already been formed, so the delivery room was a super experience! Dr. Bear has laughed with me. He has also cried with me. And, more than that... he has cared about me and my babies! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	I had gone to Dr Bear for a 2nd opinion when I had overian cancer he was wonderful and did all things nessesary to correct the problume.  Unfortunatly I am now married and my husband did not feel comfortable with Dr Bear I wish I could go back to Dr Bear he is wonderful but I dont want to deal with my husband beind insecure 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
86	1	Makes you feel cared about, cared for, important and special. Can't say enough good things about him.  I would drive 200  miles if I had to to have him remain my doc.  And ladies, if you are premenopausal or post menopausal he's all about your comfort, health and emotional well-being. I cannot imagine why women prefer seeing women doctors...no female doc would ever be this wonderful to you.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
86	1	dr. bear is a wonderful person. he delivered my son, as well as other stuff for my health. i would truly recommend this doctor to anyone who asked. very personable, knoweledgeable, and if he didn't know, would go out of his way to find the answer.. no matter how small.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
86	1	Dr. Bear has been my OB/GYN for 6 of my 7 children, including a very high-risk pregnancy, and he has been great with each!  Very caring and skilled.  Would recommend him very highly. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	Dr. Bear has an awesome bedside manner. He consistently spends enough time during my visits to listen and address any/all of my concerns. I have gone to him for 2 pregnancies and he delivered both of my children. I'd very very highly recommend him!!! 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	0	he gave me diagnosis over phone. he did not do the surgical procedure he said he was going to do, he did half of it. i did not see him at the hospital at all. he did not greet me or address me prior to procedure and when i woke up he was long gone. my follow up at office was done by his associate.  		3	3	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
87	1	Dr. Bartell is amazing. Really, just an awesome person, and an awesome person to talk to with a lot of perspective. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Dr. Bedi is an excellent DR.  I had an unusual condition and I went to see her and with her figuring out my condition, I am living a much better life.  She now sees my baby girl too.  She seems to really care about her job.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
88	-1	I recently had a health scare. I was upset about it. See gave me a prescription for an antidepressant and told me it had no side effects. First off I have not ever been diagnosed as clinically depressed, and she is not a psychiatrist, her only evaluation was based on my emotional state at the time. Which is ridiculous. Secondly, antidepressants would not have helped the true cause of the problem I was having, it may have made things worse and got me hooked on a scary drug. Thirdly, there are horrible side effects reported with the drug she gave me.    So using my better judgment I threw the  prescription away. I saw another doctor, who listened to me. I now feel better. I am never going to see Dr. Bedi again. This proved to me that she has poor judgment and/or was trying to make money from the pharmaceutical companies. Putting my well being at risk. It’s unfortunate that we can’t trust our own doctors. 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Dr.Bedi was very helpful.  My daughter saw her for a 2nd opinion.  She did refer her to another endocrinologist but she acknowledged my daughter's symptoms along with her previous tests results, something her 1st dr. has failed to do. She was prompt, polite and listened actively and gave us more options than the 1st doctor. 	5	5	5	3 	Insurance:Unknown
88	-1	poor bedside manner, insensitive, uncaring, rushing, hard to understand. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	Have been seeing Dr. Beatty for over 2 years now, he is one of few doctors that I would trust.  Any questions that we have had, he has answered and will give you an honest answer every time.  He will not **** foot around the subject or question.  He has called and spoken to us after hours w/o any problems and he has been more than happy to speak w/us.  His check ups are complete and if there are any concerns he will address them. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	-1	I've seen him for several appointments. Dr. Beatty is often rushed and acts confused at appointments. He is not up on the latest in medical research. His bedside manner leaves much to be desired. Does not like to answer questions. Kinda moody. 	4	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	She is great - she is currently doing some administrative things so is less available but is wonderful when you can get in to see her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	I thought she was the best doctor I had ever used until she missed some very important things that didn't get diagnosed until she was on maternity leave and I had to see someone else. For general family med I would still recommend her. 		4	4	3 	Insurance:Unknown
91	-1	I felt his office was unsanitary, wondered if he even sterilized his nail cutter before using it on me. I found he &quot;talked the talk&quot; but didn't &quot;walk the walk&quot;.  He completely forgot why he saw me the first time and insisted my shoes were the wrong size (i am an ADULT) I can tell if my shoes fit. No one measures a shoe sitting in a chair! He told me about a women who had lost alot of weight and what a great figure she had, which I found sexist and unappropriate.  I find it annoying that he doesn't even close the exam room door for privacy. I figured he likes to hear himself talk so much, he considers the waiting room patients his audience.  No thanks = stay clear of this freak.  Will never go back!! Seems like a guy to make a fast insurance buck and that's it, besides like to hear himself talk.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
91	1	My experience with Dr. Balkanski was quite amazing. I work on my feet all day and he addressed my issue very thorough!! I followed his instructions to the T and I was back to work in full swing. I highly recommend this physician for any type of podiatry ailment. Alan is personable and has a great sense of humor,but he can be curt at times. Overall he marks 4 out of 5.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
91	-1	I would not recommend this dr.  Didn't spend more than 15 minutes with me, most of which he told me how bad my previous doctors were. He didn't listen to what I was saying about my foot, just kept interrupting with how I was misdiagnosed in the past and how mad that made him. He also records information about the patient he just got done with on a recorder, by the waiting room, so everyone waiting gets to hear confidential information about other patients.  Not professional. 	5	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
91	-1	This doctor is by far the worst doctor I have ever seen for my foot and ankle pain. He gave me a diatribe of the previous doctors I had seen for my foot problems saying they should be ashamed of the advice and medical opinions they had given to me. He As well said he wouldn't give me a cortisone shot for the state doesn't pay him enough to treat Title 19 patient. Please for your own good don't go this man masquerading as a health care professional. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	I did not have a good visit with this doctor. To the point of not trusting. This is very sad because I used to hold high reguard for doctors.I think trust was thrown out the window for me. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	Dr. Bade is an amazing doctor. She is patient and very bright. She spends time and asks questions to understand symptoms. I am sorry is leaving Milwaukee.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
94	1	Very knowledgeable and kind, listened to my concerns and took care of things right away 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	-1	I sought counseling at Melinda's clinic when I was a teen. I felt sad after our exchange student left. She would only see me with my parents and with her husband Jack as cotherapist in family counseling. In eight months, we never got back to my sad feelings, which resolved on their own. Instead, they either sat silent or took turns insulting my parents. My parents weren't professionals, but they were intelligent and knowledge working people who deserved better. We were too respectful of professional people to fight back against this kind of abuse, and we just kept going back because they told us to. After eight months of this--and after they tried to convince us we needed 5 YEARS of family counseling, we saw the light and left. We had been reluctant to see both of them due to cost, but they reassured us that insurance would cover it if they billed for all 3 of us. The insurance flagged this as excessive and refused to pay. So the money had to come out of my college fund. 	4	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	Very thorough and caring.  Helped me with two female issues and performed surgery.  Excellent results.  I have a lot of confidence in her abilities.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
96	1	Very caring and knowledgeable doctor. Hard to get into though. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	0	 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	Great Anesthesia doctor! He is friendly and will take good care of you while you are asleep. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	. Very Good Anesthesia Doctor 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	-1	 	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
100	-1	See also comment his wife Melinda. He seemed unable to be assertive without his wife present. They strung us along for months under false pretenses. Never little benefit despite months of work together. 	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
