dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Dr. Jensen is such a nice man, with such an unassuming, friendly bedside manner and lovely rapport with children it's easy to forget he's a brilliant surgeon.  He operated on my daughter's very disfiguring hemangioma on her face, redoing an entire lip.  His work is extraordinary, and he gave my little girl back her pretty little face that was hidden by the ugly growth.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
2	1	I absolutely loved her and I hate dentists.  Would rather have a baby(I'm 55). She is sweet and kind.  Works fast and puts her patient's welfare first. She understands the financial burdens and always lays out all the options for you so you can decide what is best and what correlate that with what you can afford but she is never pushy.  I truly miss her since she changed clinics.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
3	1	I've been going to Dr. Johnson's for at least 15 years. Whether I see him or another doctor in the office I've always been very satisfied with the care I've received at Elmbrook Internal Medicine.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
3	1	He has been my doctor for 17 years with outstanding service.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
4	1	what a wonderful, caring, knowledgeable physician i have ever had the chance to meet! He may not always be on time but he sure is worth the wait because he gives his patients his full attention and really listens to what they have to say.  I have nothing but praise for this wonderful human being! 		2	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
5	-1	He is very arrogant, and drinks alot.  He acts like is better then others and interupts, nurse cannot even stand him. He is old and needs to retire.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Dr. Johnson is very knowledgable and genuinely concerned with the patients health. He is very good with patients. I have seen him for years and he is one of the best doctors I have visited. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	She is a wonderful dr. She produced amazing results with my child.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
6	1	 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Dr. Johnson is great!  Very knowledgable, thoughtful, and motivated.  If he does not personally know the medical problem you are facing he will investigate, probe and correspond with other doctors until he gets to the root of the matter.  I highly recommend him.   His staff is great, the nurses and nurse practitioners treat you as a person not a number! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
7	1	A great doctor who knew what he was talking about and came in promptly. Not much waiting. Good answers to questions without hesitation. Well aware and knowledgable of what he does. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	His ad says he helps people who have severe pain. Horrible waste of time and money,rude,arrogant. 	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	. Excellent care 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
9	-1	Wow.  I am NOT impressed with Dr. Jamison.  She has a real attitude problem and she is not very helpful.  She appears to be totally uninterested in finding a solution or trying anything different then the first thing or two she suggests (if you have a problem with anything she suggests then it's just over between you and her - she is done with you and tells you that you just have to live with it).  Wow.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
9	-1	She has been late for every appointment I have made, makes me wait (one time for several hours).  She does not appear to want to consider any other options that the patient brings to her.  She offers no solutions, only theories and sends you on your merry way.  Her staff is worthless other then to schedule an appointment.  They will do NOTHING without the doctors authorization, but they also keep saying that she is too busy to talk with anyone.  I've had to call about my lab work, they do not call me unless I call first.  Then they offer no real solutions and I continue to suffer.  I guess I am just not a priority.  This is frustrating.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Anthem
10	1	Dr. Scott Johnson has been my son's pediatrician for the past 4+ years. My son is now 18 years old, thus the necessity to find an 'adult' doctor for him (unfortunately, as Dr. Johnson is a pediatrician and does not treat adults). I have nothing but EXCELLENT things to state about Dr. Johnson. He has always been caring, knowledgeable, compassionate, and truly L-I-S-T-E-N-S to his patients. He talks 'with you' not 'at you'. Any concerns or questions you may have, he will stop and explain everything to you. He has never been condescending, arrogant, nor egotistical. His first order of business is his patient and their well-being. He is courteous, has an excellent bedside manner, funny, and very intuitive to his patients needs, well-being, and course of treatment. While others have stated &quot;you're just the mom&quot; - Dr. Johnson states &quot;you are the mom and you know more about your child than anyone.&quot; (Thank you, Dr.  Johnson, for all you do for ALL the children you treat!) HIGHLY RECOMMEND!! 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
10	1	Dr. Johnson has been our pediatrician for the last 4 1/2 years. He is very gentle and relaxed with my kids.  He always makes sure my questions are answered, and he is very reassuring and understanding.  I would definitely recommend Dr. Johnson to others.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
11	1	She was very generous meeting with my family and was available &quot;after hours&quot; to talk to my siblings. 	1	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Dr. Janik is an extremely knowledgeable, caring, capable doctor.  She treated my advanced endometriosis and returned me to a quality of life I thought I had lost.  Other doctors, who were not specialists in this area, told me I would have to live with my pain and other symptoms.  Dr. Janik was informative, thorough, and patient.  She is also very up-to-date in treatment options and competency. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	We started seeing Dr Janik after being told multiple times that IVF was our only hope. We too waited a little while to see her and YES she is very to the point, no sugar coating anything. I actually liked this about her as we had a plan of action written down within 20 minutes and future appt scheduled shortly after. We were so happy to have been able to conceive at VERY little cost and now have a happy,healthy little boy! Dr.  Janik may not have the greatest bedside manner but if you keep your eye on the goal, she is definitely the one to get you there! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	We started seeing Dr. Janik earlier this year for our infertility issues/IVF.  At our first appt, she kept us waiting for about an hour for our first consult. She wasn't exactly warm &amp; friendly at first, but she warmed up after about 20-30 minutes.  She seemed very burned out/exhausted, but at the same time, very knowledgeable.  Her staff is great, with the exception of one of the front desk women who is very cold and is constantly making mistakes (such as forgetting to schedule certain appts for various tests/bloodwork).  The nurse practitioner is also pretty cold. You would think since they are dealing with couples who are experiencing infertility that they would show a bit more compassion.  The rest of the staff is EXCELLENT, which is why I continue to see Dr. Janik, along with Dr. Janik's knowledge &amp; success with IVF.  It would also be nice if they would update their website to show more current success ratios.  We are still in the early stages of our treatment.  	4	1	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	Wow!  She is pretty rude to say the least.  I think she is burnt out and seems rushed.  At least pretend to care about the fact we want a baby. 	3	1	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Dr. Janik did not rush me at all.  I did wait an hour to see her, but it was worth it.  Her nurse practitioner and all staff members are very sweet.  I am a new patient so I don't know what the outcome will be, but so far I am having a good experience.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	I found Dr. Janik to be the best in her field.  She is skilled, knowledgeable and pragmatic.  I saw another fertility MD in the Milwaukee area who advised my husband and I to immediately do in vitro (after we had already had a baby accidentally on our honeymoon!)  Janik considered several issues that the other doctor saw as irrelevant.  She solved our problem with minimal financial outlay and lost time.  She has at times kept me (us) waiting for quite some time but in the end I feel she resolved our issue with a strategic, pragmatic approach.  Lastly, I found her beside manner to be warm and compassionate; if she was ever rushed or condescending it was lost on me. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Dr. Janik and her staff were very knowledgeable and helpful.  She was the fourth infertility Dr. that we consulted and she was by far the best.  She was able to look beyond the basics and see what the others could not.  She was very caring and truly passionate about her work.   I would highly recommend! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	-1	Dr. Janik lacks the bedside manner needed to treat couples facing infertility. She is abrupt, condescending, and at times down right rude. Her specialty appears to be laparoscopic surgery and once she has exhausted all surgical options, she essential gives up on the patient. Since leaving Dr. Janik's care, I have subsequently received care from compassionate, highly trained and extremely specialized fertility specialist who were able to diagnose a problem Dr. Janik never even considered. 	1	1	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	 	4	4	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Excellent Doc. Performed lap assisted hyst and was awesome.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
14	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	I actually have a pleasant experience when I go to him.  He doesn't sugarcoat his diagnosis.  He tells you how it is and what needs to be done to correct the issue.  If he doesn't have the expertiese he will refer you to someone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	My daughter went to his urgent care after being treated for a bladder infection them having bad back pains. NO tests given, told her her back hurt because she was pregnant. Two days later she was in ER and was admitted for severe kidney infection. Had high fever which put baby at risk. He was told she was prone to kidney infections also! On the other hand he is very pleasant. But have been told by his own staff that HE DOESN'T LISTEN!! 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	I went to him with severe pain in my foot.  I told him I had an infection.   He looked at it and said it was not an infection.  He gave me pain pills and sent me home.  Within 48 hours of that visit I was in the hospital with cellulitis.   I wouldn't trust his diagnosis of anything.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	-1	This doctor was terrible in treating me at the urgent care where he works. I had bladder infection, he gave me a prescription for antibotics and told me when I felt better I could stop taking the medicine I couldn't believe he said that because everyone knows that anitbotics need to be taken until gone, I asked him why he would tell me this and he just laughed. I was not impressed with him at all and will NOT be seeing him again.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
16	-1	I saw Dr. Johnson because my dr at the same clinic was out for a few days.  I was quite ill with what was diagnosed as bronchitis.  I waited over 1/2 just to see the doctor. Even tho she couldn't hear any sign of pneumonia, she sent me for a chest x-ray.  An hour and a half into my appointment I finally was sent home, totally weak and miserable.  On the way out she asked &quot;are you alright&quot;. Obviously not.  I became more ill from the z-pack she prescribed.  When my regular doctor returned, I was correctly diagnosed with the influenza virus and treated quickly with a course of prednisone.  I will not go back to see Dr. Johnson and would not recommend her to anyone. 	4	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	This is the doctor I've wanted to find for years. She listens.  She considers carefully. It's like she has a sixth sense for all of my symptoms (chronic diseases) and how they affect my daily life before I even voice them. She seems to have a broad and deep experience with medicine - enough to even surpass a few specialists I'd tried prior to seeing her. I could not put together a better physician than this - she's just fantastic. She also considers carefully my needs when she's working up a treatment plan with me - she doesn't simply TELL you one solution, she talks it over with you and makes sure the solution will work for you. This doc REALLY cares about people. Her nurse is really good, too. All the staff are pleasant. They get me in quickly and never make me wait. They call back promptly, too.  Oh - and she's well versed on what stress can do to a person's health.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
17	1	excellent, took time to answer my questions and releave my anxiety about anesthesia. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Dr. Jamil was terrific!  I had seen two other doctors over the years for my chronic pain and neither came close to showing the compassion and care that Dr. Jamil did.  He tried several different solutions for my pain and finally got me on a regimen that allows me to live my life.  He was easy to talk to and was very approachable.  On one occasion I had to have him paged on a Sunday.  He called me almost immediately and was very helpful with my urgent issue.  Now that he has left NSG, I will miss him a great deal!  I will always appreciate the thorough and compassionate treatment he provided.  Thanks, Dr.  Jamil!! :-) 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
18	1	I was extremely pleased with Dr. Jamil.  He has allowed me to be back and hip pain free for a year now.  I would recommend him to everyone!!!  Thanks so much Dr.  Jamil! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
18	-1	Stay away!!! I received a wrong diagnosis and when I questioned him he told me he didn't care if I was treated or not.  When I asked questions he said he didn't know to every one of them.  In the end he wanted to treat me for something I didn't even have just to see if it would work.  He made it quite clear that he didn't care about my health. From his unkept appearance, I could tell he didn't care much about himself either.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	I've been seeing Dr. Jensen for close to 10 years now.  I've never had a dentist or dental staff that performs such a thorough and excellent examination.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
20	-1	This guy should retire.  No clue what he is doing.  He would have let me die.  Had to take matters into my own hands. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
21	0	Recommended reading glasses for my child.  Second-opinion by pediatric ophthalmologist revealed this child had perfect vision.  Other parents have told me their eye dr. sees their young child every 6 months.  He only wanted to see my (other) young son once/year and he had a very strong Rx.  When this child's eye started turning in, Dr Josephs brushed it off as this happens sometimes.  He finally acknowledged at the next yearly exam that it was out of his league and we got the needed referral.  He's very nice and the kids liked him but we won't go back or recommend him. One last note, my husband w/ no experience can adjust eyeglasses better than the optician in Dr. Joseph's office.  The child's eyeglass package is a great deal, but service is lacking.  We get great service and product at Shopko Optical (glasses only.) 	4	4	4	2 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	My insurance was not an option to choose; however, I used insurance.  Dr. Johnson and his staff are so professional yet personable and courteous.  We tried two other dentist when we moved here and I'm so thankful we finally found the right one!  We are very happy with his office. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	I've been to Dr. Johnson twice now, once for an x-ray and the other for a root canal. He was very generous giving me free x-rays and doing a root canal for only $1000, which is very cheap! He was cautious not to cause pain and did it in a timely fashion. I recommend Dr. Johnson any day. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	I have been treated by Dr. Johnson for several years now.  He is very helpful with teaching you about your dental needs.  Very kind and caring dentist. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Very kind doctor and also very knowledgable.  Took his time to make my visit very comfortable.  Professional and courteous staff.  I will be going here for life. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Missed a payment at Christmas and was turned over to collection agency without warning. 	1	2	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	This doctor is the most amazing physician I could ever have imagined having.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
24	-1	.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
24	1	He is somewhat quiet but it's just because he is so thourough. His NPs and nurses ake the most amazing care of you and answer any questions you may have. I've seen other docs in his practice and they have all told me how lucky I am to have him as a doctor. Even my pediatrician see him. After a complicated pregnancy and delivery a nurse at the hospital told me if I would have had any other doctor I probably wouldn't have my son. As a matter of fact I'm at the end of another complicated pregnancy and I will be seeing him tomorrow for an amnio and as scared as I am, I trust him fully. I can't say enough about how intelligent this man is.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
24	-1	He was very short with me and did not take the time to explain anything.  His nurse was the one that had to explain the findings of the ultrasound, he actually told the nurse I had to get dressed and out of the room so he could see his next patient.  During the ultrasound he did not explain what he was looking at or what he was measuring, I was more concerned and confused after seeing him then prior to going to my appointment.  	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
24	1	He helped deliver two of my babies, and I trust him and his staff (esp. his two nurse practitioners) with  our lives. He is a high risk OBGYN, and truely cares about his patients and their babies. When you walk in they not only know their patients by their names, but also their history.  They are like an extended family:) 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
25	1	Dr. Jaradeh is a very caring and compassionate doctor.  When no one else could help with my daughter's CIDP, Dr. Jaradeh came up with solutions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	-1	kept going in and out during office visit.   Seemed more self-involved than patient oriented 	4	1	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
26	1	Dr. Johnson is an outstanding doctor!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	dr mark is a wonderful dr with a great personality.i like him very much,he's a good dr.my mother who has seen him for 4 years loves her and he really likes her,great job dr mark.ty dr mark is a caring special dr.  	4	4	3	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
27	0	always too rushed. Missed symptoms of major health problem fro 2 yrs.  	5	4	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	An outstanding, candid and compassionate care giver. He's been my doctor for over 10 years, he not only treats the body but also treats the mind with straight answers and humor and he listens! I trust him with my health and more importantly the health of my family, I wouldn't want to be treated by anyone else. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	Was very rude and did not follow a standard of care. Told me to run along after a very short visit. I am currently on Chemo-therapy and was treated terrible.  	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
28	1	Dr. Jones is a good doctor, but relies heavly on the internet and his PDA for drug related questions, and some medical concerns. He is very caring when it comes to most medical concerns. He was very thorough when researching my fertility problem and helping me find another dr to resolve the situation. 		3	4	3 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	I love Dr Jeranek's,  she is such a nice and caring chiropractor.  My results have been wonderful and I love going there.  The office is very warm and inviting. I would highly recommend. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	.  	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	-1	Very arrogant. would not listen to my concerns and from the get go was an ass, I strongly felt like he thought I was lying by the accusatory things he would say. And when he found out I was getting a second opinion he completely flipped out and was yelling at me about and claimed he was the best Doctor in the lans and should not have another doctor look at me. Avoid at all costs 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	WORST MD I EVER! I am an RN.  No bedside manners, if you ever see him more than 10 minutes.  Very arrogant.  Would not let me ask a single question about family members health.  Ignored the sympotoms my loved one was experienceing and then blamed me and my family for causing my loved one's symptoms.  We were told to DEAL WITH IT!!  I would not ever recommend him to any one.  I don't believe he is still practicing medicine because he shouldn't be! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	This is by far the worst doctor I have ever went to.  He accused me of making everything up after he had diagnosed me with a disease.  Then he told me to hurry up with my questions because he had other patients to see and I only would have 15 minutes.  I was sitting there crying because of his rudeness and meanness towards me.  He was not very knowledgeable and ran down other drs in the area as well as Mayo Clinic.  Do not see him if you don't have to.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
31	-1	by far the worst Dr I've ever seen, and his staff was even worse. I was accused of dr shopping, being an addict, abusing drugs, and even had the nurse hang up the phone on me mid-sentence. After over 2 years, the symptoms have not only failed to improve, but have gotten worse. He even told me straight out there was nothing more he could do for me other than keep writing scripts for an opoid pain reliever, then, within a month, threatened to stop writing scripts. After one script was stolen while I was out of state, his office refused to refill for another 2 months.     I wouldn't recommend Dr Jaffri to my worst enemy. How this man is still allowed to practice medicine amazes me. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	we found him very arrogant, and would not listen to family questions and  information. This failure lead to significant negative effects for the patient. He failed to listen to patient, family and the medical records,leading to the amnesic loss of five days out of her life. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	I see Dr. Jahnke at the Aurora Clinic in West Bend, WI. She's been my doctor for over 10 years and cannot say enough good things about her. She's caring and friendly and doesn't give up in her search for answers. She respects my feelings and never lectures, and discusses any treatments or procedures she recommends with me. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	Very nice doctor, had no issues and worked with me nicely. 	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Best rheumatologist I have ever had. I have a very rare auto immune disease &amp; Dr. J is one of the only Dr.'s who would even consider taking my case.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
34	-1	Not very helpful when desling with pseudogout.   Many appointments with no treatment 	4	3	2	2 	Insurance:Wellpoint
34	-1	this doctor has not been very helpful in the area of expertise when it comes to managing lupus symptoms or treatments.  i am very dissatisfied with the level of care.  	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
35	-1	Does not return phone calls promptly. I called on a Thursday afternoon. He didn't return my call until Monday night. That is unacceptable. He also lacks personality.  	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	very knowledgable, asks a lot of questions.  Needs to exhibit a little more personality though. 	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Pretty good doctor. Soemtiems doesn't follow thru. 		4	4	3 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Dr Jereb is excellent...   He has been the doctor for both our sons for over 5 years and is excellent with the kids and parents.  I'd recommend him to anyone that is looking for a good ped.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
36	1	I love Dr Jereb! He has been my daughters pediatrician for over 6 years.  He is great! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Great Dr to have on your team.  I am a breast cancer patient and Dr Janitch is awesome to work with.  He also went above and beyond what I expected.  Good work on reconstruction surgery.  The staff was also very friendly and understanding. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Dr. Janitch did the reconstruction surgery after my bilateral mastectomies.  I could not decide which size implants to go with.  I had Dr. Janitch choose the size based on my body frame. They turned out perfect! Dr. Janitch is the nicest doctor I have ever had and truly cares about making sure you are totally satisfied with your results.  His nurses Jackie and Meagan were also wonderful.  He did an excellent job on the reconstruction of my breasts and they look amazing! Dr. Janitch is the best!!! 	 2/9/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	After doing research and waiting several years we chose Dr. Janitch to do Otoplasty surgery on my daughter. My daughter spent several years getting teased by her peers for the appearance of her ears. Dr. Janitch changed all that for her. They turned out great! My daughter is so happy and confident now! Thank you so much Dr. Janitch!! :) 	 8/24/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Dr. Janitch is a very caring and knowledgeable doctor. He made me feel very comfortable as to what I wanted to have done. The results are excellent and I now have the flat stomach that I have wanted for so many years. It was well worth the surgery and recovery time. 	 7/31/11	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	I am very happy with Dr Janitch and his staff, Jackie and Megan.  Everyone was very helpful and answered all of mine and my husband's questions.  I am very pleased with my abdominoplasty. Dr Janitch did a great job.  No more flabby belly, the scar looks great and my slacks fit much better.  Thanks Dr Janitch!  You are the best. 	 6/28/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	I had a breast lift as well as small implants and they turned out just beautiful!  I am not a very large person and I didn't want huge breasts so I left it up to Dr. Janitch to implant the size he thought I would be most satisfied with.  Without a doubt, he made the right choice for me and I made the right choice as a surgeon.  His staff are so welcoming and friendly and the office is top of the line as far as cleanliness.  I highly recommend Dr. Janitch. (I have also seen a tummy tuck on a client of his; she looks fabulous!) So...............I say see Dr. Janitch for any surgery you might be thinking about.........He's definitely the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Dr. Janitch and staff were awesome! I had breast augmentation 3 months ago &amp; am extremely happy with my results. They exceded my expectations.  Dr. and his staff are very professional and always made me feel comfortable. I was explained all my options and glad I went with his professional recomendation. I feel that I made the right choice by going to him.  THANKS DR. JANITCH! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Dr.Janitch is the doctor my husband and I chose for my breast implants surgery.I met many other doctors and did a year of research.I had a hard time picking any of the other doctors I met.I asked my ob gyn doctor for a recommendation.He gave me Dr.Janitch.When I met Dr.Janitch and the staff,I knew I was not going to find better care.Theres nothing that could have been made better from day one.He operated at Saint Marys hospital,which was also amazing.Thanks to the excellent job he did in surgery,I had only minor discomfort for a few days.I only wish I would have done this years ago because of the happiness I gained from it.I absolutely recommend Dr.Janitch and the staff if you are trying to decide.I had many questions and he answered every one of them when I asked in the office.His nurse was always there when I called with questions.Easy making appointments with very little wait time.All the way through,it was a pleasant experience. :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	I recently had Dr. Janitch perform a mini tummy tuck on me. Two weeks out and I already look great. Dr. Janitch and his nurse Jackie make a great team. Dr. Janitch is exactly what you want in a surgeon: confident, capable, and considerate. Add to that Jackie's cool calm and her willingness to answer endless questions and you have a dynamic duo. I am happy I went to Dr. Janitch for my procedure and I recommend him to anyone. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Dr. Janitch performed by B.A. about a month ago and although it is still early, so far so good!  Never having surgery before I was a little nervous, but his reputation and confidence made me feel very safe and in good hands.  I found his staff, both at Prevea Plastic Surgery and at St. Mary's to be wonderful in every way. I recommend him not only for his knowledge and skill, but also for his honest and professional opinion.  I will return to Dr. J for my next surgery or if I choose to have any other procedures done:) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Dr. Janitch did my Tummy Tuck and Breast Augmentation.  I interiviewed several other surgeons in the area and felt he and his staff were most knowledgeable and helpful.  I couldn't be more pleased :)Thanks 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	He did my abdominoplasty and breast augmentation, most professional and skilled, I couldn't be happier!!:) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	I really liked Dr. Janitch.  He looked after my boyfriend when he burnt his self trying to cook.  Dr. J was very informative and caring.  he even called to make sure my b.f. wasn't working too much.  Lots Of Caring Staff!!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	 	3	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	Dr. Janitch did my breast lift/implants.  My scars are hideous at best and the implants are not in the correct position.  When I asked him to repair the bubble left under one of my breasts I was charged a ridiculous amount. I went to a different doctor to have the entire job done over and now all is great but basically I had to pay twice for the surgery as Dr. Janitch did such an awful job. I regretted having Dr. Janitch do my surgery every day. 	2	4	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
38	-1	This doctor mis-diagnosed my condition. He offered very little direction or treatment, ordered no tests. He was rude and unsympathetic. He spoke to his resident when he examined me rather than speaking to me directly. I felt degraded and disrespected. I left his office crying. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
38	0	I felt I was made to feel very incompetent.  I felt education was minimal except for pamphlets which contradicted his directions.  I met primarily with the resident who, also seemed  unsympathetic.  I waited over 30 minutes for my 2nd appointment then canceled and later rescheduled my appointment. 	2	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
38	-1	No, I mean NO bedside manner.  Had me crying in my husbands arms with his harsh replies to my fertility concerns.  I could never treat someone as he treated me.  When looking for advise and expertise I found textbook answers and no guidance or help for my situation of cysts and endometriosis.  All he could offer me was, &quot;Well then you need to try another type of birth control pill.&quot; (I had tried 4 different doses & brands) and &quot;The pain is in your head, you should seek pain management help.&quot;                                              I hope you can avoid being treated by this soul less person. 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Unusual personality but is up to date, knowledgable, helpful, explains options well. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Femoral nerve damage from surgery with a 3 month to 1 year recovery.  	2	3	3	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
39	1	vary caring doctor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	0	Worst doctor I have ever seen. It always took months to see him and nothing was ever accomplished when i managed to get an apt. My reactions to medications or my personal preferences were never taken into account, only his own-- I was the patient, he was the doctor and he &quot;knew&quot; what was best for me. 		4	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
41	-1	Poor bedside manner. Did not communicate effectively.  Could be more professional.  	3	4	3	1 	Insurance:Humana
42	1	Dr Jaglan is awesome. Takes the time to explain everything and is very kind and gentle. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Dr. Kris is extremly warm and caring and it comes through in the care she gives her patients. I can't imagine anyone not loving this lady for their doctor - unless they have their own mind made up about what they want to hear from their doctor before going in and Dr. Kris doesn't tell them exactly what THEY wanted to hear. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	I liked her the first visit, thought she seemed terrific. But boy, did I see another side of her!  I wanted to talk to her about holistic medicine, and she wanted nothing to do with me after that.  I think she's a terrible doctor.  So closed minded. Terrible.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
43	1	Awesome!  I switched because I felt my previous doctor wasn't &quot;getting it&quot;...wasn't listening to my concerns.  By the time I met Dr. Juntunen, I had quite a few of them, but she took the time to handle each of them in one visit.  I was very happy.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
43	-1	. I feel Doctor was brisky with me and offered no favorable outcomes 	5	4	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
43	1	Very impressive doctor.  The best I've come across in a long time.   No ego problem, listens and will work with you,  Plus is warm, good sense of humor, and easy to talk to,  Very smart and very capable,  I am thrilled to have found her, 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
44	1	Beth was intuitive and extremely helpful with my issues.  She was a sympathetic listener and offered constructive suggestions that helped my situation when I thought no one else could understand.  I highly recommend her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	Absolutely wonderful! From start to finish! Great attitude, care, professionalism, and team work through out the entire staff. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Getting LASIK surgery done was the best decision I have ever made.  I am free of glasses and my quality of life is so much better.  The world looks amazing through my new eyes.  The procedure was easy and Dr. Jay and her staff are amazing.  The really took care of me! I would recommend LASIK with Dr. Jay to everyone.  Worth every penny!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	I have never trusted a doctor until I met Dr J.  I am not afraid to tell him a thing because he has been in the shoes of a patient - typically doctors just read on addiction and think you have to follow an order or you MUST do this and this if you want to remain sober.  Thank God I have years of sobriety (now) but the path would have been so much better if Dr J was my doc at the onset.  So smart about everything! He even helped when a medicine caused a dental issue.  He knew what would help and it did.  He is out of pocket for my insurance but well worth the cost.  Nancy - his wife - runs the office and is beyond friendly.  She always greets you by name - that means a lot.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
46	-1	This doctor really screwed me over. The story is too long and bizarre to write in such short space. Basically we had problems, I felt we were doing work, he was disapointed I wasn't his &quot;superpatient&quot;  he was mean and cut me off of treatment with little to no warning leaving me in a terrible place. 	2	5	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	I spent more than 2 years seeing Dr. Junig and can say without reservation that he is the best physician I have ever had the pleasure of having care for me. I found Dr. Junig to be very knowledgeable, friendly, caring, thorough, understanding, and overall extremely helpful in whatever capacity I was seeing him for. In short, if Dr. Junig offers services that you need for your continued good health, I recommend as strongly as I can that you see him; you won't be sorry! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	Dr. Jhansale takes the time to explain things and provides options, unlike many other doctors I had.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
48	1	I feel I found a good doctor, good eye contact, nice bedside manners. Answered all of my questions and most of all he was on time.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
48	0	Came in for an initial visit and didn't really do anything.  Talked to my daughter instead of me and gave me meds without discussing them.  Spent more time on his computer than in my clinic room.  	4	5	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	Dr jones is a very good doctor. She was very patient and keen on every word i was saying.  She called me at home.  And that really impressed me. Great Doctor. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	Great Doctor!!!  Listens and talks in understandable terms.  I really feel at ease with her. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	Excellent. Very attentive and easy to talk to. Love her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	Dr. Jones seemed very knowlegeable and friendly. She seemed truely interested in me and willing to listen to my concerns.  	 8/13/06		3	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	-1	 		1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	I initially discovered Dr. Jin and his clinic first in the phonebook back in 2009 while me and my husband were trying for our 1st baby to no avail, we then decided to ask around our circle of friends (who are always health conscious) as to their recommendation of an acupuncturist in the area who specializes in infertility treatment (as you'll soon find out there are many), and to my surprise, all of my responses were Dr. Jin and Ace Acupuncture to be my  best bet, so that was the easiest decision I've ever made. 3 months later, we achieved the impossible, our oldest son (Joakim - now 2) was conceived! We attribute our success to Dr. Jin and for my friends who referred him to us! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	-1	Make recommendations for four fillings for a child that were entirely unneeded.  Injured me, the adult patient, during my fillings.  Refused to acknowledge any wrongdoing.  	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
52	-1	Also known as DR Nimrod.. Not sure about the rest of his patients but not only did he mis diagnos my mother with sinus/allergie problems but also my father... Well for having sinus/allergy problems Pnemonia fits right in!! my mom had to get rushed to the ER and have 1 1/2 liters of fluid drained from her right lung and was in the hospital almost a week!! way to go Dr NIMROD!! thank god my parents lived !! 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	Very knowledgeable and empathetic.  I trust him completely! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	My wife and I have used Dr. Greg Johnson for years based on the many recommendations of others.  We have found him to be an exceptional doctor.  He is very bright, knowledgeable, caring and talented.  When we are with him we find him very focused on us as patients.  He gives wonderful advice, is concerned about our wellness and even worries about the economics of health care.  We couldn't be more pleased with him as our family doctor. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	Went to walk-in with my daughter who had strep and there was a football game on- Dr. Johnson didn't know we were sitting where we could hear him. He said we could sit there until halftime! Staff at clinic are just down right rude. I changed doctor and clinic. I wouldn't take my dog to that place.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
54	1	Dr. Ross is the best chiropractor I have seen.  He spends time each visit to listen to and care for my concerns and chiropractic needs.  His adjustments are great and his bedside manner is fantastic. I highly recommend Dr. Ross Jensen.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	Competent and caring but difficult to schedule appts. I called on a Monday to reschedule a Thursday appointment because my work schedule changed. They sent me a bill for a &quot;missed&quot; appt and told me that I could get in again for 7 months. I changed to Brian Fick 	3	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Dr. Jasek is very friendly and caring.  I had to have my left knee drained twice last winter and his concern and expertize was very comforting throughout the treatment.  I suffer with RA and he has been my rhuematologist for @ 5 years.  I always feel very much and ease and in good hands with Dr. Jasek!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	It takes awhile for this Dr. to warm up to you, but well worth the wait. He is extremly knowledgable and is tenacious on finding the correct diagnosis. I am very happy to have him as my Dr.  and his nurse Terri is a gem! 	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	-1	I have an appointment to see a new Rheumatologist tomorrow.  Dr. Jasek's bedside manner is very cold and apathetic .  I have seen him twice and both times he told me that I have a &quot;connective tissue disease&quot;  He ran some test put me on some meds and told me to come back in 4 months.  I have called his office 3 times, and emailed twice. 4 times his nurse responded for him and the last no response at all.  He seems as though he cannot be bothered, and has no time for me.  Worst doctor I have ever been to.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Assurant
56	1	This doctor has always been very kind and patient with me.  He gives me adequate time to ask questions and explains everything.   I had a different rheumatologist at one time and he was horrid.   This one is a gem.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
56	-1	Bedside manner is HORRIBLE!!  He is very abrupt and seems in a big hurry to get out of the room to the next patient.. perhaps overbooked&#63;  I never was able to get all my questions in before he was out the door.  His nurse is really great though.  	4	3	2	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
57	1	Dr. Johnson was our dentist for several years, until we moved away from La Crosse. We never had any trouble with him or his staff. Dental work was always fine. He was very gentle. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	Everything that he did now has to be re-done by another dentsit. Everyone in our family now has problems due to work that he did. He is very unprofessional and does not know what he is doing. He is also very rough when working on you. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	We came in to have my daughters glasses adjusted.  The frames were hard to work with and they accidentally scratched the lens.  They told us they would replace the glasses and the frames.  So nice to have a company that stands behind their products! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	Dr. Johannes was gentle and pleasant as she did a complete exam and staff was accomodating to schedule exam & cleaning at the same time.   As a new patient I was extremely satisfied! 	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
60	-1	I was extremely disappointed in Dr. Jacoby's attitude towards me, he was very dismissive and made my condition worse instead of better. Maybe it has to do with medicare people or old people in general, that he has no empathy. Maybe it is not entirely his fault that they jam 15 people into the same time slot and somebody had to get left behind, it may as well be the old guy. I have a lifetime of back injuries because I used to be a brick layer for a construction company, and I went to Jacoby because I lost all feeling in both my hands from various surgeries over the years to my lower back and hip replacements. He treated me like it was my fault that my body is going to hell at 59. I don't think they should allow doctors to practice pain therapy who have never experienced chronic pain themselves. It was a total waste of the taxpayers dollars, he obviously never did a day's work in his life. I don't expect him to work miracles anymore, but he could at least have shown some compassion.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
61	-1	.  	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
62	1	I have seen Dr. Johnston for almost 16 years and he is by far the most attentive, patient, caring doctor I have ever meet. He is the only doctor I have ever truly felt comfortable with and at ease telling him anything! Absolutly the best! Wish more doctors were like this kind, gentle, and caring man! Some should take lessons from him.  And most importantly, he is a very knowledgable and thorough physician! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
62	1	Very nice, was my primary for several years. I am still unable to find a quality, patient, caring doctor like him.  	2	2	4	4 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
63	-1	My father died on April 14, 2010 as a result of the surgery that Dr. Matthew Johnson performed. During a routine laproscopic gall bladder surgery Dr. Johnson clipped the common bile duct in error.  He never requested a follow-up visit for my father which was odd given that he was 79 years old.  After several procedures performed by other doctors and several hospital stays there was nothing they could do to repair the error. This situation involved poor care which we have outlined for the health care provider to no avail.  I would not recommend this doctor.  	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
63	-1	My husband died as a result of an incompletely done and rushed surgery. Also, the hospital where the surgery was performed did not have the facilities to help my husband after he was in trouble. The doctor was aware of that and should have informed us. The doctor also did not follow up with him after he was in trouble. 	4	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	Very knowledgeable @ congenial.  Doctor to 2 of my family members.  Well liked.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
65	-1	Worst experience I have had with any doctor, anywhere, in thirty years!  Why this man became a doctor, is beyond me.  He is so cold, no real caring or empathy.  Offered me no help, no suggestions, was a complete waste of time and frankly, very upsetting.    And very little knowledge.  I wish someone had warned me about him.   What a terrible experience! 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
66	-1	This is the second time this doctor has sent me home in pain without doing anything for me. Terrible.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
66	-1	Very rude dr, doesn't want to really help people in need, assistant was great. Would not recommend this doctor. She cannot handle a patient with many different health problems and be professional about it.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
67	1	Every visit I have had with Dr Jekot has been great. She is enthusiastic and carign and answers all my concerns during the well checks. She is genuinely concerned when my kids are sick, takes time to really listen to me, and  is kind with my kids and makes them feel comfortable. She is very experienced and knowlegeable.  She has picked up on things other docs have overlooked , even though I mentioned them. This lead her to diagnose my daughter quickly when others had missed it. She is part time, but certainly worth it. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	-1	Very easily flustered &amp; confused. Very quick to jump to &quot;wait &amp; see&quot; or &quot;here, try this ... now this, now this&quot; modes &amp; when parents want a more proactive approach, she slithers from the room &amp; leaves the rest of the communication up to her nursing staff. Works less than part time so it takes forever to anything done. Good to go to for easy things (check ups, strep throat, etc.) but should something serious arise, Dr. Jekot is not one to fight for her patients or their families. 	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
68	-1	Arrived for pre-op consult 10 mins late. Told Dr. had to leave to teach in another building at 12:30  Later told Dr. had to be in surgery.  Does not matter she would have only had 15 min by her schedule for an entire pre-op consult if I was on time  Ordered ultrasound at clinic and did not advise tech what to look for.  She didn't find the tumor that was to be removed and would not re do the test.  Two days later I had an ultrasound with another dr. and there was the tumor clear as day. She dismissed me and sent me home to revisit her in 2 months for a another matter.  I have cried She had my husband believing that the tumor was gone  She had my family doubting me  So disappointed as she was high;y recommended  But she could not admit or try to fix the problem  According to her there simply was no tumor and the patient was wrong.  Well I wasnt and it caused a bunch of problems and even when made aware of her mistake she did not call or try to make contact with me dr. s need to listen! 	5	1	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
68	1	Best doctor I have ever had. Period. She was amazing. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	While his nursing staff, especially Jean (oy, what an evil thing she is) is a bit dense and prone to errors (I am an RN myself) Dr. Jerzak more than makes up for their follies. His front desk staff is friendly and very efficient, as is the lab staff. Dr. Jerzak himself is very busy and is not great on keeping records and diagnoses up to date, but he LISTENS and treats you like a human being, not a number. He genuinely cares. I've been seing him for over 20 years now and I can trust him to refer me to a specialist when necessary, treat me as a partner in my health care, and despite my chronic condition always treat me with respect and compassion. He is well versed and up to date on what's new in health care and is open to the information I bring him from reputable sources. He keeps an open mind.  I love him! 	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
69	1	EXTREMELY PERSONABLE DOCTOR.  VERY EASY TO TALK TO (HE TALKS IN PLANE ENGLISH, NOT OVER YOUR HEAD LIKE SOME DOCTORS DO). HE SITS AND TAKES THE TIME TO LET YOU TALK. OCCASSIONALLY WILL BLOW OFF THINGS, BUT YOU JUST NEED TO OPEN UP TO HIM AND TELL HIM YOUR CONCERNES. IT'S A GOOD THING THEY HAVE GONE TO LAPTOPS FOR THE DOCTORS BECAUSE HIS PENMENSHIP IS HORRIBLE, so don't let him write any notes you might want to read later :)  HE'S VERY COMMICLE AND EASY GOING.  A DOCTOR I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMEND, YOU WILL LOVE HIM! I'VE BEEN HIS PATIENT FOR OVER 20 YEARS.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
69	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	I've seen him 20 years. He has taken excellent care of me. He is genuinely concerned for my well being. He puts me on the meds best for me. I am more stable than ever before under his care. I have only good things to say about him. His staff is top-rate. I have no idea how he just remembers many things about each medicine. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	Excellent service. Knowledgeable. Understanding. Thorough. Thoughtful. Easy to talk to. He is not only a sleep specialist, but is a practicing psychiatrist as well. The center itself looks like an upscale hotel and the staff are very helpful. Overnight sleep study room was incredibly comfortable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
71	-1	Misdiagnosed me which led to serious illness. Did not examine, run any labs or imaging, and failed to look further even when symptoms got progressively worse.  Was rude and arrogant.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
72	1	I was very impressed by Dr Johnson. Took plenty of time and showed me my MRI and explained everything to me. Very knowledgeable.I felt like he really cared.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
72	-1	I was referred to Dr. Johnson and came in with an entire page of typed up questions to ask regarding possible surgery.  He dismissed me saying he would not recommend surgery, and therefore would not answer my questions.  He stated that if I wanted a second opinion there were plenty of other neurosurgeons to choose from. I also waited 45 minutes to see him for 10 minutes. I found him to be arrogant.  I was very disappointed.  And yes, I am seeking another opinion...  	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	. Seems to be very honest and helpful 		3	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
73	1	My daughter just turned 3 and has been seeing her since she was born. Me and her both love him! Being a first time mom I always have lots of questions and he answers all of them and doesn't rush me. He even visited her when she was admitted into the hospital over night. I would highly recommend him!!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	We have been going to Dr Johnson for our children the last 3 and a half years.  We actually moved from West Allis to Oak Creek 3 years ago but like him so much that we make the drive for their pediatrician visits.  He is has a comforting bedside manner with children and is both thorough and pleasant.  We wouldn't go anywhere else for quality healthcare for our children.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
73	1	Dr. Johnson is a great doctor. Very informative and doesn't rush you out.  Our daughter enjoy's her experiences with him.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
73	1	He is very patient with the kids. He treats the parents with respect and dignity. He has four kids of his own. He absolutely understands kids/teens. Highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	Excellent Doctor. The best out there!Pleasant, extremely knowledgeable.  Followed up to make sure I was okay. I wouldn't go to another doctor.  Dr. Blake Jones #1 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	0	 	5	5	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	above and beyond in care and knowledge with his service to me 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	Wonderful 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	. Very knowledgable, exewls at explaining conditions and options, kind and compassionate 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
77	1	Extremely knowledgeable and compassionate 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Dr. Jansen and his staff were incredible!  I had a rhinoplasty and breast augmentation. The staff was very knowledgeable and made me feel very comfortable.  I really liked how Dr. Jansen was very forward with me and didn't sugar coat anything.  He is very honest and trusting.  Thank you for doing such a great job and boosting my confidence.  I will definitely go back! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Very professional doctor and staff.  Went in for gynecomastia treatment, and the results are awesome.  I recommend Dr. Jannsen to anyone who is considering the procedure.  The staff had me well prepared before, during, and after the procedure.  My recovery time was much less than what I had researched from other doctors. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	I contacted Dr. Janssen's office after having had a less than satisfactory result from a rhinoplasty done by a local plastic surgeon.  I had contacted the original surgeon about a possible second surgery and was told that I looked fine and there was nothing more he could do.  I heard about Dr. Janssen from a radio ad for the Fox Valley Plastic Surgery Center. I went to the initial consultation expecting to be told that he couldn't do anything for me.  Instead Dr. Janssen started to explain what changes he could make to my nose and then took out a diagram of nasal structures to show me exactly what he would be able to do.  I was thrilled that he was willing to do something for me.  The surgery went very well and I am very happy with the result.  Dr Janssen and his entire staff were extremely courteous and professional and I have recommended them to my best friend and sister-in-law. I would not hesitate for a moment to return to Dr. Janssen for any cosmetic work in the future. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	I had a nipple sparing double mastectomy 6/2010, reconstruction 11/2010 and a follow-up procedure called lipo-structure 4/2011. I am extremely pleased with the results. Dr. Janssen was wonderful throughout this entire ordeal and I would not hesitate to highly recommend him. He is a professional yet was very attentive to my needs and concerns. My husband is also very happy with the way all turned out and we have an attitude of graditude towards Dr. Janssen. We are so thankful to God for using this Doctors skill and expertise in a difficult time in my life. 	 6/23/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Dr. Janssen wanted to make sure that I was very happy with the results after having a large portion of by breast removed while having cancer.  He did a great job, was very professional and answered all the questions that my husband and I had prior to the surgery.  After feeling like a part of me was missing I decided to have the surgery and am so very happy that I did.  Not only do I feel better about myself but I look so much better.  I am someone who is in a bathing suit all the time and believe me people noticed that there was something wrong with my breasts.  Friends are one thing but when I was around strangers I felt so embrassed.  Dr. Janssen not only fixed the large hole that was missing but also aligned my nipples and now I would beg for anyone to tell me they can tell the difference.  Dr. Janssen and his staff were just wonderful and I would recommend him to anyone who has had my problem or just needs to have something fixed.  Very professional and caring people.   The Best!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
78	1	Over the past 14 years I have had two mastectomys and reconstruction.  Dr. Janssen's professionalism and caring manner made me feel whole.  When you go through something that tramatic it is important to have a doctor that you trust.  Dr. Jannsen, through my reconstruction, made me look even better than I expected.  I have the confidence to wear a swimsuit and partake many athletic activities.  He is a true artist of the body.  I look and feel like a woman.  I give thanks every day that I had a surgeon who made me feel like I was his only patient.  His office feels more like a business office than a Drs. office.  His staff is professional and are dressed accordingly.  I was always greeted with a smile and met punctually by the Doctor.  Even thought the situation was terrible I couldn't have had a better medical experience.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
78	1	Our daughter had a unique circumstance in that she was home from graduate school for a very short time and needed a procedure. She is in school in LA, yet asked to come home to have Dr. Janssen do her surgery. The staff was extremely helpful given the tight time constrants. Phone calls were returned promptly, and when we met with Dr. Janssen he explained what needed to be done (this was a trama related procedure)with clarity and kindness! After our daughter was out of surgery, Dr. Janssen met us in the waiting room and escorted my husband and I to her recovery room. In addition to the nurses, he checked in on her,and us, frequently until her dismissal. Our follow-up visit was also met with the same consideration. I would highly recommend David Janssen.  	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
78	1	Dr. Janssen was very professional and made me feel at ease. His staff is by far the most friendly group of people I ever met.  His staff is very intelligent and kind.  Dr.Janssen was always on time for appointments and seemed to have genuine concern for my well being. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	My son who was 6 had cut his chin wide open, I took him to the Mercy Medical E.R., I requested a plastic surgeon to repair the wound.  My son was very nervous but Dr. Janssen was awesome with him &amp; ME.  Even when we had to go to the office to remove the stitches Dr. Janssen &amp; staff made my son very comfortable.  A very GOOD experience for a child.  You can't even see the scar.  I trusted him enough that I scheduled a consultation for my self &amp; had liposuction.  I feel great about my self &amp; would recommend this practice to anyone.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	Took time to explain the procedure and all my different options.  He also made me feel that I mattered and that he truly cared.  I also felt he was very knowledgeable and had the expertise I desired in a surgeon.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	After finding out I had breast cancer many things came to mind.  The one thing I did not hesitate with was to have Dr. Janssen be the one to do my reconstruction surgery.  His knowledge and expertise skills along with his caring staff walked me through a very difficult time.  I can honestly say he put me at ease, was always available for questions and understood the stress one has to go through during this process.  If I had to do it again he would still be the doctor of choice.  I am a cancer survivor and loving my new look thanks to Dr. Janssen.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Lumenos
78	0	A very inept surgeon. I pray to God somebody stops him before he does any more harm. 	5	5	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
78	-1	I had a tummy tuck and lipo....sure it looks better than before BUT....the work is BAD! My belly button is too high, I am unevenly lipo-ed and my stomach scar shows with pants on!!!! TERRIBLE bedside manner...he compliments himself too much. I also have lost a lot of feeling around my belly button area that he said would come back and 1 1/2 years later...it hasnt. DO NOT GO HERE!!!! 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Excellent service, well trained board-certified surgeons and attentive staff for Botox/Dysport injections. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	-1	Dr Janssen thinks he is much better than he is. I would never go back to him and I will absolutely tell anyone who asks what a terrible post op doc he is. His work was FAR from satisfactory. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
78	0	during a follow up visit he could only comment on what great work he did!! 	1	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	Just an FYI - he was the exact same way back in 2003, when I stopped going to him.  I've always wondered what type of infections you were set up for from his constantly talking on the phone while drilling in your mouth.  He was quite knowledgeable - you just wondered what on earth was going on in his office. 	1	3	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
79	0	Scary guy.  He talks on the phone throughout the exam and doing fillings, all the while holding the handset and then sticking them back in your mouth, making you wonder what kind of germs are there.  His behavior is erratic and peculiar.  People showing up and dropping off things throughout the exam, and he's talking to all these shady people that show up delivering and picking things up, constantly interrupting the consultation or visit.  He usually is operating without reception so he is called upon to deal with interruptions such as phone calls and people who stop by.  The whole thing is really weird.  His wife does reception and billing sometimes and she's super crabby too 	1	4	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	Dr. Johnson is the best.  His patient care is the greatest.  I am so glad I have him taking care of my kids and myself.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
80	1	Doctor J is AWESOME!! He delivered both my girls and is there Dr. still. My husband and I both see him. Sometimes hard to get an appt. though. would highly recomend him to people. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	Dr. Jones Nosacek is an advocate and teacher for NFP.  No, she doesn't prescribe the Pill.  She taught us a great method of NFP and we are so thankful for that.  NFP takes more than just charting.  It takes discipline and communication.  Even outside of the NFP/BCP issues, Dr. Jones Nosacek is a caring, thoughtful, funny, and interested doctor.  When I was going through a hard time, she called me multiple times.  She has taken care of my daughter and I am willing to drive the distance to get to her.  She is well worth the drive!!  She always asks if we have more questions.  She's always willing to sit and listen.  And she certainly cares about each and every person that comes into her office.   I love this doctor!!! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
81	1	She uses NFP and doesn't pressure you to use birth control (or make you feel like you're loose if you don't want any). 	5	3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	-1	She refused to prescribe birth control to me after I already used NFP and got pregnant.  	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Humana
82	1	Very good. Knows a lot about research. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
