dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	-1	I have had 8 surgeries on my spine and it is worse then when i started. All he wants to do is run up a huge bill.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
1	1	Amazing doctor.   I was in sever pain for 18 months &amp; now I'm completely pain free 10 weeks post-op 3 level lumbar back fusion 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:AHC
1	-1	This is not the right forum for legal issues. Google WCCA and do a simple search, put in his name, and that should give you enough to run. This man is reckless and only cares about money. Run, while you stil can! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
1	-1	Cancel appointments and get a better. Opinion,  this one is not it! 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
1	-1	They do not care after your 3 months are up after surgery. They are not helpful at all as far as the assistants go. The front desk help are hardly ever smiling and as far as after surgery and 3 months are up and you are still in pain oh well live with it and as the hospitol stay was horrible.  I was given a bed pan and sat in my own poop for over 20 minutes 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
1	1	Very informative, delayed plans to talk to me. Prescribed a medication that helped in three days.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
1	-1	Can't  believe this guy rated competent. Both head of neuro at Med School of Wis and head of ortho at UW med school think he is incompetent frequently overcharges  Paid  3 million last year for a malpractice case of operation on wrong side, concealment from client, misinformaion to other Docs . How can yu rate this guy competent&#63;&#63;&#63; 	2	4	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
1	-1	worst mistake I ever made was to see this guy. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Dr. Westreich is a wonderful individual who really cares about his clients and his profession.  I would highly recommend him to anyone looking for a great doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	I swore I'd never see a male gynecologist.  After an ER visit one day I really had no choice but to followup with Dr. Westreich.  I was very nervous but too tired of my problem to complain.  My husband came with me for support and I really needed that but Dr. Westreich was fantastic.  He actually listed to me and suggested a good plan of action.  He's the first doctor I've ever met, gyn or otherwise, that has really cared about the patient.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
2	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	An awesome doctor. Efficient, kind, compassionate, interested in his patients, professional, experienced, and knowledgeable. I'm TTC and Dr. Waters has been very helpful along the way. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	I would recommend Dr.Waters to anyone-he's friendly, efficient, easy to talk to, and very thorough. The only reason I had to give only 4 stars for on time was that I had to wait an hour for my procedure because he was busy delivering a baby :) 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	I used Dean insurance. He is the best OB/GYN I have ever been to. Great bedside manner and professional in the office. Love him 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	This doc filled in for my regular doctor when I need my annual pap and pelvic exam. Not a procedure anyone likes to go through, but this doctor was friendly, efficient, took my mind off it by talking about favorite bands and radio stations. Great! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Since Dr. Waters started helping us with fertility issues three years ago, we now have 2 beautiful children. We don't plan to have any more children and my only regret is that I will miss him dearly! He is a great doctor and the referral we received to him was the best advice I have ever received. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	I go to him even though he's outside of my provider list. He's that good!!! 	 12/1/05		4	5	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	Most arrogant prick you will ever meet.  Epitome of a selfish, egotistic doctor.  All he ever talks about is his daughter in Medical School.  Also, if you are young and looking at a career in Healthcare, don't mention it to him.  If your grades are sub-par, or simply not a 4.0, he will tell you to be realistic and know that there is no chance they are going to accept you.  He honestly is one of the arrogant human beings, and certainly someone who shouldn't be in healthcare.  He simply does not know how to CARE for his patients.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	. he is pleasant and concerned 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
5	1	Extremely knowledgeable and competent. Good educator and understanding.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
5	1	I noticed while waiting in the Waiting Room patients leaving the office all had smiles on their faces.  Sure made me feel good about being the next patient to see the Doctor - and it was just that - a good experience.  Dr Watchmaker was eager to work around my schedule to schedule the very minor procedure in order to have it done as soon as possible.  The Doctor is a very nice person and he knows his &quot;stuff&quot;.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
5	1	Highly recommend. Everyone friendly. Physician explained in great manner and offered options. Efficient. 	5	5	5	3 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Very respectful staff and friendly! They listen and Dr. Watchmaker was very clear and explained so that i would understand. I was grateful to be able to explain what I felt was wrong and have it all confirmed and then a course of action given.  Thank you so much! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
5	1	Outstanding in every way!  I was very impressed.  Doctor was thorough and knowledgable and gained my confidence.  He had excellent references from others. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	I have Anthem/Blue Cross supplement.        Dr. Watchmaker was very professional, explained my condition to my satisfaction and has a very warm, pleasant manner.  I felt very confident in his expertise.   Helen Polacheck 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
5	1	I am a big baby and had a giant cell tumor on my finger that wrapped itself around my joint.  After day surgery, 19 stitches later &amp; therapy along with follow up visits, I can honestly say &quot;I didn't feel a thing.&quot;  No pain! I didn't have feeling in my finger for a while, but through more therapy and concern by Dr. Watchmaker, I got it back!  They are there for you through everything and every concern.   Highly recommend Dr. Watchmaker and have to several people already who are also happy with him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	I went to Dr. Watchmaker for tendinitis. He sent me to a clinic for therapy for one month. The therapy was successful, and I have not been troubled by the condition for the seven years that have elapsed since treatment.  Can't do better than that! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
5	1	Good initial visit with an efficient scheduling of my surgery by his staff. Follow-up phone call by Dr over weekend was unexpected, yet appreciated, especially over the weekend and prior to my follow-up visit later this week.  	 8/8/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	He has helped me with my hand problem.  I know ir will take time but he and his staff are outstanding 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	The staff and dr are top notch and I would recommend them to everyone.   I had carpal tunnel surgery and healed great! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Feel like the staff care very much about my good  treatment. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Watchmaker is god.  He is competent, confident, knowledgable, curteous, and everything else that is great. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Dr. Watchmaker and his staff are truly excellent; highly professional, friendly, and he and the staff take the time to answer questions and reassure you.  Highly recommend them.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
5	1	Dr. Watchmaker and his staff are awesome.My husband injured his hand cut through 3 tendons and a optical nerve.Dr. Watchmaker kept us informed of every procedure every risk every option available. His staff is also as dedicated to keeping his patients comfortable and informed. Before and after surgery made sure that all of our needs were met.I would recommend Dr. Watchmaker and his staff to anyone who should ask.Thank you from the bottom of our hearts Dr. Watchmaker. The Family Robles 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	I cannot praise Dr. Watchmaker and his staff enough for their service to me. In 2006 I had surgery for a bone growth on my hand and found my recovery to be pain free. I went to an occupational therapist named Sheri who was recommended by Dr. Watchmaker. Believe it or not, I actually looked forward to my sessions. She was extremely knowledgeable, friendly, and understanding since she had the same surgery that I did.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Wellpoint
5	1	Dr. Watchmaker in my opinion is excellent! I had bicep tendon repair using endo button technique. My strength is completely back and I don't really notice any loss of motion. Dr. Watchmaker explained the procedure completely and I was totally confident in his ability, I would highly recommend him to anyone. The therapist he used at Aurora was superb and a pleasure to work with (Cheri), and his secretary Danica was most helpful and a pleasure to talk to. A team that cannot be beat. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Dr. Watchmaker did surgery on my hand after I cut a couple tendons. Although he is not the most social doctor in the world (I think I talked to him all of 5 minutes before the operation), his staff in the physical therapy department at Aurora are wonderful. He also is VERY good at what he does. I was worried about never playing my violin again after the cut, but I was up and playing again in a month or two. Wonderful. 		5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Excellent Doctor! Very caring, very approachable, very knowledgeable along with being very responsive to his patients needs. Couldn't ask for a better doctor. Wish we had more like him in health care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Prob one of the most caring and knowledgable physicans out there-esp for urologists. I'm a patient as well as a nurse. He called me on his off day to tell me my CT scan results (unheard of typically, esp with specialists). Tells you to call him anytime and he ALWAYS calls you back. Gives you the actual (copy) reports on any scans or tests you've had done when you see him in his office. Also- other doctors in other specialies like him and recommend him over and over. I see he's listed under &quot;surgeon, specialty&quot; on this website if you need more reviews.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
7	1	Dr Weirich was very sweet.    He is very funny which takes away the awkwardness 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
7	1	 	3	1	5	3 	Insurance:Unknown
8	0	Dr. Werwie - not honest about possible occlusal changed with NTI-TSS device when in fact the manufacturer's website has such a warning to dentists to inform patients of possible occlusal changes. I actually went in for a flat plane night guard, but Dr. Werwie only makes NTI-TSS devices. Even though they scheduled me with Dr. Werwie who couldn't or wouldn't make the device I wanted and need, I was still billed for the consult. The billing dept. refused to refund me so I wrote to the QA dept. to appeal that denial in 10/09. It is now almost mid-12/09 and they have not communicated with me in any way. I spoke with a PR person to resolve the compaint and she said that the QA dept. head got my letter, but never responded. She said that the dentist will not reverse the fee and refused to understand the situation. Also, avoid the West Allis office - it's a dump.  	1	3	2	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
9	1	Very helpful, good listener.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
10	1	Outstanding caring Physician.  Office staff is excellent, especially nurse Judy.  Thoughtful, caring,the staff goes above and beyond.  This is a highly knowledgeable Physician who really cares about his patient's.  Sometimes there is a wait in the office, but he is worth the wait.  They explain all treatment and alternatives in a easy to understand way.  He is always a phone call away if you need emergency help. They always return phone calls.  Highly recommended.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
11	1	Actually Forward Dental is exactly on par with regional averages.  In fact their annual price changes reflect the exact regional average price. I looked into this.  Besides, no matter what they charge your insurance has negotiated allowable charges and the difference cannot be charged to the patient.  Patient copays come from the amount left over after your insurance pays the percentage of the allowable they cover.  	5	3	4	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
11	-1	Forward Dental is the office she works at. They charge way more then the regional medium and you insurance pays on the # so you end up paying way too much. Checked with several other dentist offices in the area and all their charges for the same services were considerably lower. Do NOT go to forward dental!!!! 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Dr. West has been my obgyn for eight years now he delivered all three of children via c-section. I met him the day i delivered my first born and with many complications he was the only one who took me seriously all the other doctors kept telling me i was fine and nothing was wrong indeed that was not the case had it not been for Dr. West i would have lost my baby. he has been my obgyn ever since and is always honest with me about everything, he's alwasy very willing to answer all of my questions and to even sit there and repeat himself until i understand. West and his staff have always been very understanding and sincere in all of my care. I dont trust very many doctors and he is honestly one of three that i do trust with not only my health but the health of my children to.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
13	1	He spent plenty of time explaining what  was going on. Made my stay in eth ER almost tolerable 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	Told me I couldn't go into the room w/my 5 yr old. It was his first exam ever. frustrating. Then he said i can't get the contacts i've worn for years, saying they are discontinued. Even though I called Ciba Vision and they still have them. Who is the patient&#63;&#63; How can they do business like this&#63;&#63; 	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Dr. Wallace is a very kind and understanding Dr. He is always willing to answer questions and doesn't rush you out of the office to get to his next patient. Yet, he is usually on time with his appointments. He is great with the kids. He also specializes in internal medicine.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
16	1	Kind, caring, knowledgeable.  A true gem of a doctor.  Dr Warpinski will go out of his way to give you the best care.  He spends time with his patients, is honest and sensitive to patients' feelings and treats everyone like family.  He is extremely knowlegeable and professional. His staff and all of his patients that Ive met absolutely love him.   I would highly recommend him to anyone in need of a great allergist/asthma specialist! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	1	Great all-around doc 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Dr Waeltz you are the best doctor ever.  Thats why I referred all of my friends to you :) keep up the good work! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
19	1	Dr. Waeltz is very good.  He delivered both my children and was very supportive.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	Keep up the great work Waeltz. You are amazing at what you do. I tell every woman that if they want the best care that they have to see Doctor Waeltz. AWESOME 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Hi Doctor Wetzler you delivered my full term son in 1997 You were a great doctor very compassionate   I wish you were still here I need my medical records and I don't no where to get them. You have been gone for many years now and the world was brighter with you here. I really need you but your gone   that makes me sad.  	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
20	1	Dr. Wetzler delivered all 3 of my children. I almost named my first son after him, I love Dr. Wetzler so much. Now they are 19, 18 and 13 and all I have are fond memories of Dr. Wetzler and his caring, compassionate attitude.  He truely is a caring person who does the best for his patients.  I don't really care what anybody else says, nobody will change my mind about Dr. Wetzler.  He puts his patients first, he's an educational Dr., his bedside manner is unlike no other Dr. and I wouldn't trade him for the world! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	I dont think how I pay for my visit is relivant.Dr Wetzler is a beautiful man. He has an awesome damenor.And I personally think is one of the very few docs who actually listen and care about your well being. All of you people who bash don't know him.And further more the reported deaths&#63;Those people chose to not take there medicine as perscribe.I have chronic pain.And don't abuse my meds. so why should we have suffer a few that do&#63; Hey Doc! When r u reopening&#63; Hopefully soon.Take care! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	DR Wetzlers clinic allows you the person who is ill to feel human again and as though you have a purpose once more in life All Drs Could gain from observing his bedside/pateint side manners .Recently Dr Wetzlers clinic has been under fire for matters not within their control this is a shame . 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	I went to his office over the period of tow years...besides the long wait it's worth it if you dont have insurance...I would def reccomend him becuae of all the years of knowledge and practice he has...he has never failed me yet! 	3	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	0	I went to dr. wetzler in the 70's and he delivered both my kids and if it wasn't for him my son would not be alive today. he saved my sons life at birth with mouth to mouth and for that I will always be greatful to him. he is a good.doctor. 	 1/24/09	3	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	besides the long wait....this is one of the most caring doctors i have ever had.. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Dr Bob IS AWESOME he is always caring and if you need to talk for a minute he is always there for you please leave him alone and stop being jealous that he is such a nice person and you aren't 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	-1	To begin with, you have to wait all day long for your scheduled appt. They have a very bad habit of double and even triple booking patients.  If your appt. is for 9:00a.m. your lucky if your out of their by 2:00p.m. NO LIE! Other than that if you have an entire day to kill than this is the place for you.  Also, what the hell is up with the no insurance thing&#63;  I mean I have great insurance but am forced to pay them cash!  Why&#63;  What the hell reason is it that I go to work&#63;  Really though.........As far as clenliness goes thats another entire story.  I've seen Citgo gas stations that are cleaner.  No T.V. or magazines to read to pass the time.  And I do mean ALOT of time!  All and all, good luck to all who dare to take this place on.  Happy Holidays! 	3	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Intelligent,Friendly with a good sence of humor. He will help you 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Dr. Wetzler is a great guy! He was my Dr. when I lived in WI. He had then spec. in ob/gyn. A hard act to fllow as they don't seem to breed dr's of his quality any more. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	GREAT DOCTOR AND STAFF - SERIOUS NATURE, HAS ODD FACIAL EXPRESSIONS AND SUCH, BUT AFTER EXAMINING ALL YOUR RECORDS, MRIS, ETC - HE ASKS YOU A SERIES OF QUESTIONS AND DOES SOME PHYSICAL TESTS ON YOU. HIS NURSE CINDY IS DYNAMITE AND BELINDA THE RECEPTIONIST IS ALSO GREAT. THE WHOLE STAFF OPERATES TOGETHER QUITE WELL. IF YOU CAN PUT UP WITH THE NOT-SO-NEW OFFICE ENVIRONMENT, I THINK YOU WILL FIND THE DOC TO BE A MAN OF UNDERSTANDING, PATIENCE AND EMPATHY. THE TEAM, VERY COMPASIONATE AND FUN PEOPLE. THEY SEEM TO HAVE THEIR ACT TOGETHER. DOC IS VERY CAREFUL ABOUT PRESCRIBING ANY SCED II MEDS AND IS ANTI-OXYCONTIN DUE TO THE HIGH ABUSE POTENTIAL AND ALL THE NEWS (ABUSE, DEATH, ETC). SO FAR I AM PLEASED WITH LEVEL OF CARE I AM RECEIVING. AFTER TRYING ABOUT 10-12 DIFFERENT DOCS IN MILW, I AM HAPPY TO BE A PATIENT OF DR. WETZLER AND RECOMMEND HIM HIGHLY. 		3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	I was seen at Riverwest Clinic 208 E Capitol Dr. in Milwaukee without insurance for a reasonable fee. They also offer a 'whole body' approach to healthcare which i found refreshing for a clinic serving patients without insurance. They offer psychiatric care, chiropractic care as well as acupuncture. I was very impressed! ***** 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Dr. Wade is a resident in the General Surgery Department. He took extra time to explain the operation after my surgeon had already tried to explain it, and he used plain english. He was very reassuring. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	The courtesy and care is outstanding. This doctor is  very professional, personable and willing to work with his patients and their concerns. He suggests the least invasive procedure to correct foot problems with great success.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
22	1	Dr. Wiessman and Northwest Surgery was very professional.  I had my bunion taken care of and am very pleased with the results. 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	We planned for a birth under the care of a midwife. However, late in the pregnancy, our baby flipped breach and required version for any chance of a natural delivery. Our midwife connected us with Dr. Wasserman, and we couldn't be happier. He made himself available to transfer care despite never having met us. He scheduled the version for the next day, but we didn't make it that far. Thankfully, he again came through for us, coming in to the hospital when he wasn't on call or on duty, and working with us to ensure our hopes for our baby's birth were realized despite a C-section being imminent. Post surgery he checked on me and our baby in the NICU. His follow up care prior to my wife's hospital discharge was impressive. When we mentioned we were cash patients, he helped keep costs to a minimum by moving up my wife's discharge. Dr. Wasserman learned of our case one day, met us and delivered our baby the next day, and through it all listened to and treated us with respect and dignity. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	Dr. Wasserman: great if you like you doctor arrogant and you are desperate.  	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
23	1	Fun and friendly personality.  Very knowledgalbe and is also very caring.  He takes the time to listen to your questions and concerns.   He doesn't treat you like you are just another patient! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
23	1	Excellent physician. Compassionate and caring. He delivered my 2 children, my 3 nieces and nephews, and does OBGYN for myself, my mom,and all my sisters.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
23	1	He is a wonderful dr. he brought both my grandchildren into this world.. steena and akie.. Thank you dr. Wasserman! We love you. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	md has no compassion or care for pts pain. doing painful procedures without anesthesia. could not accomplish getting samples for biopsy despite doing it multiple times. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Dr Wasserman is truly on of a kind. He really listens to his patients and treats them as intelligent human beings who are partners in their care. He is a big supporter of a woman's right to choose the kind of birth she wants to have under his care. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Dr. Wasserman is a rare OB who truly practices evidence-based medicine and who always puts the needs of his patients first. Because of his work as a state representative, his scheduling can be limited at times, but when he commits to a time, he's always there. I can't rate him highly enough! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	So far my experience with her has been really good. I only waited ten minutes. She spent a lot of time asking personal questions and getting to know me. Performed a thorough medical exam. I was unsure of whether I wanted to get a difficult procedure done and she talked with me in detail about pros and cons. I corresponded back and forth with her about it and she wrote detailed notes about it. Her office immediately returned phone calls and were prompt and nice. The only down side was she wasn't as familiar as I would like on the condition that I might have. One of the best doctors I have gone to in a long time. 	5	4	5	3 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Dr. Weiss was very understanding and compassionate in examining my father for suspected Parkinson's.  She was very pleasant, friendly, and patient with all of my questions and concerns.  She treated my father with respect and compassion.   An excellent neurologist! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
24	-1	The worst &quot;bedside manner&quot; I have ever encountered in a physician. She was extremely disrespectful (eyerolling, sneering.)  Didn''t take any time to answer my questions or concerns. She just blew me off.    Also, completely insensitive to privacy concerns.  Very unprofessional.          	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	Did not treat me as a person, but as a thing. I did not feel that this doctor respected me as a person. She was extremely uncommunicative about the problem for which I was seeing her. Either she or her office is not good about following through on issues such as referral to other specialists, referrals for second opinions, or referrals to physical and occupational therapy. 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
25	0	Nice doctor but too rushed.  Couldn't diagnose me adopted a wait and see attitude.  Seems to push his serivices which aren't covered by insurance.  Seems money driven to me. 	1	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	I went to her to get a second opinon and she was so informative and extremely nice.  She took over an hour with me and was very thorough. Answered all my questions no matter hoe many times I asked them.  I would definitly recommend her to anyone.-She was one of the nicest docotrs I had ever seen. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	Sent my sister to hospital to detox off of her psych meds-she was on several diff anti-depressants &anti-anxiety.Hosp; just stopped giving meds &amp; sent her home. Dr W called prim phys told her not to represcribe ANY meds cuz she was overmedicated giving that Dr impression she was overseeing detox &amp; then called to say she would not be seeing my sister again cuz she was too complicated a case.Left my sister extremely vulnerable w/o any Dr-her prim was on vacation-to go thru W/D confused scared &amp; in a tremendous amount of pain with no orders to be followed @ assisted living home over a weekend.  If not medical malpractice certainly close! 	4	5	1	3 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
28	-1	This doctor sent her 2 residents in to look at me for an hour.  When she came in, she didn't even check my back, just told me I had back pain, prescribed pain patches,  told me to continue with PT, said I'd have to live with this pain for the rest of my life, and wouldn't send me for an MRI.  A year later,  my disk ruptured. It turns out that my pain was due to a bulging disk that was causing muscle spasms.  Now,  it's a long road to recovery.   Too bad she didn't take the time to examine me.  I was even crying in her office and she couldn't utter one kind word of reassurance.  She treated me like it was all in my head/not as bad as I was making it out.  How unfortunate.  	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:GHI
28	1	Although the cash amount I paid is small to this Doctor, I have paid large amounts in terms of my health status changes since being injured. This Doctor and her staff works hard to make life easier and not more difficult for their patients. Coping with WC, puts more stress on the individual by tons. Being able to go to a Doctor who understands this but helps work to stop your pain is invaluable.  I thank God for her wonderful care and for her caring staff as well! 	 3/5/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Workers Comp
29	1	Seems to take a personslinterest in me. good follow up on testing.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
30	1	Always on top of things. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Dr. Weber delivered both of my children and was absolutely fantastic.  He always listened and took the time to address any of my concerns. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	I went to dr. wanserski to be fitted with dentures. He did a thorough exam and saved to tooth roots which had a gold bar attacked to them. I had a tooth in the lower jaw that never came up ad dissolved in the bone weakening the lower jaw. I have had the dentures 10 years and never had a denture sore form a bad fit or a problem with them.  I have had to have check up and have needed to cancel and reschedule and am always treated well. Dr, wanserski even worked on a week end to get the plate done so we could complete all the work brfore my dental insurance ran out.  I recommend him to evertone.  He matched the tooth color in my dentures so close to my actual ones and the fit is so good that noone realizes I wear them, not even my aunt. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	I went to a Dr. David Wanserski for a TMJ splint and he made me a splint that was so big and bad that he took one and a half hours pulling it in and out of my mouth to adjust it. I've had splints previously and it usually only took the dentist 15 minutes to adjust the splint. Dr. Wanserski pulled the splint into and out of my mouth for 1 and a half hours till my lips were dry and cracking. Not only that but the splint he made put my jaw in a backward incorrect position which caused me to have dozens of muscle knots in my neck and shoulders at all times and I had to wear a neck brace and ride in a medivan to appointments. He adjusted the splint and made it so thin that it had holes in it. It broke several times while I was chewing with it (that's what it was designed for)and it had to be repaired. He later refused to repair it and so I had to wear it with broken jagged edges in my mouth.I complained to the Prosthodontic Peer Review Committee and nothing was done about it. 	3	3	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	Best exam ever. He even showed me pictures of the inside  of my eye. Very knowledgeable. Very nice.  All very easy. Got my bifocals in 3 days. Will definitely go back always! Didn't have to wait. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	. Great 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
35	-1	Not recommended.  Dr Waldman spent less than 5 minutes with me during my appointment.  He was  not sincere, and did not seem interested in answering  my questions.  The day after meeting with him, I made an appointment to visit a different podiatrist. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	-1	Rushed/didn't listen to concerns 		4	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	She is the best! very caring and listens. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Nice man. No rushing of patient.Knowledgable 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Very Honest, and practical. Will not recommend surgery unless really warranted.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	Tremendous doctor with great &quot;bed-side&quot; manners.  He is patient with his clients, personable, good humor, caring and shows it.  The best I have ever had.   He serves my children and they have rave reviews of him too! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
40	-1	I was already nervous about seeing a doctor (I hadn't been to a doctor in nearly ten years), but the pain in the left side of my abdomen was getting  worse and was affecting my work.  (A lady from work had convinced me to go.) When I saw Dr. Weber, she was very congenial, but she ignored the symptoms that I thought were relevant.  After performing a pap smear, a rectal exam, and physically pushing on my abdomen, she determined it was a pulled muscle.  I KNOW what a pulled muscle feels like, and this was not a pulled muscle.  I had explained that I had had this pain for around three months and it wasn't going away.  She insisted it was a pulled muscle, and when I questioned if the pain during intercourse had anything to do with it, she simply provided new positions to try.  It has been another two months and I am still experiencing pain (it has gotten worse) but I am terrified to go through this again and have not returned to the dr.  	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:Anthem
40	-1	I sent my mother to Dr Weber for lower abdomenal pain and spot bleeding. she told my mother she was fine and that her symtoms were comon for dieters &#63; obviously,my mother remained in pain, so I called and scedualed her back to see weber w/same complaints a week later , again she sent my mother home congradulating her on losing 3 lbs. after much prodding and 2 additional weeks of pain I convinced my mother to make another appointment and stess the pain and spotting to the Dr. again she was sent away with the diagnosis that it was nothing and comon for older woman dieting. I then, the same day in great concern called my gynocologyst whom was taking no more patients, explained my moms situation and my gyno agreed to see her that week, I went with my mom to my gyno and she was diagnosed that day with cancer and my Doctor cancelled a day of her vacation that week to do surgery on my mom. (bless Dr. Reeb-Albas heart). Dr.  Weber leaves me with great concerns!!!!!!! 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
40	1	Person below me is hypochondriac. Fine doctor, McGill grads know all. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	When I was very sick and went to see her she told me I had the flu and actually rolled me over to the New London Family Medical Center hospital ER herself and they put a mask on me and diagnosed me with the flu. I wasnt getting any better in fact I was getting worse. And I returned to her and she sent me to ER again and said i had the flu. finally when I was so bad I couldn't handle it. I went to the ER at  St. Elizabeths hospital in Appleton Wis. At first they saw the diagnosis of me having the flu so they treated me as if I did and had me wearing a mask. Then they took tests and also a flu test and found out I didn't have the flu at all. Like I tried to explain to Dr Weber in the first place. The diagnosed me with having severe Asthmatic Broncitis and it was close to pnuemonia. I have asthma and it was in my lungs. From that day on I never saw that Dr. Weber again. As far as I am concerned she is not Knowledgable to be a  doctor.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
41	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	She was incredibly unhelpful and very abrupt. I came in with three separate issues. She disregarded one, somewhat helped with the second and gave me a treatment I had already tried for the third (which I did explain to her). I have had to find another doctor to address the issues I came to her with. I would never recommend her to anyone else, as my appointment with her was a complete waste of my time and money. She was neither helpful or able to reasonably explain her reasons for treating my issues the way she did. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Called to try and squeeze in to see any derm with my body rash.  She had a cancellation and was able to see me. She was pleasant and knowledgeable.  Really liked her. Highly recommend.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
42	-1	I waited a very long time for appointments.  The dr. never cured my condition.  Charged A LOT!!!  They told me they would charge me a certain amount for each treatment and it ended up being 8 times more than that.  Then they lied about telling me what they would charge me.  I had to go to another dermatologist to cure me.  The new one helped me in a couple of weeks.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
42	1	Dr. Wells is extremely knowledgeble and helpful. Appointments with dermatoligists are never long, and you usually feel short changed after your 10 minute appointment you waited 3 months for, however, Dr. Wells is very thorough and helpful. When you leave, you will feel satisfied. And, if not, calling her office is very helpful also. You probably won't talk to her, but her staff is very experienced. I recommend her to anybody.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
43	1	Saw the doctor when blood pressure went up during pregnancy. Was understanding and explained everything. If I didn't already have a pediatrician I would go to him as a secondary. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	0	 	5	5	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	A wonderful and very competent surgeon! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	Friendly and listens but got little feedback from her. 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Dr. Whitaker always devotes as much time as needed to the care of my family.  She is very knowledgeable, yet comes across as a friend.  She listens to all concerns and at the end of an appointment is sure to ask if there is anything else.  I never feel rushed or foolish for coming to her with any need. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	You Should have a 10 rating for doctor Nicholas Webber 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	Dr. Bruce has been our choice for the family for many years. He is available when you have a broken tooth, even on a Saturday. Can your current dentist say the same. Deb is wonderful about getting you in on short notice. If you have questions with your insurance she will know the answer or find the answer for you. Melissa is the best at calming the nerves or just explaining all that is going to be done.  If you are looking for a new dentist, give Dr. Bruce a call. You will be happy you did. Now show off that beautiful smile courtesy of Dr Bruce and his staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
47	1	Dr. Walters is a very kind dentist who is excellent at delivering anesthetic! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	I have never been treated so well by ANY Healthcare professional.  This office should recieve a standing Ovation!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
48	1	A great ortho doc. I had to find another orthopedics doc last year(in a hurry).. usually 30 day wait. He got me in within 2 days, operated 2 days later. Very caring, professional, courteous, good sense of humor.  A+ in my book 	 10/3/07	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
49	1	She is a very soothing and comforting dentist. She truly cares about her patients concerns.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
50	1	My brother had a serious brain tumor,it was life treatening and he came through it all just fine with the expertise of Dr.Weissman and his team of doctors . there are a few obsticles left ,but we are all greatful and thankful for his life. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	I saw him for a 2nd opinion for cervical spine surgery, sent by my neurologist. My symptoms did not match the MRI and the first M.D. I saw wanted to treat the MRI, not the symptoms. Weissman felt I needed further testing via a myleogram, as MRI's do not show bone very well. The myleogram showed that I needed surgery on the vertebral levels causing the symptoms and not the vertebral levels the first M.D. had planned to operate. I can't say enough good things about his excellent diagnostic skills! Needless to say, he did the surgery and I was back riding horses 3 months later. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	Dr. Wagener has been my OBGYN since the birth of my first daughter 7 years ago.  He is very caring and reassuring.  I have never found a doctor who listens like he does and works so hard to find out what is really wrong.  His nurse is great, and will remember you personally.  He is always on time-unless he has an emergency delivery-which is completely understandable.  He is never rude, and always has a kind word.  He is one of those doctors that will say hello if he sees you walking down the hallway, and know who you are.  All three of my deliveries were hard, and he throuroughly discussed the alternatives, making me feel as though I had an informed choice.  I will continue to see DR. Wagener until he is no longer practicing.  Absolutely wonderful doctor! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
51	1	Dr Wagner has been my surgeon for 3 years & he saved my life. He'll go out of his way to help you any way he can. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	0	Dr. Wallock performed a procedure on me that I specifically told his office staff I did not want done. He did this while I was under anisthesia and even had me sign for it after the anisthetic was administered. I am now stuck with a bill that my insurance will not cover which is why I did not want this particular procedure to be done in the first place. 	1	2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	Dr Wagener is fantastic! I've had him as my OB for 2 babies now. He is completely open minded and doesn't pressure patients. He remembers personal concerns and does his absolute best to stick to birth plans.  Amazing OB! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
54	-1	Closed off and unfriendly, not very helpful with my problems, would not recommend.  	4	1	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
55	-1	This guy is different w/ no bedside manner or ability to talk with the patient or their family. He never made it a point to confer with the family of a hospitalized patient. 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	I have been going to Dr.Welniak for several years thru Aurora and love her! I hav been advised she left Aurora and am trying to find out where she went so I can continue to be treated by her.  Does anybody know&#63; 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	She is the most kind,caring, and thorough  doctor I have yet to see in my 26 years. All of my medical issues were dealt with in a compassionate manner. I'm very glad I found her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
56	-1	I saw her for about 2 years and found her to be sometimes nice but other times condescending, mean, and unhelpful. After the second time I left her office in tears I got a new doctor and was properly diagnosed and treated for Hashimoto's.  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
57	1	Dr Wang is very knowledgeable.  He helped restore my sight after a freak neurological incident that caused me to wake up from a surgery completely blind.  He is very even tempered and soft spoken.  He really makes you feel like he cares about you as a patient.   He really knows his stuff too! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
58	1	Very friendly and if she is not available, then you can always get an appt with a different doctor in the office.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
59	1	Excellent Dentist. Good bedside manner.  Friendly assistant 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
60	-1	I had a very bad experience. From the booking to the appointment, everyone in the office was very strange. Assistant said that doc was odd and she was looking for another job. There were cords laying on the floor and 10 lb. weights for when the doc gets overwhelmed. The doc acts like he does not know how to use the equipment. He asked me how much money I had saved for medical expenses and then wanted to charge me that amount for contacts and glasses, which I did not order either from him. Another patient came in the room where we were and gave the doc a neck massage while the doc was giving an audible response to this man massaging him. When I said that I would not be ordering anything because the cost was almost double what I normallt pay, he reached in my purse and pulled out an eyeglass perscription that he had written up for my employer's safety glass program. He also called my employer to try to persuade them to let me buy the safety glasses from him. It was horrible.  	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
61	1	He is very up to date and &quot;in the now&quot; with oral hygiene and health. Teaches about disease prevention not treating when the disease arrives. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	-1	dr. drilled to and exposed a large portion of nerve covered it with a poorly smooth metal filling. Child 16 year old football palyer. Crying ... Dr. refused to help child. Forced to go to another dentist for relieve of pain.  BAD doctor !!! 	4	5	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
63	1	unfortunately, Dr. Wait is no longer with us. He passed away two weeks ago. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	Had him with my 3rd child.  Great OB, wonderful sense of humor, very knowledgeable.  However, he did move to Wausau and started practicing there last summer (June 09) so no longer in Madison.  If you are in the Wausau area, however, I highly recommend him. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Wait for nine years.  He has delivered all three of my children via c-section.  Never before has a doctor made me feel like I was his only patient.  He actually LISTENED to my concerns and never made me feel embarrassed or ashamed of any question I had. I highly recommend Dr. Wait if you are looking for a real human being to trust with health during this amazing and scary time of your life. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	I have had a great experience with this OB.  He's personable, easy to talk to, and very caring. He has a great sense of humor.  He makes me feel totally comfortable and I feel like I can ask him anything.  He loves his patients and looks out for us.  I love his philosophy about having babies- very supportive yet he doesn't like to intervene with the natural process unless neccessary. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	This was my first visit to Dr.  Wenninger and I was very pleased with the visit and with the staff and lab employees! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
64	1	Dr. Wenninger has always been very kind and attentive to me. I have had no problems during the 4 years I have been a patient. 	4	3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	When questioned about treatment, he snapped and said &quot;if you don't like the treatment, go to someone else.&quot;  Which I did. 	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	I am very satisfied with all the areas rated.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
66	1	Very personable and friendly. He talked with my family and made them feel like he really cared. I think he is a rare caring doctor. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	0	no bedside manner, seems like he dosent care. was offended by questions. 	5	5	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
67	-1	I didn't feel he said more than three words to me about what was going on with my tooth. He didn't explain what he was going to do or why. He didn't appeared to have looked at my chart as I had to remind him of an important piece of information it contained. when I told him of my tooth problem he responded with &quot;poor baby&quot; 	4	5	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Great doc, one of the smartest men I've ever met. Thorough workup, thorough treatment. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Wonderful surgeon.  I trust my life with him 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Wonderful Doctor.  Very Caring and knowledgable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	He is AWESOME!  I've been with his since I was pregnant with my first child and I hope to be with him much much longer.  Works with your ideas instead of telling you what you HAVE to do.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
70	0	spent far too long in the office, he hemmed and hawed and was quite abrupt with his demeanor. will not go to this doctor again. upon asking around friends and co-workers, i have since learned that this is a common perception of this doctor and should have asked around in the first place.  	3	4	2	3 	Insurance:HealthPartners
70	1	He is our family doctor.  Excellent bedside manner.  Christian, which is important to us.  Does not push drugs/medications if they're not necessary.  He truly has a heart for his patients.  He delivered my last child in 2002 and we have been seeing him since.  He is very good about calling you if you leave a message.  	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
70	1	I have been going to Dr. Walker for the past 6 years. He is the only person I trust with my family. He is a wonderful man who really cares about his patients. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Dr.Westberg was easy to talk to, spent time talking &amp; educating me, and was equally great with the kids.  We all love her! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	Dr. Webb is very kind and very helpful.  He specializes in addiction medicine.  It would be helpful to his patients if he spent a little more time learning or updating his knowledge on bipolar and major depression.  	5	5	4	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	Dr. Webb is very punctual and very helpful. He is open to new ideas and he always has time to listen to your issues. 	4	5	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	 	3	3	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	Have had Dr. Warpinski as my GP since he began practicing back in the 1980's.  I have had complete confidence in him so much that I have stayed with him even though he has changed locations on several occasions.  He currently is 25 miles away, yet I still travel to him because of his genuine care for his patients.  I have suffered with Diabetes, A-Fiberlation, Obesity, Hypertension, etc.  But I trust my life with Dr. Warpinski.   He is the BEST! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
74	1	Dr. Warpinski was my GP for a number of years, and had it not been for a recent change in insurance he still would be. I had pretty severe asthma when I was a kid and he was pivotal in getting it under control.. He has never been hesitant to refer me to a specialist when necessary. He makes sure you understand and are comfortable with everything. I understand he also offers spiritual support if you want that sort of thing. I, however, have not asked for nor been asked about it in any visit to him. He's a wonderful doctor for your whole family. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	-1	If you are overweight, every single diagnosis will be focused on that; regardless of symptoms.  He is very condescending and rude with his presentation.  If you are not religious he is also very judgmental toward you.  I will not be returning to this practice.  His staff is amazing.  Nurses are very helpful, kind and attentive.  He is an arrogant jerk.  	5	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	Dr. Luke and his staff are exceptional in all areas. Dr. Warpinski serves the medical, emotional and spiritual needs of his patients AS APPROPRIATE for the individual.  His knowledge and willingness to refer, when appropriate, are exceptional.  He is approachable in medically complicated, painful and emotionally difficult situations. Patient care and concern are evident from the moment of entering his office.  Patients and family are greeted with a warm smile and friendly voice.  Billing is addressed in a helpful and open style. I showed financial responsibility when a delay in insurance payment was brought to my attention.  Good faith payment was requested, but service was not denied.  Prescribing medication is taken seriously and an appointment is required  Dr. Luke and his staff show impressive patient sensitivity. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	Excellent physician.  Really knows his stuff and willing to explain things to you.  Everyone I know that has him loves him. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	Seemed very arrogant.  Listened but didn't seem like he &quot;really&quot; cared about his patient(s).  	2	1	3	4 	Insurance:AHC
77	1	Awesome pediatric cardiologist. He diagnosed our son in utero and is beyond friendly and knowledgeable. We have total trust in him and would recommend him to anyone. One of the nicest doctors we have ever met! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Excellent result, trouble free, pleasure to work with 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	-1	I had a procedure done and he did not even do half of what he said he was going to do. Then when I went back to ask him about it he told me he never said that. I can not believe this guy. Be very careful and tape record your convesations with him. This guy should not be allowed to be a Dr. I think he just wanted the money and business. 	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	Toni is great, she really makes you comfortable and gets to know you. During my last pregnancy I had complications during which I was hospitalized and had to have an MD take over but she still visited me everyday to see how I was doing. Luckily I was released and she was there to deliver my baby. In the moment I kind of didn't care anymore what my plans were but she was so supportive and stayed with me and reminded me of things that would help. I ended up with a wonderful experience and a happy, healthy baby :-) I almost wish we were having more kids so I could do it all over with her again. I still plan to see her yearly and I'd definitely reccomend her to anyone who asked. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	Dr. Webb was wonderful! I felt comfortable the moment I met her. She is friendly and knowledgeable. She listens and gets to know you as a person, not a patient. She tailors care to your needs and expectations. I would highly recommend her to anyone.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
81	-1	 	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	Dr. Weinshel was a Very caring man. He was straight forward, and explained everything. He wasn't judgemental, and he did a Great job taking care of me. He told me the risks of the surgery, and he was willing to see me if I ever needed further attention. He talked to my family when they had questions. I would recommend him to everyone!! I have to thank this man for helping me when I have been turned down from so many doctors thinking that it was all in my head and that I needed pain meds for no reason!!!He found the problem and took care of it, and now I don't even walk with a cane or even limp...THANK YOU DOCTOR..AND GOD BLESS YOU...  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
81	-1	Dr Weinshel is very rude..Poor bedside manor. recommend this doctor!!! 	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
81	-1	I had Dr Weinshel in 1997 due to no insurance I had to see him, he repaired my herniated disk. 2006 sneezed and blew total (same as above) disk out, needed disk fussion couldn't remember him so I went back to him. Horrible...1st app. he was late and complained about his bad day. Looked at my films and told me I had to have the fussion surg. So durring my surg. he mistakenly cut my nerve..oops! I was sopose to be inpatient 2 days that turned into 5 my husband wanted to nock his head off, very rude thought he was God and took his time fixing the nerve that was leeking spinal fluid into my body and I was very ill, another Dr. had to do a blood patch. Didn't order PT for recovery now 1 year later I still have bad back and now curved lumbar spine so I need to see a different Dr.  NOT HIM!!! 		1	1	2 	Insurance:Humana
81	0	This doctor did two surgeries on my disc. Both times, rude, uncaring more worried about his personal situation then patients. Left me laying in bed at home unable to move with my poor husband begging him for help. Nasty bedside manner, blammed me for my blown disc, didn't care about my progress and showed lack of compassion! Had to go to him because of insurance requirements, next time I would go to a local vet before him.  He made me ill! 		3	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	Excellent skills and a very caring personality.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
82	-1	Didn't even personally discuss my diagnosis with me.  Discovered it on discharge paperwork!  Staff is VERY unreliable.  Gets messages wrong/doesn't deliver messages/delivers messages late.  Made to feel like an inconvenience by the entire staff there.  No one returns my calls.  	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
83	1	explains things thoroughly 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	-1	WOULD NOT RECOMMEND TO ANYONE, WAS NOT HELPFUL, BARELY DID THE EXAM AND DID NOT EXAMINE THE AREA OF CONCERNAT ALL!!! 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
84	-1	Did not order the right test and never said what was wrong. very bad doctor 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	This ER doctor took extraordinary measures to keep us up to date on my wife's condition.  He did not hesitate to discuss the condition with a neurologist when he felt the specialized treatment was out of his area of expertise.   Ordinarily, ER visits are painful--but Dr Westfall gave us the best treatment and informative care we have received in quite some time! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
84	-1	I took my son to the E.R. for treatment. Dr. Westfall came in after quite some time, asked a few questions and was very rude. He made us feel like we were in his way. Since the rooms are quite close together I could hear him talking down to the woman next to us exactly the same way. Nobody wakes up and says &quot;hey, I'd like to go sit in the E.R. today, &quot; and nobody deserves to be treated like dirt either.  	4	2	1	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
85	1	My previous doctor retired and recommended Dr. Webster to me as a replacement. I am extrememly pleased with her. She is very knowlegable in all fields which is great eliminating the need for me to see more than one doctor for my health care.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:GHI
86	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	Love, love, love Dr Julie.  She is very knowledgeable &amp; lets you know what to expect in the coming months/year between checkups.  Makes you feel very comfortable asking questions; doesn't rush you; and very good with my daughter who had a phobia of drs before Julie.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
87	1	this guy rocks 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	She was great! Adjusted me and I instantly felt better. She made me feel comfortable and would go back to her all the time! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	. She is Awesome, She adjusted me and I had instant relief from my headache! She does a great job! would strongly recommend her to anyone with headaches or back pain!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	-1	unless you have a serious problem, doctor wagner does not care. I stopped in with a minor problem that were giving me uncomfortable symptoms because my normal doctor did not have any openings for weeks just to see what was going on. He treated me like a complete idiot and sent me on my way. Left the office crying. 	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
90	-1	He refused to treat me for my migraine with narcodics which is the only thing that helps. (I have a 25 year history) Wanted to give me benydril and compazine, then some other meds that I know wouldnt work cause I've tried them. And if those didnt work he wanted to send me to another hospital as inpatient! He asked me what other ER's Ive gone to in the past 3 months implying I was an addict and drug seeking. I go to the ER maybe 4 times a year, hardly a frequent flyer!!! I left without treatment. My mother also had him for a different reason and he was rude and disrespectful to her also.  He needs to find a new career, one that doesnt involve compasion or socialization! 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
91	1	Dr. White seems very knowledgable and experienced.  Felt very comfortable and would feel safe undergoing surgery by this doctor. I felt like my questions were answered and I didn't feel rushed. 	3	4	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	I am an RN for over 30years and found Dr.Wendricks very knowledgable and a skillful surgeon. I would not hesitate to recommend her to family or friends.  I again am a surgical nurse for over 30 years, I know bad doctors, Dr. Wendricks is a fine doctor. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	Does not acknowledge when patients are in pain.  Very forgetful!  Nursing staff is very rude.  Appointments are constantly cancelled.  Would not refer this doctor to anyone! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
92	1	Although I was unhappy with the amount of time I spent in her waiting room throughout my pregnancy, I eventually learned to not schedule appointments late in the morning or late in the afternoon, by which time she was often running behind schedule. As for the care she gave, Dr. Wendricks was pivotal in helping me get medical diagnoses/treatment that resulted in a polypectomy and, in turn, resulted in a successful pregnancy after 12+ months of trying to conceive. She was very responsive to my requests, very informative and balanced in her advice, maybe a little quick to prescribe drugs, but ultimately a thoughtful doctor that I trusted. I would use her again and have recommended her to others. She also has an exceptional nursing staff that replied to phone inquiries quickly and with great care. 	4	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	a great doctor and has the ability reassure the patient by providing the information in a positive tone. Great disposition -- love her 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	I love this doctor, she always answers my questions fully, takes the time with me that i need, and even has hugged me while i cried! She has always given me the information i need to make fully informed decisions medically, and has an extremely friendly staff supporting her. I feel like she truly care about me and my health and the health of my unborn child. I completely trust her and her judgement. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	Very disappointed in the care I recieved.  Did not listen to me or acknowledge my pain.  	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:GHI
92	-1	I only saw Dr. Wendricks a few times before realizing I was not important enough for her time. She did a procedure that was more painful after than the sypmtoms before procedure. My PCP had to put me on antibotics for infection because Dr. Wendricks didn't believe something she did would cause an infection. Not her fault, people do get infection, but she still could have acknowledge it and treated. Also does not believe you are in pain when you are. Guess she was one of those women who have no pain or complicatiions when she had children. Best of luck to her. But she won't be getting anymore of my business. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
92	0	I never actually saw this doctor, but I waited for her for 45 minutes and then found out that she was also on call and had left to deliver a baby.  I left rather than wait for her to return. 	5	1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	She let me beg for help for 6 months while Stage IV endometriosis inside me was agonzing & I could not care for my children.  She ignored pictures I drew, pain maps I wrote, & family history of disease.  She mislead State Medical Board & Dept. re: the care she gave me.  She claimed I cancelled apointments that her office cancelled.  She would not help me get referred to appropriate care after I asked in writing for help.  She lied about op-notes she had not yet typed.  She offered hysterectomy for a treatable disease.  She could not tell me what doctor would assist her, since she said she was not experienced enough to treat my endometriosis.  She made notes about my husband's job in my record, but failed to document my bowel problems/symptom: my bowel was adhered to about 1/2-3/4 cup of endometrial tissue, adhered to the posterior vaginal wall, my ovaries were adhered to each other and my uterus & the endometrial mass.  She ignored all of my symptoms & did nothing to give me care. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	I had to wait in the office for 20 minutes, but Dr. Wendricks made me feel at ease. She has a wonderful manner, and was very knowledgable about my condition. she gave me options and helped me decide what would work for me. Highly recommend. 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	0	I felt like I was tricked into an unnecessary c-section and like I wasn't given the right kind of information in order to truly consent. I felt that she said one thing and meant another. Looking back I don't feel that I was treated well. 		2	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	Dr Webb has always beeen very helpful and very professional. she has always explained everything to me. I have a lot of faith in her. I would recommend her to anyone looking for a optometrist. I have been very satisified and comfortable with her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
93	-1	Dr. Webb gave me a diagnosis and a few years later changed his mind even though he claimed to be an expert regarding this condition.  He was very rude and condescending.  He is a very mean and nasty person and I would highly recommend choosing a different foot dr.  The fact that he gave me a diagnosis in a field that he had no expertise but claimed to, and later stated that I didn't have, makes me question his stability.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
93	1	Dr. Webb is very thoughtful, patient and caring.  She takes the time to listen and suggests helpful practices.  Her staff is very helpful and polite and return your phone calls almost immediately. 	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	Dr Wendorf has a way to make you feel like you matter.  He was very helpful, friendly, and professional 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
95	-1	Very poor! Talks too much and listens too little!. Is really into himself and not into his patients. In a recent article sent out in a magazine by ThedaCare it quotes Wasco as saying they differ as &quot;they are here for the long haul&quot;. Let me assure you that is as long as you don't have any questions; as long as you don't have any after hour emergencies or as long as you don't inconvenience him in any way. He will be no where to be found if you have questions/concerns or are truly experencing a medical emergency. He is all &quot;lip service&quot; and nothing else. Move on, and look for a real professional.  You owe it to yourself, don't you&#63; 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	-1	This physician needs to have his license revoked or suspended.  He could not even diagnose or recognize a problem that he alleges through advertising that he is a &quot;specialist&quot; in.  I disagree with the last poster - all people make mistakes, BUT IT TAKES A REAL PERSON TO OWN UP TO THEIR MISTAKES AND TRY TO RECTIFY THEM IN SOME WAY!!!  Walking away from your &quot;mistake&quot; when you are a physician makes you a very poor physician.  There is no need in society for physicians of his caliber!  Think twice before you even have this physician put a bandaid on your finger.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
95	1	Dr. Wasco performed 2 colonascapies on me and I found him to be extremeely kind, knowledgeble, caring and took the time out for my needs and concerns! If he does this, yes! I think he would be abit behind schule, maybe he just needs to make his times with his patients abit longer, depending on the situations.  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
95	1	You know, Dr. Wasco is a very kind and great doctor!  There isnt a perfect person nor doctor in this world!  Everyone makes mistakes!  I have had the privilege and honor to work with this doctor for more than 4 years!  He is very good at what he does!  I just think that this website is bogis and I think its pretty bad for people to come to this site and talk bad about there doctor.  Dr. Wasco has saved and helped and cured many patients! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	Dr Wasco was prompt, courteous and very considerate of my concerns and questions.  I would not hesitate to use him again in the future.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
95	-1	Our family doctor referred my wife to this physician last year for a colonoscopy.  After a great length of time, Dr Wasco came out and spoke to me.  He said he almost perforated the wall of my wife's colon and she would have to stay in recovery and that he was going to do another procedure in the afternoon.  He was very short with me and took no time to answer questions.  He said he has done this a thousand times and nothing like this ever happened.   She made it through that procedure.  Now our family Dr wants my wife to go back for another colocscopy.  I told him we do not want Dr Wasco.  He said there are other surgeons in the same practice that can do the procedure.  He said we should request someone other than Dr Wasco, but said he can't guarantee that we won't get Dr Wasco.  I told him I would throw myself over my wife's body if I thought Wasco was ever going to touch her again.   Since when doesn't a patient have a right to refuse to be treated by a Dr they have no confidence in 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
95	-1	This is the poorest physician I have ever been referred to.  I hope others never have to experience the terrible care I received from him.  Primary Care Physicians should use some kind of discretion when referring patients.  He was rude and took no time to answer our questions.  The few seconds he did take to speak to us, he spoke &quot;down&quot; to us.  Theda Clark would do well to send him packing. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
95	-1	This physician is by far, the poorest physician I have ever seen.  He is rude, extremely immature and failed to diagnose, treat and intervene surgically relative to a serious medical condition.  His bedside manner is poor.  He is NOT a good listener.  He talks constantly, but never says a thing! 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	Dr Wasco performed a Thyroidectomy on me 5/8/2000 he did an excellant job. He was very professional and actually caught a mistake from the lab of St. Elizabeths Hospital and saved me from getting the wrong side of my thyroid out because of suspicious cells. I cant even see my scar anymore.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	-1	This physician has failed, beyond all comprehension, to diagnose and intervene surgically in a serious medical condition that is well within his alleged area of &quot;expertise&quot;.  He knew what had to be done to correct my condition; he explained it in great detail in January of 2007, but kept putting it off.  In August and September of 2007 when my family really began to pressure him to take care of this problem (he had the most knowledge as to what to do, as I had previously had an unsuccessful bariatric surgery performed by him, so my places to go for treatment were quite limited) he referred me to a facility 96 miles away from my home and actually medically abondonned me.  I have since found that he damaged my vagus nerve in previous surgeries, which he was well aware of, he has falsified my medical records and when my husband told him that I was seriousle considering filing a complaint against him, he replied &quot;if she ever does that I''ll fix it so that no other physician 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
95	-1	There is no excuse for a physician in Dr. Wasco's field to have poor bedside manner, considering the fact that he chose this profession and he was aware of the interaction he would have to have with patients in order to be successful in this profession. If he cannot do that, or finds this position too stressful, perhaps he should see if McDonald's is hiring. 	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
95	0	This physician was shockingly rude. If I was unconscious at all times, I would appreciate his skill. But, while conscious, I realized that he lacks all bedside manner. 	3	3	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
95	0	Dr. Wasco ran a bunch of tests that no other doctor thought of and found some problems. He removed my galbladder because it was &quot;broken,&quot; but not causing any problems at that time. Now I have new problems because it was removed too soon. He also took me off of acid reflux medication after he performed a Nissen procedure because I supposedly didn't need it any more.  I had to be put back on it by another doctor and have had to had two other procedures and another surgery because of problems he caused! 		4	2	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
95	1	Dr Wasco really listened and was readily available and offered options that fit my situation. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	During the WDA's Mission of Mercy I was fortunate enough to get Dr. Wagner to extract 2 teeth.  The second was problematic as it had 3 roots.  He worked patiently through it and got the job done.  Thank you very much for your time, knowledge, compassion and professionalism.  It was greatly appreciated. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	I had the BEST experience at Dr. Wagner's office today. They offered IV Sedation while I had a tooth extracted. They made me feel at ease, explain everything in detail, had the cost estimate before starting and the sedation was &quot;priceless&quot;! If I ever need work done in the future, I will definetley be returning to Dr. Wagner. I would recommend him to everyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
96	1	The Doctor and his Staff were all Top Notch . My surgery was at 8:00 AM , a time when most people you meet barely speak , much less smile . Not the case here . The entire staff , including the receptionist were Cheerful , Friendly , and Extremely outgoing to make sure I was comfortable . I felt a  sincere Family feeling from the time I arrived to the time I left . The Doctor was Thorough , and very proffesional . The Surgery itself was completely painless , and completed before I had a chance to even think about it . I would Highly recommend Doctor Wagner and His Staff to Everyone that may need Oral Surgery .  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
96	1	I've paid the 20% down and am waiting to hear how much of the procedure my ins. co. will cover.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
96	1	I wanted to have an implant and grafting needed to be done first. The initial consultation was free where others charge $125 or more. I decided to have it done. Dr. Wagner had developed 3 plans and we chose one. The grafting I was asleep for. There was never any pain whatsoever from that other than when a stitch started to tug. I had the implant which I was awake for; again no pain at all. I felt like I was there with my sisters and a very talented brother. They really treat you like family, including giving you a hard time in fun. It was almost an enjoyable experience. He charges much less than others and from my experience, is much more talented. I'd trust him with anything. They will all become your friends. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	I needed work done quickly and shopped around. I'm glad Dr. Wagner got me in the quickest because the experience was so much better than expected--I'm not the best patient when it comes to work in my mouth. The surgery was done extremely well but, more importantly (to me), I was put at ease by the friendliness and understanding of my fears by both the doctor and his assistant. I would recommend Dr. Wagner to everyone. As a bonus, the building the office is in is a gorgeous old home.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
96	1	I needed to have a molar extracted, that had a vertical fracture.  There wasn't much left to grab on to, so needless to say I was very nervous.  I had decided no matter what the insurance didn't cover, I wanted to be sedated.  Dr. Wagner and his staff were so kind and courteous, I knew that I was in good hands.  This is the first extraction that I have had, that I am not sore at all, even though it required a couple of stitches.  I was able to carry on my normal business without any pain at all.  I would recommend Dr. Wagner and his staff to any one.  Thanks to all that helped my experience a calm, good one.  I would have never believed that the day of an extraction that I would be going to a party that same evening.  Dr.  Wagner and his staff are AWESOME!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
96	1	The staff was friendly and caring and made my son's visit (wisdom teeth removal) as stress free and comfortable as possible. on a scale of 1-10 they are a 10.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
96	1	I was a bit apprehensive about having all four wisdsom teeth removed and wasn't looking forward to possible post surgery pain. However, Dr. Wagner and his staff took excellent care of me- both at my consultation as well as before, during, and after my surgery! All of the staff at Dr. Wager's office are utstandingly kind and friendly and they make surgery a breeze! I left the office after surgery with no swelling and very minimal pain. I attribute it to Dr. Wagner's expertise and excellent technique. I would definitely reccomend Dr.  Wagner and his staff 100%! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
96	1	I have worked in the dental field years ago, so I know a good dental office when I see one and they are far and few between. Dr. Wagner and his his staff are truly exceptional. Dr. Wagner is confident, yet down-to-earth and compassionate (a rare find!). He is very knowledgeable and without a doubt technically skilled. I had four wisdom teeth taken out at 41, and look better than most people I saw who had them taken out much younger. My pain and swelling were minimal--much less than I expected. His office is *exceptionally clean*, and he and his staff are superb about hiding anything that might give someone fear (tools prior to surgery, blood after a procedure, etc). Anna, the LPN who assisted during my surgery, was also very compassionate and understanding when I expressed my fears. Dr. Wagner followed up on me to see how I was doing. My experience couldn't be any better, if I wanted it to be. Of all the dentists I have seen, he ranks #1. Hands down and so does his staff! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	Very professional, knowledgeable and will spend the time needed to explain surgery information.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
97	1	He is the most caring pediatrician.  I work with many doctors and a daily basis and no one compares to his level of care.  He called me when my son wouldn't hurse, because of a gi bug, three times to check on him.  He offered to come into the clinic on his day off to see my son.  I went to urgent care and he called to see how it went.  He is wonderful!!!! I just wish I didn't have to drive a hour to see him since he left Eau Claire. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	awesome. did a great job. he is a very smart and dedicated doctor. he was able to figure out my problems when 2 other doctors in the area could not 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	-1	yelled at my husband for not returning to previous dentist to have work done. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
