dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Brian is amazing. Great professional. Excellent repair on my 2 front teeth after I seriously damaged them in fall. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	The 1st time I saw him he blew all of my symptoms off all because he said I was to young to have related problems. Then he asked me what I thought was wrong&#63; Well if I knew the answer to that why would I be in the ER!&#63;!&#63; So he ran some tests just to pacify me and told me he didn't find anything so I must be fine. I ended up back the next night and then the attitude came out. &quot;I told you yesterday that nothing was wrong, I ruled out the bad stuff so why are you back&#63;&quot; Really&#63;&#63; I finally told him I was going home and would go to a different Dr so he leaves. 2 mins later he comes back and says I would feel better if we ran 1 more blood test before you leave, it'll only take half an hr. So we waited another hr and a half before he came back in w/ his attitude and sent me home still having no idea what was or is wrong! What a unprofessional jerk! 	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	Took my wife into the ER because she had classic heart attack symptoms. Was disinterested and brushed it off. Left Sided chest pain, radiating to the back, shoulder, and left arm all the way down to the fingers. Self medicated with a spray of nitro before visit and it took all the pain away. Went back, and he was less interested, and brushed off any sort of cardiac issue due to HER AGE. And then when I got upset with him he got up on his high doctor pedestal and went on a rant. Wouldn't do anything to put our minds at ease, wouldn't listen to anything either my wife or I said (we are both in EMS and pre hospital patient care, and my wife has worked in several ER's) Dr. Foster is VERY unKnowledgeable, very poor bedside manor, very poor patient skills and exceptionally poor listening skills.  Will tell you he is right or he flat out doesn't know, and that you need to see another doctor. Not helpful at all at aleviating any sort of worry. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	Poor bed-side manner. Seemed disinterested and hurried, as though I was not worth his time. According to him the only treatment options I had were to have a C/T scan or go home and if I didn't feel better to follow up with another doctor. &#63;&#63; He only looked into one symptom and when asked about other symptoms simply said &quot;we didn't test for that.&quot; At one point he actually asked me what I thought was wrong. Well, if I knew that I wouldn't have gone to Urgent Care would I&#63; Overall, he was disinterested, un-knowledgeable, and I wouldn't say rude, but certainly not caring. 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	The absolute worst dentist I have ever seen in my entire life.  He put my five year old son through agony and then refused to treat him that evening when the pain was unbearable.  I had to take him to emergency room.  Turns out he cut into a nerve in my sons mouth.  An absolute nightmare and I think he is crooked ...Stay away from this guy.  I do not even think he is a legitimate dentist. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Our two sons went to him. Both had excellent care. Staff very friendly and helpful. Dr. Ferraro always answered any questions; and he even called me personally to discuss suggested care with another specialist.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
3	-1	This dentist insists that he can do every dental service. He professes to be knowledgeable in all dental areas. He does not admit when he is not able to do an appropriate job. He does not refer to other specialist when he should. 	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	I have been seeing Jeff for 4 years. He is a fabulous Psychologist. Nonjudgmental, insightful, kind, and caring. He is the fourth psychologist I saw and I intend that he will be the last.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
5	-1	Was awful. After going to see a real chiropractor I was so mortified that I had wasted my time with Dr. F in Kenosha.  Her tools and &quot;Therapy&quot; remind me of kids toys and had no affect on my Pain.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
6	1	Dr. Fenske has been my doctor for 15+ years.  She has always been attentive and up to date with my extremely complicated medical history.  She saw me through fibroid complications which interfered with me becoming pregnant.  Thanks to her I have two beautiful and healthy children.  To the not so satifised patient (06/2010), Dr. Fenske was battling cancer throughout 2010 so I highly doubt that she was actually taking vacations during your pregnancy.  It is because of her medical battles that she has since retired.  The OB/GYN practice has lost a great gift.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
6	0	Office staff is often preoccupied and flighty might be a good word. Forgot to mail me important documents 3 separate times at the beginning of my pregnancy and failed to obtain the records needed. In addition, Dr. Fenske has taken 3 vacations during the 28 weeks of my pregnancy causing some scheduling conflicts and I am fairly certain she forgets who I am with every visit. We often have to talk about things we talked about previously as she reads through my records as though she's unfamiliar with my pregnancy. That's pretty scary considering my previous pregnancy and delivery had several complications. She was recommended to me by United Healthcare (based on zip code, I believe), and I wish I would've changed doctors right away. Now I have found it difficult to secure a new doctor who is okay with how far along I am. I don't know if she's always really busy or just distracted, but for a pregnancy the level of care should really be much higher.  	2	3	2	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
7	-1	does not listen - is not not respectful or helpful to patient 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
8	0	She missed major pancreatic cancer that my husband nearly died from. He was her patient for 15+ years and saw her often. After he got so sick he could hardly walk we searched and found a native american protacal weeks before he would have died from the cancer.  We pulled 10 lbs of dead cancer cells from his pancreas liver and kidney over a 7 week time period. Pictures and proof   at our rough site curedmycancerdotcome. If she would have told us we would have started the alternative protocal 5 yeras sooner.  	2	2	2	4 	Insurance:Medicare
8	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	I originally had a different dr...who was excellent. But, in the end I ran into complications. My cervix was not ripening and I was 5 days from 41 wks. He was telling me I'm looking at c section. Well I refused, and was sent home until my 41 wk mark. Neat less to say I went into labor on my own and delivered 2 days before 41 wks. NATURALLY!! And Figuerres was my Dr. At delivery! She was amazing. Has an awesome personality, and a calming nature to her. I can honestly say I wish I had her all along. She does not believe in letting you tear and is great at keeping you calm even during uncomfortable situations. Thanks to her I have an amazing little man next to me now! Definitly reccomend this Dr.  To any woman with anxieties or that wants to not feel like labor is race to rush rush!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
10	1	Great GP doc, trustworthy, careful, and caring, and has very good staff. He refers and relates well to very good specialists.  I left one of those 'smarter, busier' doctors for him after rounds of too many unnecessary procedures and tests.  When he doesn't know, he tells you upfront and refers to the doctors who may know.  I prefer this sort of wisdom to pretentious and arrogant 'smarts'. Using his persistent and methodic approach he figured out a  gall bladder problem that had baffled the ER docs for 2 days. 	4	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Great experience for the past 7 years! My family goes to Dr. Feuerbach and we are very happy with the excellent care that he provides. Dr Steve (as we call him) is very knowledgable, yet willing to admit when he has a question regarding a problem - he has refered us to a couple of specialists, who were quite competent and supported Dr. Steve's recommendations. His staff has been responsive and friendly - willing to go the extra mile. My husband, children and I highly recommend Dr. Feuerbach without reservations! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	This doctor has very good bedside manner and is very polite and caring. He does not seem to be as smart and knowledgeable as I would like him to be, but he is honest and will admit when he does not know something and he will find out for you. His office is computerized and he can access any information immediately. There are other (busier, smarter) family doctors in Kenosha but I am going to stick with this doctor because he really cares for his patients.  		5	5	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	Doctor Fenlon is a top-notch doctor who takes a collaborative approach to medicine. As a matter of fact, all the doctors in his office use this approach. I DO have a say in MY health care and he values my input as we plot a course of action for whatever I am there for. Great doctor, I wouldn't have anyone else! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	He was my pediatrician until I was 19 and was always very helpful and had a great bedside manner. I had no hesitation in choosing him to be my daughter's (due Aug '11) pediatrician and was actually relieved that he was still practicing. I'm glad that I don't have to hunt around for an excellent doctor that I can trust with my child's health and well-being.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
12	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Dr. Fleming has been my primary for at least 15 years.  He has always referred me when I needed referral.  He has believed me when I reported rare and painful side effects to specialist's treatments, and has provided pain relief (that the specialist would not) that made it possible to complete a year course of the medications needed.  He is kind and really listens.  I only regret that he is getting older, like me, and I will probably have to find another primary someday. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	he made me feel really comfortable. be prepared to wait, appointments are off by 1h30 hr or more at least when i went. 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	An overall great ENT.  He takes the time to explain things and will remember you by name and things from your prior conversation. 	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
16	0	OK doctor. Very rude and brusque if you want to ask questions. Won't give a straight answer. If communication matters to you, you can find a better doctor elsewhere. 	4	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	I was the last patient of his  day, I was wheeled down for a heart cath. procedure and I was told that I would be sleepy and unaware of what he was doing. I felt everything. The female nurse said she gave me medicine to relax me and he started cutting, doing the procedure. I screamed at him to wait till the medicine kicked in and he just kept on doing it and I wound up screaming through the whole thing. No one came to help, I was wheeled back up and I was MAD and told my husband and everyone I saw what went on.  The nurse, male, came into the room and said &quot;you had meds&quot; &quot; you won't remember any of this.&quot;  I never was sleepy or went to sleep and my husband was there to prove it.  The nurse brought me a pain pill which helped then as I had to lay flat for 2 hours. I also heard him say (when I entered the room) that &quot;if it wasn't 75 to 80%  I am not touching it&quot;. I had 3 tests that all showed a problem with my heart and he said there is NOTHING wrong with your heart. 	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Dr. Fahl and his staff went above and beyond neccessary means to provide me with prompt, efficient, dental care. The staff goes out of their way to provide comfort and Dr. Fahl himself is an artist when it comes to what he does. I am proud to say I enjoy going to my dentist. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Top notch.  Caring, and cutting edge knowledge.  Diagnosed my diabetes and working with me to keep things on track with tests and appropriate referrals. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	0	Doctor is not very kind or understanding, gruff attitude.  	1	4	2	4 	Insurance:Aetna
20	1	I was not able to see my doctor in an emergency situation.  Dr. Fitzgerald spent over an hour with me, having never seen me before, two hours after he was called by a mutual friend on my behalf.  He scheduled an apointment for me the following day at the Mayo Clinic. Since then he has been truely caring and helpful.  FYI - if you or a loved one ever consider sinus surgery please google empty nose syndrome first.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
20	1	I have the highest respect for Dr Fitzgerald. My husband accompined my appointments a week before he died of a sudden death. I had another scheduled appoint, and when I walked in Dr. Fitzgerald held my hand, and he asked if I was ok, we sat and talked a while with no hurry, I felt truely care for not only his profession, but as a concern friend! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	No bedside manner, didnt listen to find out cause of problem, spent money on treatments i did not need to spend, made me feel like he didnt believe my problem. my new dr found problem on first visit. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Smart lady! And her nurse Paula is great too. I always leave feeling confident that all my symptons were addressed.  I don't feel like another number, she takes the time to look at my entire health profile! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
22	1	. Excellent doctor; not in a rush to leave the room; listens well, considers your opinion, examines all possibilities 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
23	-1	I had knee surgery over a year ago and it is the biggest mistake of my life, the pain is much worse now than it ever was pre-op. I can only bend my knee 90 degree and I have fallen 3 times. I get the feeling I am bothering Dr Fideler when I go to his office and I hope I never have to see him again, but because of Insurance the physicians are limited in number. 	3	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	 	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	2 holes in my bladder from hysterectomy.  Need vesicovaginal surgery to repair. 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	I have gone to Dr.Fletcher 12 yrs,kind,compassionate,competent.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
24	1	 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	His assistants are very thorough.  It was one of the best eye exams that I have had in years.  Dr. Ferguson was also able to answer the questions that I had regarding diabetes and the care that I would need for that condition.  I would recommend him highly.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
28	1	Has been very helpful with treating and helping in my post polio condition.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
28	1	Dr Fehr is a very knowledgeable and thorough doctor. He asks many questions and listens to the patient describing the issues. He is never in a hurry to complete the examination and is not a pill pusher but knows the interactions and effects of medicine. He is by far the best doctor I have ever had as a primary physician.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	Dr. Fehr has always gone out of his way to explain all matters to me thoroughly.  I have never felt rushed.  Dr Fehr goes out of his way to determine if everything discussed or done is clear. With a very specific and serious issue he diagnosed during a routine physical he called the specialist personally and I had surgery the following day. There are days that I thank God that Dr. Fehr took the time to diagnose the problem during a routine physical.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
28	1	. He is the only doctor that really cared and helped me! I don't know if I could have taken my pain and health issues on without him! Best doc me and my family has ever seen! He goes above and beyond if you are strait with him!!! Can't say thanks enough he probably saved my life! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
28	-1	no helpful at all..instead of helping me find a Rx, he perscribed another Rx that i sick on...i called him and he told me i had to come in and see him even though i found a pharmacy that had my original Rx... he is horrible 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	-1	I believe Dr. Fehr is unaware of addition and alcoholic issues in all areas. Please, if you are prone to alcoholism or drug addiction, be extremely careful proceeding.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
28	1	Dr. Fehr had a wonderful bedside manner. He explained my problem in a way that I could easily understand. I found his medical treatment of me and my family to be completely professional.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
28	-1	He will kill you. He knows jack about addition and prescribes anything you tell him to. Your definitely a number and cares little about the patient except the pharmaceutical industry. I had a back surgery in 04 and started me off on Fentynal 100mcg patches reserved for dyeing cancer patients. Go ahead if he appeals to you, but I for warned you that he will get you addicted so fast and hard the problem you went in with will seem like nothing.  	 8/12/07	4	4	2	Insurance:United Healthcare
29	1	Have always LOVED Dr Fleming and his staff.  My own knowledge base was high dealing with MS my whole life (mother had it also)  I knew what could happen, and he has always made me feel okay about what was happening at that time.  He at one point even called me on Xmas eve to give me some blood test results.  He has always valued my opinion as well.   Very very knowledgable and also has very good bedside manner  :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
30	1	Great Dentist.  I'm terrified of the dentist and he made me feel very at ease after 10 yrs of not going in at all.  His staff was so friendly and considerate of my fears.  Highly recommended. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Dr. Fleming delivered 2 of my 3 children. She is very professional, caring, gentle. She takes a natural approach to pregnancy and childbirth reducing the need for unnecessary procedures and interventions. She will listen to your concerns and will take the time to answer any questions, but she will not sugar coat anything. She is honest and straight forward. She is also very open and will work with you on your birth plan, rather than work against you like many OBs do.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	I love Dr. Fleming. She walked me thru two pregnacies and delivered one. She is so friendly and open, I could take to her about anything and not feel embarassed. Unfortunately she has moved to Colorado.  We'll miss you :-( 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
31	1	Dr. Fleming is a great doctor and very knowledagable. She listens to your concerns and answers all your questions. You can tell she really cares about you. She is also a great doctor to have during the delivery of your child. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	she acted like i was faking the pain in my leg. She made me go get x-rays then said she would write me a prescription when she got the x-rays back, but never did. I would not recommend her to ANYBODY - who is not African-American, because she is obviously **** against white people.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
33	1	Dr. Fogarty is WONDERFUL!! She is very knowledgeable and compassionate. She really cares about her patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
33	1	Very good with my 13 year old and answered questions clearly.  Made her feel at ease.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
34	-1	When I had seen Dr. Fagan, I did not have the same experience as the rest of the posters.  I felt very uncomfortable with him.  The things that were said to me were not very professional.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
34	1	Dr Fagan and his fellow doctors delivered my third son. I adore this man. He treated my family with the greatest respect and enthusiasm. His bedside manner in the delivery room exuded cheer and confidence. He always remembers to ask about my husband's cancer treatment, asks about my work, and even gave me his cell phone number when I was feeling particularly ill.  What kind of doctor does that&#63; 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
34	1	Dr. Fagan is one of the best gynecologists I've ever been to. When I moved from IL to WI I was looking for a new Dr. and boy did I find the right one! He is professional, caring, funny, very knowledgable and has the best &quot;bedside manner&quot; that I've ever encountered.  He is always there for his patients! When my daughter and her husband were expecting their first child I told my daughter to go and talk to Dr. Fagan and if she wasn't impressed then to look at others. As soon as they got home she called me and told me how much they were crazy for Dr. Fagan! He was so patient with her and all of their questions and explained every step of how everything was going to go.  She ended up having an 11 lb. 5 oz. healthy baby boy. But they knew he was going to be a big boy because of the close attention he paid to my daughter.  If you are looking for the best, call Dr.  Fagan in Kenosha! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Dr Fagan was great until if was time to deliver my child.  He didnt seem open to discussing my birth plan.  He also didnt explain that he was giving me an internal monitor- (which I got an infection from), I didnt get a chance to labor the way I wanted to because nothing was explained to me and I was given no choices about what I wanted.  I would have picked another pratice had I known my delivery would have been such a poor experience.  Dont get me wrong, Dr Fagan is nice and a VERY fun and warm person but feeling comfortable during my delivery was more important to me.  	4	3	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
34	0	I had to wait numerous times over 30-60 minutes when seeing Dr. Fagan.  Do these Dr's not realize that we have lives too, that need to go on&#63;  And we have things to do&#63;  I recommend if you do not like waiting for over an hour from the time of check in to leaving the office....to see another dr.... better yet another office 	3	1	3	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
34	1	I have been seeing Dr.  Fagan for 18 years and have followed him from IL to WI!  There's no way I'd see anyone else-he's simply the best!!!!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	I loved dr. fagan and all his staff! He wasn't my original dr. but ended up delivering me! He was so nice...and took the time to listen to me. The other two docs were great too! They all know what they are talking about and are on the same page.  I would recommend anyone to any of these doctors.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	I was nervous about a guy ob/gyn, but Dr. Fagan made our prenatal care an enjoyable experience.  He is always in a cheerful mood, which is very nice! He is also very knowledgeable and has great bedside manner! I will refer anyone who needs a great doctor to him, and the entire practice! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
34	1	Dr. Fagan is always in a good mood and it is contagious. He is caring and respectful. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	I've been going to Dr. Fagan for 20 years. He is a smart, caring professional that loves what he does. I wouldn't trade him for anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	I love their whole practice. Even though Dr. Fagan was not the one who delivered my daughter, I met with him several times during my first pregnancy. All 3 doctors seem to communicate well between themselves and were always on the same page when it came to my care. I am currently seeing them again for another pregnancy and couldn't be happier.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
34	1	Wonderful bedside manner, takes the time to explain everything and cares about his patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
35	1	She was very helpful and cared very much about ME.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	-1	Was very rude and not sensitive to miscarriage diagnosis. Would never return to her, she made us wait at least 30 min and then interrogated us. Lack of sensitivity and information was unbearable. Terrible experience with this dr! 	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Luke Fortney is probably the most knowledgeable, ethical, and dedicated doctors that I have ever seen during my extensive medical history.  I found him after a long search for help for a very complex medical condition that multiple surgeons and medical providers had been unable to help.  When I saw him I was totally disabled and sure I would be dead within the year.  Now almost 1.5 years later, I am not only still alive, but thriving -- back at work, exercising, and enjoying leisure activities again with friends.  I have my life back because he succeeded where others had failed.  He takes time and care, he keeps on top of research and innovations, and he is focused on doing what is right for patients rather than simply what is &quot;treatment as usual&quot;.  I now have sent several people to him, and all have said the same thing -- he is an extremely helpful, bright, and competent doctor. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	1) When it comes to a woman's organs - no one is better educated. 2) He's a fast and furious kind of doctor. Very efficient and enjoys helping many patients in one day. He is more likely to squeeze desperate patients into his schedule, which does make him late sometimes (often). 3) He is very thorough, and in my experience as long as I tell he and his nurse everything, he explains everything and they take care of me. 4) Dr. Fok is a specialist, if you want someone to hold your hand over every little thing, go see your primary. I've had 4 high risk babies with him, all resulting in successful deliveries and healthy children. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	I went through a few pregnancies and a complicated medical history with Dr. Fok. My first was a stillbirth that had no complications until no heartbeat at a routine check at nine months. He was there to see me to deliver despite it being his day off to attend church. With my next baby, he kept me on successful bedrest by trying a newer med at 20 weeks when my water broke that saw me through to nearly 27 weeks when I delivered my now 10 year old healthy daughter. (She would not have survived otherwise at 20 weeks.) At the time I was worried about a repeat and no longer wanted to have children, but he suggested I wait to decide. I did wait and now have three more blessings later. I do wish he would have recommended some genetic testing though -- that was likely the cause determined later for the losses and premature birth (thrombosis), and I did have other miscarriages. All in all, a good person, a busy doctor, and tries to do the best for all his patients.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	-1	Completely missed diagnosing a very simple problem. I thought something was weird that he would miss this. I even pointed it out and nothing! Highly NOT recommended! 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	was referred to Dr. Fok by my family practiioner as a well respected OB/GYN in Madison. I have had persistent dysplasia for years and he hes been very helpful in providing options for treatment. He is direct and to the point be prepared to be your own advocate as should be done with any doctor. While personable, he's not someone who is warm and fuzzy but I'm more interested him for his knowledge v. being someone to chat with. I have found his key nurse to be extreamly compassionate and helpful. I stongly recommend Dr. Fok and his staff. Not the most timely office but I believ he's well worth the wait. 	5	2	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	Irresponsible attitude and leave an unprofessional report on patient's record.  Highly not recommanded.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	I disagree with the first entry.  Dr Fok is an excellent doctor, very caring and compationate.  It is his schedule at the clinics, in which he has little control of that would make him late and is out of his control.  He is an OB doc and does have to deliver babies which would be out of his control when these happen.  I have never had any problems asking him my questions and having them answered.  He is very knowledgeable...  An absolute wonderful doctor. 	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	I not only had to travel for an hour to be on time for my appointment, but still wait for another hour to be assisted taking into account that I had to ask them twice how much longer I had to wait. Finally, this man showed up treating me like an animal, without having the minimum care on my person and hurting me badly.The only thing he said was something about wearing a cream and see me again in a month.And that was it.He left when I had many questions to ask him about my health problems and concerns but, he did not let me talk when I attempted to ask.  I feel that his patients mean nothing to him but numbers. Where is the professionalism and HUMAN concern of this doctor for his patients&#63; I think he should get a training on human relations and how to listen before continuing making feel bad more patients.I wasted my time and left with even more questions and a lot of physical pain. He was rough and not careful at all besides being rude and impolite.A real doctor listens an cares! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Great doctor! Very knowledgeable, caring, and takes his time with his patients.  I highly recommend him! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
38	1	He is a wonderful doctor.  Very patient and takes the time to explain everything to both the child and the parent.  You never feel rushed. . .you can tell he really cares and loves his job.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
38	1	Great Doctor...always caring..takes his time with you...very knowledgable...very personable..great with kids...my boys love him! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	0	.  	3	3	3	2 	Insurance:Humana
39	1	Very nice appointment and he spent alot of time with me. He made sure we covered everything I wanted to discuss and I would definitely see him again.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
39	-1	very poor with knowing information about the elderly.  sent an 89 year old man with heart failure and pneumonia home with an antibiotic. and then later ended up in hospital and still didn't think i should go to nursing home to get rehab.  	2	2	2	1 	Insurance:Medicare
39	1	He was was very average, but did fine. My minor complaint was that he really didn't spend very much time with me in the exam. room. However, his treatment plan did work and he was very friendly throughout the appointment. He isn't my PCP, but I would go back to him if I couldn't get an appointment with my regular doctor. 		4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	Listens, Knowledgeable, and will research when she needs too. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	. great 	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	Dr. Fink was very kind, caring and knowledgable. He re-built a molar using the ultra-violet light composite technique. It was a great alternative to a root canal and looks like the molar I was born with. I save $1100 dollars  and can chew anything.  One of the best dentists I ever had! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
43	1	Dr.Farnen is one of the most compasionate phyician I have ever  encountered. He does run later at times for his appointments, but that is due to his overall concern and thoroughness he has for his patients. If I had to wait 1 1/2hrs past my appointment time to see him, I would.  His knowledge and care he has for his patients is well worth the wait. If he is running late, his staff comes and notifies you that he is running late.  Then they will ask you if there is anything they can get for you to make your wait more comfortable.  I would highly recommend Dr. Farnen for anyone needing a Hematologist.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
44	1	I really enjoyed Dr. Fossum.  She is very caring and understanding.  She could also relate with me on having a smaller than average child.  She was great with my kids and they actually liked going in for checkups.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	Dr. Fitzpatrick was on call when our 19 year old son came to the hospital in cardiac arrest.  Dr.  Fitzpatrick saved our sons life and is doing great! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
45	0	Dr Fitzpatric yelled at one of the nurses in the room just for asking a question. I am not sure if he thought I could not hear him or if he behaves this way all the time! i hope I never have to have him care for me when I am unconscious! 	1	3	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Dr. Dennis Fitzpatrick is a caring person and he stands out as a fine doctor of medicine. He is the type of person who supports a person fully. I felt confident that he could handle any difficult situation or emergency that came up in ICU. Dr.Fitzpatrick and the cardiac team that came from Cleveland Ohio to Fond du Lac Wisconsin I think is an asset to the community and I am thankful they are here every time I hear an ambulance. I know the person is recieving good care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Dr. Fetherston has been my doctor for 16 years he's an awsome and trustworthy doctor one of the best. Even though he is late alot he is a very busy man.   I will always go to dr mike he also seems like family to me my well alost whole entire family goes to dr f 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
46	0	My biggest beef with Dr. Fetherston is he is ALWAYS late.  So much so that I once had to leave before even being seen by him (over an hour combined between waiting room and private patient room).  While his bedside manner is not bad and he has a sense of humor, he often left me feeling like the issues and questions I brought up were stupid or at least inconsequential.  I would not recommend him.  	3	1	2	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
46	1	He's been my doctor for my entire life, he has also been my mother's doctor since she was 15 or so. He's late sometimes, but not exceedingly so. Very funny, very intelligent.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
46	1	I have been a patient of Dr Fetherston for over 15 years. and I can't say enough good about him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	His bedside manner is friendly. He is very intelligent. He is very patient. He is an expert in prescribing medications.  	 4/15/07		5	5	Insurance:Humana
47	1	Dr. Findling has since changed from the last review listed!  He is an AMAZING doctor.  He listened to me and was able to diagnose the very uncommon Cushing's Disease when others dismissed me as simply being overweight.  He literally saved my life.  I am now almost a year post-op and can not thank him enough :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	-1	I was very disappointed at how this practice has gone downhill over the years.  It was supposed to be the place to go if you had a diabetes or thyroid problem.  Dr. Findling used to actually see his patients and now he doesn't even show up for appointments.  He cancelled on me for a year and a half straight, without any notice.  I showed up for six visits without knowledge that my appointments had been cancelled.  I had friends who also used to go there, due to my referrals who have now moved on to other physicans as well due to similar disappointments.  Once couldn't get her diabetes meds refilled because she hadn't had a regular follow-up.  She had to remind them that they had cancelled on her a half dozen times, not the other way around, and they still refused to fill it.  She had to go to the ER. 	1	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
48	0	I agree with whoever said that she talks down to you.  This was my first visit to her offices and to a gyno in general and she made me feel very uncomfortable asking questions.  I am a fairly smart person, I'm a student at UW Madison and with every question I asked she looked at me like I was stupid and had no reason to say such things.  I also informed her of my families medical history and she seemed completely disinterested especially when I had questions referring to my own issues.  I would not like to return to her ever again and I'm currently searching for a new doctor.  The office workers are even worse, they don't do their jobs of calling insurance companies when they have a questions, if they get confused about something, they just cancelled my appointmentd and I had to call the insurance company myself and then call the office workers and explain why I can still see the doctors there. 	2	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
48	-1	Dr Fifield is very down to earth and very knowledgeable with what she does!!!! I was ifie about seeing her at first but absolutely love her!!! Her other co doctors, are the one that are VERY rude.   Her office manager is only worried about money, she only comes out when you owe them money!!! And she's very inconsiderate!!! I wish Dr Fifield would start her own practice, she would be amazing by herself :) 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
48	-1	Dr Fifield has absolutely NO bedside manner!  She talked down to me on several occasions and pretty much looks at you like you are a complete idiot if you have questions.  I will not be returning to this pratice. She ruined a good portion of being a patient at this office.  	3	2	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
48	1	I had to see Dr. Fifield when I had a miscarriage.  I usually saw Dr. Fagan or Robinson, but unfortunately, they weren't available.  I was going to let the miscarriage happen naturally instead of having the D&C;, but I felt that Dr. Fifield scared/pressured me into having the surgery, telling me the natural miscarriage was as painful as contractions and I could go that route if I could &quot;handle&quot; the pain and I might have to have the D&C; anyways. She spoke down to me and had no bedside manor.  She made me feel worse about the situation I was in.  One reviewer said Dr. Fifield tells it like it is, which I don't mind as long as there is some compassion behind it. I would NOT recommend her to anyone, and if you choose to go to this practice, see either Dr. Fagan or Robinson, as they are both kind and knowledgeable.  Because of the treatment by Dr. Fifield, I have decided not to return to this practice.  	4	3	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	0	I was told about Dr. Fifield from a friend. I was quite excited to see because of what my friend had said. She was not very warm at all and when it came time for my surgery they had me pre pay. Who does that when you have insurance&#63; The amount that I paid was way too much. When I call the office about this they were rude and acted like it was my fault the insurance gave to much of a discount. I did get my money back. I just fell like because I am done having babies she does not want to take care of my needs.I will be looking for a new OB.  	4	4	2	3 	Insurance:Aetna
48	-1	I was not happy with the care Dr. Fifield gave me. Her office staff was not very educated. At one point, the nurse was not sure if my daughter's heart defect, which she was born with, should be classified as a birth defect. Also, the doctor seemed too concerned about giving me more than 1 ultrasound because she said she would have to justify extra ultrasounds to the insurance company. Even though my child has a heart condition that is genetic. To top it off, the accountant at the doctor's office expects me to start paying for the c section next month, when I will be only 16 weeks. Came away from this visit thinking that this office is mostly concerned with money. Am looking for a new obgyn. 	1	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	I really like Dr. Fifield. She is very knowledgeable and friendly. I feel very comfortable at my appts with her. She usually runs right on time. My only complaint would be that the front desk staff at her office is a bit unprofessional.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
48	1	I love their whole practice. I met with all 3 doctors during my first and current pregnancy. They seem to communicate well between themselves and were always on the same page when it came to my care. Dr. Fifield delivered my daughter. She was calm, professional and a comfort. I would be completely at ease and thrilled if she was on call to deliver baby #2 as well. I can't say enough positive things about this wonderful group.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
49	1	He is amazing - I am able to get appointments for kids at a moments notice. Takes as much time during exam session as I need. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	Dr. Jim Fogarty is the best suregon I have ever been to. He has a Mayo  background. He is extremely smart. He is very kind. Always listens. Has Clinic's in Rice lake, Hayward, Cable, Wisconsin. He is the only Doctor that takes walk-ins. He is the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	I believe Dr. Feigal is a wonderful openminded physician. He respected my wishes/issues and worked with me to find an answer. Medical Facility was also filled with welcoming staff, and clean facilities. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	Very open minded and friendly. He respects my input for shared decision making. He is professional and personable too. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	Dr. Faudree is a excellent doctor. The care our family receives is beyond what we would expect from a doctor.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
53	1	If you're looking for a doctor who will truly listen and take the time you need to discuss your medical issues, Dr. Fenster should be your doctor. He always provides superior advice and treatment.  Easy to get in to see him.  Prompt in keeping appointment times.  Makes a real effort to get to know his patients.  Highly recommend this doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	He's a little quiet, but he is very nice and smart.  A great doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Dr. Faustich is a fantastic doctor. He makes you feel like you are his most important patient. Very knowledgeable and answers questions clearly.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
54	1	Dr. Faustich has made my high risk pregnancy a little more bearable.  He always gets me in for samd day appointments if I'm having any trouble, is always on time, and is very thorough with tests, exams, etc. I'm now 6 months pregnant, a miracle after 3 miscarriages!  I have no doubt that it's Dr. Faustich's excellent care that has made this baby possible! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	This is one doctor anyone can trust. He is very polite. Very punctual, Very understanding, very helpful, and Absolutely VERY KNOWLEDGABLE.. AND has a very nice staff I couldn't say enough about this doctor but Dr.  Faustich is a super doctor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
54	1	He is absolutely loved by his patients. He is very thorough and quite likeable. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	0	He wants cash up front - no messing around with insurance - that is your problem.  He knows what he is doing - that is for sure - but after you pay - he isn't such a nice guy and you are stuck! 	4	1	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Very friendly and takes the time to listen.  She has moved to her own practice. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Dr. Fosso is the best, she is honest and kind. I always feel she makes time for me! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Dr. Fosso is great!  She is friendly, helpful, and she gets you in and out.  She listened to my concerns and pain, and she proscribed appropriate treatments.  My pain dimished significantly and my mobility increased back to my usual self. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	Very rude..would recommend going to someone else. Very unprofessional. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	Dr. Fay swore during two of my recent visits.  He was rough on my mouth during most visits.  He did not return to the room after a visit for a crown.  The last person I saw was the dental assistant.  The final straw for me was when he told me I was annoying him because I was not relaxing when he was drilling out a cavity.  I will be finding a new dentist. 	3	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Dr Fard, came in on his day off to help my mother in law who had a broken tooth.  He has an incredible sense of humor, and treats you like family.  Highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Dr. Fard helped me multiple times with replacing a broken tooth.  He has extremely helpful and kind, and made the implant as painless as possible.  I highly recommend him. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Dr. Fard is incredibly personable and makes you feel like his most important patient.  He does excellent work and I am looking forward to having him as my dentist for years to come. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Dr. Fard does a great job.  I have referred many friends and family to them and all agree. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	The BEST Cardiologist in Milwaukee, WI. He discovered I had a congenitally defective Aortic valve and hooked me up with the best Cardio-surgeon in this city/state (DR. PAUL H. WERNER) in May 2010.  My Aortic valve was replaced and I am now alive and well, thanks to Dr. Thomas G. Fenske.  He is a very down to earth person, has great bedside manner and knows his stuff.  I highly recommend him to anyone needing a good Cardiologist.  I would not have lived much longer without his diagnosis and insistance that I have the surgery when I did.  I didn't think I needed it, he told me why I needed it and that I need it immediately.  I listened to him and I am glad I did. Dr.  Fenske is the best!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
59	1	Excellent Cardioligist.Very caring.Uses a lot of diagnostic tests to make sure of the right diagnosis. Saved my life! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	Peter is the best psychiatric care I have ever had. He helped me to notice things about myself that I never did, like ADHD and OCD. Not major cases of either, but just enough to cause difficulties in daily life. He doesnt just prescribe medication, but tells you about them and the side effects and how others have responded to them. He discusses what you want in a medication and you choose which one you want, to a degree. I would not want to let anyone else pick my brain. I have felt a lot better since i started seeing him last year. I even transferred to his new facility because I wont see anyone else. Peter makes you feel like your talking to your best friend, like you have known him all your life. I cant say I have trusted anyone else more than him.  He deserves an award of some sort! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
60	1	He was good to me. Its a darn shame that he has to Leave Aurora. That will be a LOSS for those of us in the Green Bay.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
60	1	Took a couple times for him to really get my problems, complex symptoms always take a while for doctors to get.  I rate a doctor not by what position in their class they graduated or how fancy the clothes are, but instead I want a doctor that is intellectual curios about my case, which Dr Fischer does very good job for me.  He doesn't just ask me what pills I want, he diagnoses the symptoms by what he sees and hears from me.  Might not work for some, but it works for me because I didn't go to school like he did and don't have the patient experiences like him.  He is a very good doctor that takes time to listen/understand the problem (even if appt runs long).  He is down to earth (not snobish) and is also interested in my overall well-being.  My counselor (Phd level) and him interact about my case when one sees something the other might want to know. He takes a picture 1st appt for his file to put a face to your phone calls.  My only problem with him is some of his nurses aren't good.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
60	-1	No reassement on pateints for prior issues, makes judgements with no recent visit, Will not talk with patients over the phone!!!!  Just another pill pusher...........  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
61	-1	Dr Foster is a hand surgeon who performed carpel tunnel surgery on me.  I woke after surgery with the nerves cut to my 2 middle fingers.  He wouldn't address the problem, and I was forced to seek help elsewere.  A subsequent surgery by another doctor repaired one finger, but I was left with one painful finger.  The second surgeon advised that Dr Foster had not even opened the &quot;tunnel&quot; during the initial surgery.  I should have known when I saw how abusive verbally he was to his staff.   Find another doctor, this guy can hurt you!!!! 	 5/19/09	3	3	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	-1	 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	My 6 month-old son is a patient of Dr. Fedderly's. His nurse practitioner, Mary, and him are very thorough in making sure we understand everything that's going on. They treat us like we're family. Very caring. I would highly recommend Dr. Fedderly to anyone else! 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	This doctor has absolutely no bedside manner. If you have the misfortune of getting this guy as a doctor at the ER at Meriter you will see how mean, condescending, and rude he is. If you have the ability save yourself the trouble and request any doctor but Dr Ferrella when you get to the ER. 	5	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	Im very professional person and I must say, he use great professionalism and his personality was wonderful to and family memebers....Answer all of my questions,work out a plan for me,its been successful...My Doc for 7yrs...Im thankful for him crossing my path....  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	-1	Had surgery done on 12-8-10 and Dr. Fleer sent me home with a fever and I have had nothing but problem spent 17 days in hospital and had 2 other surgeries after that.  He as since left town and can not be found if he reads this I would like to say what a jerk he is face the fact that you made a mistake and own up to it.  other good doctors would. I would NEVER send anyone to you.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
65	-1	Unprofessional.   I felt as if he was interested only in selling me on a laser treatment for hair rather that dealing with my issues 	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	Bright, compassionate, caring and very pleasant.   Best doctor I have had in 65+ years.                 I am honored to be one of his patients.             He works from a M.C.W clinic, Plank Road Clinic on Mayfair Road.                                    Clinic staff and nurses are great, helpful and pleasant.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
68	-1	Terrible doctor, arrogant, untrustworthy uncaring, always late, never took time to explain anything.   Would never return 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	. This is my regular doctor and he's absolutely incredible! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
70	1	she is the greatest doctor I could ask for. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Awesome ER 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	-1	I found him to be unprofessional, rude, and, most unfortunately, completely unhelpful. He also didn't seem to have a clue as to what he was doing. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Hands down the most caring and thorough Dr. I have ever met. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	Dr. Foley and his staff are fantastic! I feel very comfortable going to the dentist and everyone makes you feel very comfortable.  Very knowledgeable and professional staff! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
75	1	Dr. Finn was helpful with me and my family. My daughter used to have ear infections all the time, and since going to him, she has not had one. We are so thankful for him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	I couldn't recommend a better chiropractor than Dr. Ford.  He is wonderful!  He's polite, takes time to discuss ailments and treatment plans.  He is friendly and takes a genuine interest in the patient.  He is quick--I think the longest appointment I've ever had was 5 minutes.  However, he's effective.  Highly recommend him! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
76	-1	Ford wants you in and out as quick as possible.  Crack your back, thanks, see you next time.  When I went back to him a second time, he did not even seem to remember me or what I was there for, did a hurry up job, and took off to see his next patient. 	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	This man listens and cares. Is straight forward without being brusque. Will bend over backwards to listen and help. Always responds to phone calls and returns same. Treats each family individually. Never pawns you off on his PA unless you want that. He's saved my life and my daughters life more than once. He's great with kids as well as older adults. 	 12/15/06		5	5	Insurance:Unknown
78	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Dr fetter is very good listener.Very helpful.And Knowledgable 	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	-1	Dr. Fetter is extremely UNPROFESSIONAL. One of my clients sees her and he is terrified. She hangs up on people and thinks because she's a &quot;doctor&quot; that she knows everything. She talks down to people who don't have the same level of education as her. She should get her license revoked. Don't waste your time.  She's a quack! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
78	-1	Unfortunately, Dr. Fetter &quot;misdiagnosed&quot; psychiatric disorders that eventually lead to EPS and left me in the ER convulsing. After sharing my story, I found that she is known in the community for overprescribing and a lack of attention to contraindications. While she is a great listener, the combination of samples and scripts made my outcome impossible for a pharmacist to track. The process which led up to EPS took one month, ten medications and ten visits (a new med per visit) to a never before diagnosed, healthy woman seeking stress management info.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
79	0	Dr. Fernando never did a physical check of my thyroid. Guess what&#63; I have a cancerous nodule on my thyroid that another doctor found in a routine exam when I was sick. He asked in January when I saw Dr. Fernando last, I said, October. He shook his head and said it should have been detectable then. So I spent thousands to have her cut corners on the physical exam and now I'm having my thyroid removed and radiation. Could she have prevented this&#63; No. Could she have caught it earlier&#63; YES! If you want to lose weight, she's the doctor to go to. She'll put you on Metformin and other drugs to speed the process. But I would not recommend going to her for thyroid treatment. A doctor that cannot admit you to the hospital for treatment isn't much help when you have cancer. 	2	1	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
79	-1	.  	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
79	1	She is a wonderful doctor. Her accounting practices terrible. The bills were never accurate and the insurance company not properly billed. I hate to leave a good doctor but I cannot afford their mistakes.  	4	1	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
79	1	I found Dr. Fernando online for Thyroid treatment after seeing no results with my current doctor. She not only got my thyroid back to normal using natural hormones, she discovered the cause of my weight gain: hyperinsulinemia.     Other doctors just relied on my blood sugar tests, which are normal. Dr. Fernando also tests for the amount of INSULIN in the blood because high levels mean your carbs are not processing correctly and going directly to the fat cells.     I've lost over 50lbs!     Dr. Fernando sits down with you and goes over all of your blood test results and explains them to you. Like a detective, she gets to the root of the problem and treats the CAUSE, not just the symptoms! 	 2/1/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	Dr. Fernando helped me a lot! When I was younger, I ate the wrong foods and never exercised.  My parents would take me to sports and such but I wasn't budging. My pediatrician just said i was lazy and overweight, a nutritionist didnt help either. I didn't know what to do. I came in to see Dr.F when I was 16 years old and 210lbs.  It was always hard for me to lose weight.  We ended up looking at my blood tests and she explained that my fatigue and cravings were due to my quick drops in blood sugar levels and my high levels of insulin.  I was diagnosed with hyperinsulinemia.  I was only 16, but she drew a picture for me on a piece of paper explaining the functions and why and how I was hyperinsulinemic.  She prescribed me some meds and I continued to see her for one and half more years on a regular basis.  When I was 18, I went to my senior prom in a size 9 dress.  I weiged 135.  I'm now 20 years old and still in the 130s.  I have a better understanding of my body thanks to Dr. Fernando.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
79	1	Excellent doctor, however works between two states- WI &amp; Florida,so think it's difficult for them to stay on top of things. Have had difficulty getting by statements to send in for my eflex plan and had a hard time getting thyroid- went without it for almost 2 months with the tyroid shortage. 	3	3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	0	The doctor was very helpful.  The billing practices and accounting services terrible.  One person handled medical assistant services and billing.  The statements were never correct, and frequently did not reflect payments made.  When claims were submitted to insurance, they took over 5 months to process due to errors on the part of the provider.  They faxed claims and had no formal accounting practice, so errors were frequent.  	1	2	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	0	I agree with the comments made about her staff.  Not very nice people.  Their billing system or lack of is terrible!  They would take my money and not credit my account until I pushed the issue.  It all so seemed that the would keep raising the price of an office visit with out letting me know about it.  Appointment time ment nothing at all.  At one time I waited over two hours. Dr. low carb diet works, if you follow it.  For what knowledge she does have you would be much better off taking your time and money to different doctor. 	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
79	-1	I was very disappointed with her staff - they are very rude and do not understand insurance billing procedures. Dr. Fernando was also a disappointment as she cancels appointments frequently and won't give lab results for months. (I would not recommend her) 	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	-1	Very poor record keeping.  Dr. Fernando cancels appointments frequently. I have to call the office for lab results and it takes weeks to get them.  I have had high lab results and have not been advised what to do about it. I have also requested paperwork from this office over a month ago and still have not received it.  Dr. Fernando is knowledgable and has helped me. but I have had to seek another doctor for my care. 	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	Dr. Fernando was the best thing that happened to me. I went from doctor to doctor trying to find out why I wasn't feeling good and couldn't get better. I was diagnosed with hypothyroidism and put on Syntroid but no changes. Docs agreed my thyroid level was still off but just told me to go on anti-depressant! That is when I went to the library and did some research. Read Mary Shomans' Book about Thyroid Disease and found out about Dr. Fernando. She took tests, explained the results to me and how she was going to help me feel better. She was right on. Dr. Fernando prescibred Thyroid, which actually forces your thyroid to start working again and I feel normal again! I highly recommend her. She also looks at your other hormone levels as they are all related. Found my levels were out of sinc in several areas.  She knows what she is talking about! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	-1	Dr. Fernando claims to be a top doctor for thyroid conditions; however, she specializes in bariatrics so unless you have a weight problem related to your thyroid, I would not recommend her. Her rates are very high ($270 for initial visit-$250 for follow-ups) and my insurance benefits were reduced by 20% because she can not admit to a hospital. I had my thyroid level checked and it was extremely low (.07) and I did not receive a foloow-up call from her in over a week. It was not until I called the office and had my test results faxed to me that I realized I needed to reduce my medication. Her reception area is expensively decorated with antiques/artwork but her examination rooms consist of a folding chair and cupboard on the wall. Don't waste your time with this doctor. 		1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
80	-1	.  	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
81	0	Dr Ferber worked ok for me.  Though I dont think we meshed that well.  I was with her about two years I think.  I had a feeling that she was not on level with my dx.  I felt like I was being medicated to placate me.  Without going into details I felt like the medications were supposed to 'pull' me together.  Didnt really work.  But I was too timid to say much.  	4	5	2	3 	Insurance:Anthem
81	0	Was an okay doctor.  Almost made it seem as if I had diagnosed my child before we went to see her.  	5	5	3	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
81	0	 	4	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	Takes the time to listen and conveys a feeling of honest concern for your health.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
84	-1	Stay away from this doctor.  He is rude, incompetent,useless.  He is the worst doctor that I have ever experienced.  He is not interested in being helpful. He was demeaning and treated me like a 5 year old.  He questioned me as if I was wasting his time.  All I can say is stay away.   BAD DR! 	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
85	1	Great Doc! Always willing to take my call and answer any of my questions. Really cares about his patients and making sure that they are comfortable. Even when he is running a bit behind, I have never felt like he rushed my appointment or gave my concerns any less attention. Would tell anyone looking for a knowledgeable and caring doc to pick Dr. Fait. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	I had issues with two pregnancies and thanks to Dr Fait  I have my daughter now. If you have questions - call your doc, don't assume that they will call you to talk about your pills, as they busy delivering babies and taking care of complicated pregnancies.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
85	1	Dr. Fait's office staff are always helpful and attentive.  They are happy to help with questions, and the doctor will return your calls timely.  They are always punctual and I always feel like I have an opportunity to ask questions with the Doctor providing options.  I would recommend him for anyone who wants a doctor who has experience, knowledge and a great bedside manner.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
85	1	Dr. Fait is wonderful! He takes a lot time explaining and makes sure I understand what he means untill I'm comfortable.  He's always been so patient, easy to reach, and helpful! Out of the 3 different dr's I've had with my 3 pregnancies he's by far been the best 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
85	-1	I do not recommend this doctor. He's much too busy to care about individual patient concerns. Each appointment feels rushed. He also prescribed birth control pills to me for five years without checking to see if there were other methods to regulate my period. I found a way to regualte my period on my own! Also, if you want to switch doctors, Dr. Fait will charge $30 to transfer your records.  Don't bother with him!! 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
86	0	I have been with this doctor for 4 years. I have RA with A LOT of complications. I have found him to be very compassionate with me.  I like him as a person.  He listens to my input and will sometimes change couse based on that input.  I study my disease a lot, and sometimes it seems I know more about it, and the new meds than he does.  That is quite obviously a problem.  I am currently seeking out a new doctor, but I want to get it right this time.   His nursing staff however, is amazing! 	5	3	3	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
86	-1	Very impatient. Prescribed medications to treat my symptoms, not my disease. Made me feel like I was wasting his time during every appointment! Months of doing bloodwork (which results I was never informed of...and some even &quot;lost&quot;). Have had many &quot;miscommunications&quot; about starting and stopping medications. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
86	-1	Whipped off a dx of fibro without even loking at anything else. Did not want to seem to bother with you. His knowledge on fibro did not correspond to the info I had collected on that dx. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
86	-1	Doesn't understand or listen well to his patients. Prefers to do blood tests and prescribe meds rather than get to the root problems. Gets frustrated easily with his patients. Has no backbone to his colleges. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	I am totaly happy with the knowledge and care My wife and I get from Dr Fish. He diagnosed my wife's breast cancer in time to save her life or the further spread of cancer.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
87	1	patient and informative.  explains condition/ailment in lay terms.  very punctual, thorough and precise. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	Takes the time to gather background information.  Carefully considers all the possibilities, then takes appropriate action. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	Dr. John Fish is an excellent doctor. He is caring and knowledgeable. He is extremely proactive and will get to the bottom of whatever your problem is. He does not give up and if he cannot find a solution to your problem / illness he is not afraid to refer you to a specialists who may be able to help you further. My husband, I and our daughter go to Dr. Fish and all are thoroughly pleased with the level of service and care he and his office provides for us. Both my parents, as well see Dr. John Fish as their primary care doctor. He is excellent with seniors, he'll take extra care and time to explain to them-----understanding that seniors may have memory and / or hearing problems. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Dr. Flood was very condescending to me (the mother of the patient) when I asked for a consultation prior my child receiving nitrous oxide for sedation during treatment for her cavities.  He was obviously annoyed that I would as for a consultation prior to him working on my child.  Both my husband and I have medical back-grounds (nurse practitioner and physician assistant) and he spoke to me in the most unprofessional, condescending manner- I was beyond upset.  I allowed him to treat my daughter that day, but I have since changed providers.  THERE ARE OTHER PEDIATRIC DENTIST IN THE LACROSSE AND ONALASKA AREA! Just open your phone book and make a call.  If  you like a long wait, being treated disrespectfully and having someone &quot;care&quot; for YOUR child in such a cold-hearted manner, than this is the office for you!  For me, I have taken my business elsewhere! 	3	3	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
88	-1	This place is not friendly at all. Dr. Flood is rude and condescending.My kids will not be going back to there. 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Excellent experience!  My son was very aprehensive and Dr. Flood put him at ease.  He took the time to talk to me about my son's teeth and gave excellent advice.  My son is only four and thinks very highly of Dr. Flood.  A great experience! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	-1	This was to be our kids 1st dental appointments as a family we were very excited to see Dr Flood. When we walked into the office I was blown over by the smell of burning candles. What kind of kids office burns candles&#63; We waited in the office for 30 minutes. I went up to the desk &amp; asked how much longer, we were advised it would be soon. 20 minutes later we were called back &amp; again waited another 10 minutes we realized it had been an hour. I asked to speak to Dr Flood and told him that it was wrong to have us wait for an hour.  His only response was that this was &quot;pediatric dentistry!&quot;  Did he expect me to say oh then that's ok. I advised him that I would not be coming back and his response to me was &quot;we will be just fine without you!&quot;  Wow! How unprofessional. This guy has no patients for adults I would hate to see him with my little guys. So if your looking for some friendly service and want to be appreciated for your business this guy is not 4 you. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	I am thrilled with Dr. Fishbaugh!! I was hating my teeth and he is making me want to smile again! I had ground my top front teeth short and he lengthened them a bit. They look AWESOME! Thanks Dr.  Fishbaugh 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	-1	ruined my upper right molar. he put a crown on it and i have not been able to chew with that tooth since. went to a different dentist and have not been back.  	3	3	2	1 	Insurance:Anthem
90	1	Very helpful and skilled, not judgemental. Sensitive to patients' anxiety. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	Though larger than the average man, Dr. Ferentchak does his job well. My one complaint would be the sadistic dental hygienists. I've lost an ungodly amount of blood as a result of the mauling of my gums. My advice: take an Advil before your appointment. 	3	4	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Always has time to listen and answer my questions. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Is willing to listen to your questions and answers them completely and in an easy to understand manner.  Never acts rushed or put out and makes it feel that your health is her priority. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	Super Dentist! I've lived in many parts of the US and have had a number of different dentist, but this guy is by far the best I've ever had. Cost is comparatively moderate. Staff is courtious, knowledgeable and helpful. They do all the claims paperwork. Dr. Farrow is extremely good with the needle, careful to not cause too much pain. Considerate (always explains the procedures and discusses options). He is very fussy (and good) about the fit and functionality of his work. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	Dr Fenske is very nice and will sit down and explain what all of the options that are available and explain why he is choosing the option he is choosing. He has answered every question I have had and not had any problem taking extra  time if needed. He also is very accommodating. I feel very safe in knowing I'm getting some of the best care from Dr Fenske.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
95	-1	Only met for the surgery. Had problems afterwards and was only seen by his associates who offered no real solutions. The staff wanted to make it look like I achieved 20/20 vision so kept hollering at me to blink and squint so that I could read the eye chart. Have had halos and poor night vision since my lasik. Second opinion says that I never had my astigmatism corrected so I have to wear glasses to correct it. Overall I am not happy w/ the care received.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	-1	Spent very little time with me--staff did most of the work not him.   Seemed very anxious to do surgery 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
96	1	Dr. Fehrman is a great orthodontist.  My children's teeth are beautiful!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	He literally saved my husband's life. I will be forever grateful to him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	 	4	2	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	Dr. Fischer has been our family physician for years.  Encephalitis, drug addiction, heart disease, hysterectomy, thyroid disease, affecting different family members, Dr. Fischer has been an extraordinary physician for our family. Refers to specialists when necessary.  Always very thorough and excellent, professional interaction with us.  I highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	I have had several major health issues over the past 6 years and he has handled them with competency.  He may not seem to make time for &quot;whiners&quot; but he truly cares when it is warrented or needed. I think he is excellent.  His nurses are great but the front office staff can be somewhat snotty though. 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	He was right on with his diagnosis and treatment. I had seen several soca that didn't do anything for me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
99	1	My son and I have been patients of Dr. Fischer's for several years now.  While he may not be warm and fuzzy, he is a very good doctor.  With all of our combined illnesses he has been wonderful, and when we needed to see specialists he did not hesitate to refer us or run unneeded test.  All in all I would call him a wonderful and compatent doctor. 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	0	after having my 2nd child I gained weight FAST - he basically said you eat too much and don't move.  I begged to be tested for thyroid, it was 10+ x's the &quot;normal&quot; - put me on synthroid (not the best stuff - armour is best) and pronounced me cured.  I fired him. 	4	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	Dr. Fischer seemed a bit defensive when I wanted to discuss therapy options. Maybe he was just having a busy day.  		3	3	4 	Insurance:Aetna
