dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
11	1	 I saw him to get a lesions removed. He was skilled, but I didn't like his staff at all. They were dismissive and insisted on doing paperwork for BC/BS PPO. I paid up front. I had a referral letter and that made it tricky. (I would have done it myself, but they wouldn't let me). They did it WRONG and then wouldn't correct it. I called and it took weeks to get a response phone call. Lots of running around on my part and stonewalling on theirs. I'm still fighting with BC/BS. Lots of time spent on this. I might go to this doctor again under different circumstances.  		4	3	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	commentsDr. Isenberg was WONDERFUL, he made me feel completely comfortable, answered all my questions and was extremely knowledgable. 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	commentsShe is a wonderful Dr.  She listens to you, which is rare today.  I would roecommend her to anyone. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	commentsVery knowledgable. Excellent doctor-patient relationship. Leaves us with a satisfied feeling. Does not give the feeling of &quot;hurry-hurry-hurry.&quot; 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	commentsDr. Illgen is an incredible physician and an amazing person. I would recommend him to anyone who needs hip and knee replacements. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	 I have found Doctor Idarraga to be an extremely good doctor. He bedside manner was very personable and friendly. He always takes time to listen to all my concerns and answers every question. He comes across as somewhat serious. He is very concerned with all of his patients and their wellbeing.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
35	1	commentsDr I darraga has been my Dr for 14 years. The reason I continued to see him from the first time we met was because of his wonderful bedisde manner. He has never been anything but kind and gentle mannered. He takes the time to talk with you and discusses appropriate treatments. He does occassionaly run behind, but that is because he is always putting the patients first. His nurses are nice and will alway call with prompt test results, and if you have questions, they get right back too you. He has helped me through several serious illnesses, and continues to see what is the proper and updated ways to address medicals needs. But even before I was sick, he was still the gentle and caring Doctor that I was looking for as a Young adult, and know that I'm older he continues to meet my needs. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	 Dr Idarraga has been my primary physician for almost 15 years.  He always takes extra time to listen to my concerns and is always able to put me at ease.  He has excellent interpersonal skills and always follows up with me if any lab work is ordered.  I am very pleased to have him as my primary care physician and now he is my son's doctor too.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
35	-1	 Dr Idarraga is very cold and does not try to get to know you as a person. He is very factual and is very inattentive to the emotional side of things. He does not have a personality. He is the team physician for the local pro basketball team, and he does not attend to the needs of women.  	3	3	1	2	Insurance:Humana
35	1	commentsIve been with Dr. Idarraga for almost ten years a s patient and Im very please with the treatment I have gotten. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	 Good doc and she likes what she does.  Also has a sense on humor! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
39	1	 I have followed Dr. Irland for 18 years, 4 offices, through 4 pregnancies, and for various other medical concerns. She has a new office with Columbia in Wauwatosa, and I am still loyally with her. She is simply the best. What a kind compassionate doctor! She's smart, progressive, and has a lot of common sense too. My husband likes how she is so good with the dads, and really wants the pregnancy to be positive for the couple. Two of my pregnancies were difficult, but I always felt I had the best of care, and could ask anything because she would take the time with me.  She will go to bat for her patients, and give it to you straight, but with tact.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
39	1	 I have know Dr. Irland since she was a resident. It is so great to know that she hasn't lost that human aspect of medicine. I first saw her when I was 17yrs.old and I am now 38yrs.old. I haven't found another physician that can measure up to Dr. Irland. I would highly recommend her to anyone that is looking for a well educated, modern yet caring and compassionate OB/Gyn. I only wish I lived closer to Dr. Irland, so she could still be my physician. .  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	 Dr Irland is the best...She was very helpful and extremely patient with her clients.  I had given birth before in San Francisco, the doctor out there was also great--But Jacqueline was superior!!!She does tend to be late for her appts because she really takes the time to talk and discuss with her clients---so it is a catch 22.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
39	1	 Dr. Irland is compassionate and encouraging, always making sure you are comfortable and your needs and beliefs are considered. She is passionate about ensuring her patients are educated in all their options so you can do whatever is best for you. Whether you are searching for a supportive OB for a natural birth or doctor to help you through the pain and anxiety of childbirth, you should meet Dr. Irland. In what can often be a very vunerable and scary time, Dr. Irland made me feel confident and comfortable and involved me in all aspects of my and my newborns care.  My birth experience was wonderful!! I can't recommend her enough! 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
39	1	commentsDr. Irland is a wonderful OB/GYN that is knowledgeable, compassionate, personable and always reaching for the best treatment, delivery and personalized options for you. She treats you as the center of her attention &amp; never makes you feel anything less than a special patient. She is progressive in her treatment &amp; always willing to put the patient/'s wishes first. She was an incredible active element in my prenatal care as well as during my entire 12 hour labor. I will follow her anywhere and see her even though she is outside my insurance coverage. She specializes in a natural approach to birthing with Hypnosis for Labor &amp; Delivery and has a supportive staff working with her. Even if natural birth isn/'t what you want, she is supportive &amp; caring to your needs &amp; will never deny a patient/'s personal beliefs. This doctor is definately someone to check out, once you meet with her I know you/'ll want her to be your OB/GYN too. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	comments 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	commentsA gifted surgeon with very good bedside manner. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	commentsExcellent dentist with caring personality. Paid/Co-pay:$3000	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	 Terrific experience! NO pain, pleasant personality.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$3450
54	-1	commentsThis doctor was good for a while, I saw him for around two years...then he cut me off of my medicine that i was physically dependent on. He had called in the prescription, then called back and cancelled it, so I went through the worst physical withdrawals in my life! Completely unempathetic, and very money orientated, just google him, many people say the same thing. 	3	4	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	commentsDr. Idsvoog is a good listener and willing to spend time listen to the medical problem I have. He is also very thorough in reviewing my medical history and ordering the scope my lab work. 	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	commentsDr. Idsvoog has literally saved my life. After reassuring me about a small complaint during a busy office visit, he called me at home at 9 o'clock that night, saying I must meet him at the hospital the next morning. A biopsy was performed. It revealed a cancer which was then successfully treated. Dr. Idsvoog had returned to my case at the end of his busy day to do further research which caused the additional intervention. I believe that many physicians would have missed this. Dr. Idsvoog is extremely hard-working and has all the skills necessary to manage his busy practice successfully. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	commentsUnderstanding, Kind, Patient. He doesn't waste time, but if you have a question he's very thorough in his answers. He's not afraid to admit he doesn't know and will refer you to someone who does. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	comments 	3	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	 No Bedside manner-doesnt make eye contact or seem inerested in what is being said by patient or family member.  	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
75	-1	commentsDr. Over-prescribed ambien and other drugs for spouse. Now spouse is a total invalid, personality changed, not same person. Lit says that ambien not recommended long term (over two weeks); going on over three years. My last blood work for Lipitor cost $1500.00!!!  Previous draw was only $300.00. No longer a patient to this doctor. She theatened to cancel my scripts last time I talked to her about re-hab for my very addicted, drug dependant now turning psychotic spouse. 	2	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	 She has been my Doctor for over 18 years. She is very good at listeniing to her patient's concerns. She doesn't give a bunch of tests you don't need. She understands how expensive it can be for a patient to come to see her. You may, however, have to wait for a bit to get in to see her. That is a little frustrating when waiting in the waiting room, but then you know she gives each patient special attention and care. I never feel rushed once I get in to see her.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
75	1	 Extremely knowledgable and up to date. Listens and discusses in depth 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
77	1	commentsGreat Doctor, Was my doctor for both of my children. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	comments 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
95	-1	comments 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
95	-1	commentsNon-thorough, treated me as if I were making a motorcycle accident up for attention.  Told me my thighs were visibly different sizes (I measured, they are not) and wrote half my symptoms off without addressing them.  Additionally his staff seems to not care for him, after meeting him, I can understand why.  Very pompous. DO NOT RECOMMEND!  Visiting him was a waste of both time and money besides leaving me in tears. 	4	3	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	commentsbest dr ever dr ismaili is so nice he finshed my apomtent so short i hope you like him 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
96	-1	 I agree with the other comment. My father was critically ill at South Shore Medical, and Dr. Ismaili was the house doctor.  It was 24 hours before he saw my dad or myself--and then when I questioned why his neurologist was not involved in his care, instead of updating me with his condition, he told me he would put a feeding tube in my dad and I could take him home in 3 days---AND HE WALKED OUT OF THE ROOM.  He did not give me full informed consent when he explained what a &quot;comfort pack&quot; was--which is basically hospice care, which was contrary to his neurologist's orders.  It was a nightmare experience--Dr. Ismaili basically made decisions without consulting me..did not explain my father's condition...spent minimal time in the room, and I believe wrote my dad off from Day l.  	1	1	1	2	Insurance:Medicare
96	-1	commentsDoesn't proacitively take action for serious medical care at a nuring home where he is the medical director in Milw. WI. Family members have to point our concers before matters are taken seriously. Delays in proper medical treatment have caused bigger issues to arise which caused more pain/disconfort for his patients as well as making hospital stays longer along with increase costs for care. One postitive note is he is friendly but some how that just doesn't cut it. 	1	2	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
