dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	He's been my physician for as long as I can remember, and he's always been both friendly and knowledgeable.  He's always been able to help me with whatever I came in for and is very informative with his diagnoses. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Dr. Uy is a fantastic doctor. I've been going to him for quite a few years now, and he's been thorough, kind and knowledgeable in all of my dealings with him. He really investigates and gets to the root of the problem - very dedicated.  I would highly recommend him to anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
2	1	Dr. Ubell now sees all 6 of our children. She has always been willing to go the extra mile for us.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
2	1	Dr. Ubell is great.  She takes time to listen and really covers a wide range of things at each visit.  Her staff is also great - very comforting to kids and clearly they enjoy what they do.  Other pediatricians in the office have been very responsive for weekend urgent care situations too.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
2	1	Dr ubell is and outstanding pediatrician who really understands kids and the needs of new parents. We absolutely love her and so do my kids. If I call her with a question she always responds within an hour. We have twin daughers with special needs and she always takes the time to answer my questions. I never feel rushed. She is also so supportive of new parents. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr. Udlis is the best doctor ever.  He diagnosed my cancer when no one else did.  He saved my life. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	She is a wonderful doctor and should be acknowledged. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	0	I felt that she was a good listener and agreed to perform the laboratory testing as needed. She agreed during my visit that it was likely that I was suffering from acute Lyme disease based on my signs and symptoms. I was very disappointed in her follow up. I had a suprisingly difficult time getting a prescription for doxycycline to treat acute Lyme disease. It took three days of messages (&quot;She is not here today&quot;, &quot;Would you like to leave a message for her nurse&#63;&quot;) to finally get a prescription for doxycycline. 		4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
4	0	She's a weird bird. Very quick to send for tests and give referrals but if you go in with a particular issue she'll ask &quot;so what do you want to do about it&#63;&quot;. Not in a nasty tone at all. More of a tone like she is actually asking what should be done. And, I came to the doctor because I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO - I'M NOT A DOCTOR! Frustrating 		1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	Rough handling of me, did not give me options of necessary procedure, made me wait, in tears, at pharmacy for pain medication. Needs to retire. I do not recommend this dentist. 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Got me in for emergency visit quickly - and referred me to an oral surgeon fast.  Seems competent and friendly - but a little low on the empathy scale.  Like every other dentist in the area, is absolutely unconcerned about the crisis in Medical assistance patients and totally unavailable dental care.  	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
6	1	weight program here is the best-the nurse practitioner is the person you see. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	Doctor is on medical leave but still prescibes drugs and patient diet plans without seeing patients. Scary!!!!! 	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	This is the first time in many years I found a doctor who actually listened to me. I cried. I was always unable to lose more than a few lbs. This doctor gave me the way to lose weight by treating me for pre diabetic condition-really ahead of the pack. The weight is still off and I do feel great. I have sent other patients and they are happy too. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	Staff could not fit me in for an appointment in order to refill RX's  and physician refused to fill RX's  until could be seen in office leaving me w/o my RX's for a whole month and some VERY painful and unpleasant (dizziness, shakiness, petite mall seizures daily, and trouble concentrating) side effects. What ever happened to &quot;Do No Harm&quot; Doc&#63; 	1	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	Dr, Uebelacker prescribes drugs that should only be taken for a short duration on a long-term basis and seemed unaware that one drug in particular should not be taken on a long-term basis. The doctor refused to answer questions or present facts to support her decisions to put patient on medications for a condition that diet and exercise could have controlled.  The doctor said she has &quot;hundred's lined up to get on her drug combination.&quot; She also refused to re-assess the patient when requested and then terminated care of the patient after a family meeting in which she charged $100 for 15 minutes of her time. I would not recommend this doctor to anyone. 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Very friendly staff. Awsome Dr. When i take my daughter in to see him I love how he tells stories of his children in comparison to what my daughter is going through at the time. Most of my inlaws see him as well and I have never heard anything but great from them.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
7	1	Terrific doctor great with seniors very friendly and funny can help relieve tension about illness.   My father never had a better doctor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
7	1	Great listener and repore with children, best healthcare for the whole family.   As my children have grown they are comfortable accessing him themselves and he promotes their role in their own health, awesome 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
7	1	Very friendly, very knowledgeable, very willing to answer questions.  Doesn't prescribe things for you that you don't need.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
8	1	Awesome doctor. i have been going to this chiropractor since I was 4 years old and he has always been a very compassionate and caring doctor. He utilizes many new techniques to assist in healing and allignment. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Excellent doctor. I have been going to him for about 25 years--and I only need to see him about 2x a year. He has not made any money on me as a patient. He is a genuinely concerned doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	Pre surgery visit was 10 min. I asked a couple questions, he asked if I had any more. Told me a few things I had read in the literature in the exam room while waiting for him. Offered no other info. Charged me and my insurance $300. Fully a waste of my time and money. During surgery: operating room was uncomfortably cold. He was distant and alloof. Perhaps he sows a good knot but otherwise seemed rough and a bit ham-handed considering the parts he was working with. There was a complication during surgery he did not discuss with me during or after surgery. After the surgery, in recovery, he wouldn't come within 20 feet of me. Spoke AT me from across the room. I felt totally dismissed. 6 months after surgery complications set in. Pain, swelling, sexual dysfunction. Usow examined me. He implied that the dysfunction was psychological, told me to take Advil for the pain. Povided no further insight or suggestions or game plan for discovery of cause of pain and swelling. Symptomatic approach 	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	Dr. Utrie is arogant, rude and condescending. His office staff makes a new patient jump through hoops to see him (I was made to call my insurance company to see if Dr. Utrie was going to get paid). He did not help, barely did an exam, he didn't diagnose me, didn't offer help, and didn't want me to come back, though I was referred by my primary care doctor. He likes to pick and choose patients and I didn't fit his criteria, which apparently has to do with how much money he will make off of you. Not a good doctor. I hope no one else has to experience the humiliation he put me through. I'm appalled that a doctor would act so badly.  	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
10	0	I waited 90 minutes past my scheduled appointment time before being seen and was offerred no apologies. He was abrupt and rude and didn't wait for responses to his questions, but rather made assumptions that were incorrect. His physical exam consisted of looking at my hands and listening to my heart, neither of which were my areas of concern. He failed to address the pain that was the reason for my visit. I left that appointment in tears. I did not at all feel any empathy or concern from this man. He appeared angry and bothered that he had to see me. I cannot recommend him to friends or family for fear he would treat them in the same manner. This is unfortuante because he is a very bright doctor. he has simply lost his ability to care. 	3	1	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	When I told Dr. Utrie that I did not know how much to stretch since I have pain before I begin my stretching he responded with saying &quot;How should I know&quot;. The final time I saw Dr. Utrie he told me I was wasting his time and he didn't want to work with patients who have Fibromyalgia. Also, on a final note, he did not not discover that I have arthritis in my neck and back.  	5	4	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
10	1	First Dr who truely understood my condition and knew how to deal with it.  Consistent measurements over several years now give me a good baseline to monitor disease progression and severity.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Anthem
10	-1	Decided he was not going to help me before I even walked in his office.  Incomplete exam.  No labwork done.  Not a complete exam.  Wasted my time. 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Great Doc...  I have already recommended him to several people as I was recommended to him myself 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Dr Utrie is very caring and empathetic- he fought with my insurance company to get me on a medication he thought I needed which took 3 months- his ofc staff Amanda RN is wonderful, caring, and educated.  The med he suggested is working miracles.  I would recommend him to anyone. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	He has no empathy. 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Have seen Dr. Utrie a few times when unable to see my reg. primary doctor. I found Dr. Utrie to be very nice, through, explained findings and solutions. Took the time to answers questions. Will transfer to her when my doctor retires. Great young doctor! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	very bright, she remembers me(!!), good explanations, refers if necessary, cautious with meds. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	sometimes gets behind schedule, because she is so thorough. Dr Utrie follows up to make sure the next step gets done. Is not a pill pusher, and does not allow continued use of additing medications. Very busy practice, not sure if she is taking new pts. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Relates well to patients. Conservative, Thorough, refers readily 	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
