dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Dr. Lenz has been my son's doc since he was born. He is a very nice man, but boy does he talk! His staff of nurses are good, but the receptionists are very rude. It is always a super long wait, so give yourself extra time. After waiting forever, he comes in and talks for sometimes up to 40 minutes. It sounds good but it can get a little annoying. Overall, he's a good doctor. 	3	1	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Dr. Lenz is an incredible doctor.  He is very knowledgable and passionate about certain issues and ADHD is one along with smoking, weight, etc.  Dr. Lenz after long testing helped me when I did not know I had ADHD.  The fast locomotive in my head I thought was normal, but now I can concentrate and focus on one task at a time.  He also has helped me quit smoking and become non-insulin dependent as a diabetic and am forever grateful.  My son also has ADHD which is hereditary and now going into the third grade is just starting to write stories and understand what he is reading and focus thanks to Dr. Lenz.  He is so caring of my husband after a work injury and continues to help him work through continuous problems.  Everybody has an off day I know, but I must admit if Dr. Lenz has an off day I have yet to see it and would recommend him to absolutely ANYONE I know, ANYTIME.  Thank you very much for your hard work and patience Dr. Lenz (if you ever get a chance to read this).  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
1	1	I am a registered nurse, and am very picky about my health care providers. I do not see physicians unless they are up to date on current research and trends. I want someone who treats me with respect and care, and includes me in directing my care. I have found Dr. Lenz to be the best primary care physician I have ever had. He always takes as much time as I need in the office, and spends a lot of time getting to know me and my concerns. I always leave his office very appreciative of his help. I have never had a physician who has taken so much time to address my concerns. Due to family health issues and my job, I know many physicians. I highly recommend Dr. Lenz without reservation!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
1	1	Dr. Lenz is very so-so. I am a young woman and he made me feel uncomfortable during my visit. He seems to know quite a bit, yet isn't very personable.  	3	3	3	4 	Insurance:Aetna
1	-1	HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE!!! I went with my fiance to have a routine checkup (he went, not me)  and to have him look at some strange bone growths he was experiences. I kid you not, while feeling his ribcage (where the bulk of the bone growth is) he asked, &quot;Soo, did you have trouble concentrating in school&#63;&#63;&quot; &quot;What&#63;!&#63;!&quot; He kept pushing, and pushing, and pushing, that my 20 year old fiance has ADHD and MUST have Adderall. He even called his mother to pressure her that he did in fact have this &quot;problem&quot;. It was ridiculous!!! No was not an answer with this man. The thing that sealed the deal was when he addressed me as &quot;girl in the corner&quot; (excuse me&#63;!&#63;!) and then insinuating I tricked my fiance into getting me pregnant. Yeah....horrible, horrible doctor. I would never recommend him to a single soul. Unless of course they want Adderall when they have weird bone issues.  Sounds so ridiculous reading this through again, but it's the complete truth, unfortunately. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
2	0	Max Lee feels he is god's gift to the world.  He will tell you himself that he is the best.  He has NO bedside manner and certainly no time for your questions and concerns. 	3	3	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	Dr. Larson is not a very thourough doctor. I went in to see her complaining of a sore thoat. She did not even give me a throat culture. I then went spent money out of pocket and went to the ER and was diagnosed with Strep Throat. She also made rude remarks about me while in her office when she was a Urgent Care doctor at Affinity. Please our community does not need doctors like Dr. Larson. There is NO ROOM FOR MISTAKES in the Medical Profession. I know why she left Affinity and went to Aroura, she was the worst doctor I have ever seen. Shame on you, Dr. Alyson Larson!!! 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	I have been seeing Dr. Larson for over a year.  She and her staff are outstanding in every way, including punctuality, kindness, and overall patient care.  From the first minute I walked in, and the receptionist Michelle stood up and shook my hand and introduced herself, I knew I had the right doctor.  I can't say enough wonderful things about this highly professional office.  As a side note, there is an office from this same health network 2 blocks from my house, and I drive 20 minutes to see Dr. Larson.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
5	1	Very helpful. As a transsexual it was important to find a doctor that was both knowledgeable about the processes involved, and willing to work with me, and Dr. Leigh is both. She's was helpful to the point of being enthusiastic about helping to meet my care needs, which is rare for this condition in the Midwest. At first I wasn't certain I would leave a comment because the rarity of my condition is potentially identifying, but in case there are others out there, it's important that they know Dr. Leigh is NOT the sort of doctor you hear gatekeeper horror stories about.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
6	1	I found Dr. Levin to be very knowledgeable about my condition. His bedside manner was excellent and he was very good in discussing the various options to take. I'm glad that I found him rather than having a general surgeon for my situation. Great guy! Glad he is in Madison 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	 	4	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	I'm seeing this doctor for pre-natal care and she's awesome.  Very understanding, very helpful, and I'm always able to reach her via email -- and get answers quickly!  She's also our family doctor and she's great with kids.  I highly recommend her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
8	1	Very knowledgable and personable. Would recommend to a friend! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Feeling much better. Discussed why adjustment was needed and how we will proceed. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	My husband and I have seen Dr. Lentfer for 4 years now and just love her.  She took cafre of me through my pregnancy and helped deliver my little boy via c-section.  Although we don't always agree on the childhood vaccination schedule, she respects that I am the parent, and ultimately, it is my decision.  She is caring, honest and we never feel like a number.  The clinic staff is great and she is wonderful.  I think she listens to our concerns and takes the time to discuss options.  Never has she ever pushed pills on us.  I would highly recommend her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	Just does not listen. Think what she want to think and also a pill pusher. 	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
9	0	 	4	2	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	he helped me though everything that was going on in my ovary with all the cyst i was making. i was suffering with this for 4 years until he found out what he was wrong with me. I went to so many doctors for this and he was the only one that helped.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
10	1	Dr. Lalich is very compasionate and very helpful.  He answers questions in plain english and he isn't condescending at all! He sat with me and answered all of my questions - he wasn't constantly looking for the door! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
11	1	Excellent Doctor!  He takes his time and does a detailed job. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	great doctor.   Takes his time to listen and is very knowledgeable 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
11	1	listens well and works well with children and teens 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Dr Lemkuil is personable and responsive to patient concerns and questions. At first I was put off by a couple things that I had not encountered before, eg, using stethoscope through clothing (reduces sensitivity) but it is a contamination preventions step and is not done during periodic exams. HE appears to have a  good knowledge base and seems thorough. On an early visit he called with test results that were actually better than previous tests while he flagged the current results as concerning. Subsequent visits indicate thorough review of one's medical history at each visit. To what extent he stays current is difficult to ascertain unless one runs into a clear conflict with recent information they have discovered on their own but evidence so far indicates current knowledge. (I improved my previous rating; old rating deleted) 	 3/4/09	5	4	5	Insurance:Medicare
11	1	Dr. Lemkuil always presents me with my treatment options and includes me in the decision making. He doesn't always know what is wrong with me, but he admits it and offers the treatment he can. He is very personable and when I've been at my worst health-wise, he made me feel like things were under control and that we'd figure it out. I've recommended him to friends because of his friendly, caring manner. He's even called me at home on two occassions to touch base with my situation, which I've never encountered before with other doctors. 		5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Daniel was our family Doctor for 3 years before we moved. We actually were very sad in leaving him as our Doctor.  He truly does care about our family which is more than I can say for most doctors today! 	 2/12/07		4	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
11	1	Excellent manner with the kids. He is very thorough.  		5	5	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
12	-1	Did not help my migraine in any way in St. Mary's Emergency Room.  Very inflexible.  	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
13	1	Great doctor.Very thorough.He was recommended by a local nurse and I have been very satisfied.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
13	1	Very helpful.  Took time to listen and explain everything 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Took the time to talk with you and make you feel like you're heard.  Great with kids.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
14	1	I have gone to this Dr. for years and received excellent treatment including a knee replacement and rotator cuff surgery. I recommend him, although he isn't warm and fuzzy -- just good and efficient. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	After reading other testimonies, I realize I am not the only one. Dr. Lemon made many false accusations in a report to my employer! As a result, I am receiving no worker's compensation, am not released to go back to work, and am worrying how I will pay my next bill. Please note that Dr. Lemon has never seen me nor talked to me.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
14	-1	very condensending preoccupied, did not like that i had a opinion from a very well known specailist 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	Dr Lemon's treatment was dismissive and wrong. He told me my knee pain was caused by osteoarthritis based on an x-ray, even tho I noted that the injury and pain started after a fall and felt very different than the regular minor arthritic pain I feel in both knees.  He balked at suggestion of an MRI to see if there was soft tissue damage.  Later, I finally got an MRI ordered by my pcp, and a different Orthopedic Surgeon confirmed a meniscal tear, a cartilage tear and a cyst that needed to be removed surgically. (The tears were small but also would be smoothed to avoid further damage since the surgery was necessary for the cyst anyway.) The cyst turned out to be the size of half a golf ball with a long tail that was growing around my knee.  The surgeon said had it not been removed, it would likely have kept growing and growing.  I am just so happy I finally got excellent treatment, had the problem confirmed and addressed effectively medically, had the surgery and am now on the mend! 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	I experienced what many others have.  I received a PPD (perminant partial disability) rating of 5% from my Doctor.  The insurace carrier sent me to Dr. Lemon to dispute what my Dr. said.  He inaccurately claimed I had a pre-existing condition, stated I was fully recovered 1 year before I stopped treatment and therefore I had a 0% PPD rating.  Dr. Lemon is a disgrace to his profession and should not be allowed to practice.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
14	-1	This doctor has a history of lying in his reports and claims that workers injuries are pre-existing so the insurance company gets out of paying benefits.  He sells his testimony, reports, and diagnoses.  He's a disgrace to the medical community and should have his license revoked.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
15	-1	.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
15	1	Dr. Tom was my childhood Dentist, and when possible, i always seek him out.  he keeps up with the state of the art, and never compromises the patients needs and attempts to accomidate them at all times.  He cares more about your teeth, he cared about the rest of you too.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
15	-1	I do not recommend this dentist at all, his attitude is very cold and uncaring.  I was treated for TMJ and the &quot;treatment&quot; made the condition worse.  	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
15	0	expensive and high, un necessary overhead, Lots of pain involved in procedure.  Would not recommend this place at all 	3	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	Whole office seems like they have major attitudes.Also didnt treat me for my problems i came with but tried to get my to fix something that wasnt bothering me for 2x the amount of money.  Hmmm possibly tring to fill their pockets&#63; 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
15	1	Dr LaSelle is very caring and compassionate. He makes sure you are not in pain and are comfortable. He offers sedation dentistry and it is great! Very good at answering any questions you have. Excellent staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
16	1	I was a victim of a severe auto collision.  Dr. Lange was in charge of my case.  I had broken both arms, heals, neck, nose, orbital and had a calcaneus  reconstructure done by this Dr.  Dr. Lange was so wonderful and went the extra yards to help in all my discomfort.  I can't thank him enough.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
16	1	Dr. Lange is great. He is very thorough. Does a great physical exam.  He always explains his reasoning so you understand what is going on and why he wants to take the course of action/treatment that he does.  He is very caring and respectful. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Excellent Dr- worth the wait -good idea to call ahead to find out if she is on schedule.   Again she is the best! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	1	I've gone to Dr. Rebecca Lawrence for years and following every appointment I think, &quot;She is the most personal, informative and caring doctor I have ever had.&quot;  She gives such personal attention, you would think she was your closest friend.  Dr. Lawrence is thorough and she knows how to talk on your level.  If someone asks who I go to, I refer them to her.  She is the only physician I have ever felt strong enough about to refer to and I am 54.  It is hard to get appointments but I'll compromise if it means I get the best.  You will never feel like your appointment is rushed with Dr. Lawrence.  She is not only a superb doctor, she is genuinely nice person. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr Rebecca Lawrence is the BEST.  She's very thorough, caring and explains things.  She is such a caring doctor and will even call you at home to followup.  She's a very caring and sincere doctor.  I've had her for at least 15 years and she is SIMPLY THE BEST in her field.  I'd recommend her to any one. Her nurse, Georgia, is also very helpful.  The practice is very busy but Dr Lawrence takes the time with you.  No rush in and rush out.  She truly cares about her patients.  She's awesome and I thank God for her.  I hope to be her patient for another 15 years or more.  Thank you Dr Rebecca Lawrence=you are a wonderful ob/gyn and so caring.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
17	1	WONDERFUL WONDERFUL WONDERFUL!  I always felt at ease with Dr. Lawrence and she always had plenty of time to talk to me.  The birth of my daughter was great with her help and postpartum I had some complications and she was extremely helpful in getting me into her clinic ASAP to be seen and help me out.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	1	Though her practice is booked solid, Dr. Lawrence will still take the time to be thorough and answer questions.  I would certainly recommend her to anyone else.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
18	0	Very busy clinic. difficult to get appointment because the other doctor left this clinic and Dr. Lee has double the work load. Expect a two to three month wait for appointment. 	4	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	She knows her stuff 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Very respectable :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	My appointments were canceled constantly. He was always overbooked so that he didn't have time to see his patients. He says he specializes in high risk pregnancy but didn't recognize that my pregnancy was high risk. It wasn't until I went to another doctor specializing in this field that I found out that indeed I was high risk. In fact my daughter was born a month early despite my being on bedrest for over 2 months. In this particular practice you need a high degree of sensitivity and tact. I found his office to be extremely unhelpful and unfriendly. It is also my opinion that Dr. Larson is not as knowledgeable as I would like when it comes to something as important as my child. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	She is a fantastic doctor.  She really listens and does not brush off a &quot;mom's gut feeling.&quot;  She is a mom too and understands that 6th sense that moms have when something is going on with their kids.  My kids have been seeing her for 7 years.  She  gets to know her patients.  She asks the kids how their sports and other activities are going not just how they are feeling.  She has a child with asthma so she is very knowledgeable on how to manage and treat it from both sides of the fence (a Dr. and a mom).  We love her!  I don't know if she is accepting new patients though.  I think her patients like her so much that they tend to stay with her. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Excellent physician; takes time to listen and gets to know you as an individual. She orders tests when appropriate but doesnt waste your time or money on unnecessary things.  I've gone to her for 7 years and think she's the best.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
24	-1	Treats patients poorly, the second things dont go smoothly, you are out of luck and he is out the door.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
25	-1	do not ask Q's or dare to disagree w/ his opinion. A real pill pusher !! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
25	1	Dr. Lawler is conscientious and very very smart. He doesn't talk down to the patient and helped me understand my illness and let me be an active participant in deciding the course of treatment. 	 6/30/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	According to my trauma doctor at Froedtert Hospital Dr. LeSage did not sew up a portion of the stomach wall (during a rou-en-y) and my small intestine lodged into the lining. I had 16 surgeries, 39 days at Froedtert, 2x almost dying and am now permenantly disabled. I am on TPN 3 days a week and my medical costs are astronomical. I could not sue due to the statute of limitations.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	I am a registered nurse and I have found Dr. Lange to be very knowledgeable and well-read.  He is always able to quote the most recent articles in regards to treatments, diagnoses, etc.  He sometimes runs behind but it's because he gives you the time you need to express your concerns and he takes the time to assess the situation in order to offer the correct, most cost-efficient treatment plan.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
27	-1	You may want to be very careful and get a second opinion before you take his medical advice.  While he can seem like a caring and intelligent person who gives you time and explains things, are they in your best interest&#63;  Some medications prescribed are not always necessary and can lead to dire consequences.  While it may seem at the time that he is helping it leads to so much more trouble and when you really need things resolved he may become suddenly uninterested.   Be very very cautious!! 	3	4	2	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
28	1	Dr. Laufer was our doctor for both our children until we moved out of state.  DR LAUFER WE MISS YOU!  He helped us so much as a doctor and a parent.  He is on your team and I truly felt he was rooting for us.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
28	1	He is by far the best pediatrician i've ever brought my kids to.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
28	1	He is very thorough and doesn't rush you out of the office. He actually sits down and waits until all your questions are answered before even heading towards he door. My daughter was very ill, and I feel he went above and beyond with reassuring us and doing everything he could to get her well. I strongly recommend him to anyone looking for a good ped doctor. (Added bonus- he's really good looking!!) 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	0	 	1	2	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
30	0	Arrogant, condescending, made my wife and I feel like idiots. Knows his stuff and will let you know it.  Made my daughter cry during his care. 	2	1	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	Would not recommend.  Once our accounts were paid in full - the level of care and customer service fell to the point of non-existence.  	1	5	1	3 	Insurance:Delta Dental
30	0	inaccurate estimates of months braces are needed. appts. never on time, sometimes appts go an hr longer than estimated.  some of the staff are very nice, but others are not nice at all.  	2	1	3	3 	Insurance:HealthFirst
31	1	Dorctor Leone is a wonderful doctor.  He speaks to you like a person, treats you like a friend instead of a patient.  He is able to tell when things seem to be weighing on you and getting to much and is able to ease you, even offer suggestions of good therapist in the area if you both think it is a good idea.  He is very understanding and caring.  Dr.  Leone is a human being and knows his patients are as well and treats them as such.  He is truly an A+ doctor and I am glad to have met him and happy he is my neurologist, not happy I need one, but happy that he is the one I have for one... 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Dr Lee is a great doctor! He is very patient and takes the time to sit with you and answer all your questions. Making his patients feel comfortable is very important to him. I've never felt like he was rushing through my appointment, just the opposite. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	0	Dr. Landauer was not a very compassionate doctor. Appointment was for possible 2nd miscarriage. After I explained my symptoms the first thing she asked was if I have thought about any other form of birth control. After I answered that if this is a successful pregnancy I was considering another form. Then BEFORE she even examined me, Dr. Landauer said, &quot; I don't think this is a successful pregnancy.&quot; My heart broke. Talk about no compassion for what I was going through! When I refused ultrasounds to confirm she said , &quot;Well, I can't tell you anymore then!&quot;(in an unfriendly tone) Then when I asked how much for the bloodwork she said,&quot; I don't know, I will order it and you can go down to the lab and ask them.&quot;(again not a nice tone) I was very upset with how she treated me. Her nurse was VERY NICE and called to patient estimates without me asking and told me the fees as I was about to leave. I will never recommend her to anyone!!! 	4	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	I love her. She's a great doctor and I'm disappointed my insurance changed. She has seen me through some very traumatic times and was always caring, professional, knowledgable and did everything she could do.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
33	1	Dr. Landauer is very easy to talk to about any problems you have.  She truly cares!  Couldn't be happier with her.  Common sense does prevail with this doctor. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	0	Would not recommend Megan Landauer....she is not a &quot;Professional&quot; as far as I am concerned.  She is not a doctor that takes the steps necessary to follow thru.  Dont find out the hard way!! 	4	2	4	1 	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	 	2	1	3	1 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Complex asthma/respiratory condition. He was approachable, listened and immensely knowledgeable in approach and treatment of condition. The staff had encouragement and professional teaching for adolescent patient. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	I have been to see Dr. Lawrence several times over the years -- first by myself when I was depressed, and then with my husband when we were having marital problems.  She has always made me feel very comfortable and understood, and I felt she was much more &quot;real&quot; than the couple of other therapists I had tried in the past.  Dr. Ann seems to know a lot about a lot of things, and she helps you to see yourself and your circumstances in a way that lets you move forward and resolve problems effectively.  I have referred many friends to her over the years and will continue to do so.  The only negative is that she is not a participating provider with my insurance plan -- but I would still go back to her if I ran into difficulty again! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	This dentist is VERY GOOD! He will help in any way to make your expierence with him a plesant one. He uses headphones with the radio on and the staff is very friendsly. He does anything that you ask of him to with explaining the best thing for you. He is the only Dentist that my family will use from this point forward as long as he is covered iunder my insurance. I wouldn't switch willingly but I won't pay more just to go there.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
36	-1	Had never been to this dentist before.  So before hand called and asked if the Dr. could cut out a bridge and extract a tooth that I have never been able to bite on.  Was assured Dr. could do this.  Appt. made, when I went into Dr lees office all he kept saying for two hours is you don't want to cut that $5000.00 bridge, have a root canal done on that tooth and you won't have any more problems with chewing on that side.  Will after two hours I finally said ok little did I know that within 24 hours of Dr Lees care I would land in the hospital with an IV for three days and antibiotics for another 10 days and loose 13 days of work with two jobs and still had to go see an oral surgeon to get the tooth removed.  The oral surgeon said that this is a tooth that should have never been saved and showed me approximately 12  little pieces of the tooth and said there was nothing left of the tooth.   That I had made the right call on wanting to get this tooth pulled DO NOT GO TO THIS DENTIST! 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
36	-1	Had never been to this dentist before, So before hand called and asked if the Dr. could cut a bridge and extract a tooth that I have never been able to bite on.  Was assured Dr. could do this. appt. made, when I went into Dr. Lees office all he kept saying for two hours is you don't want to cut out a $5000.00 bridge, have a root canal done on tooth and you won't have any more problems.  Well I Finally said &quot;ok&quot;  little did I know that within 24 hours of Dr. Lee's care I would land in the hospital with an IV for three days and antibiotics for 10 days and loose 13 days of work with two jobs and still had to go see an oral surgeon to get the tooth removed.  The oral surgeon said, that this is a tooth that should have never been saved and showed me approximately 12 little pieces of the tooth and said there was nothing left of the tooth.  The kicker of it all is Dr Lee is still sending me a bill saying I still owe him $136.80.   Do you really think I am going to pay this&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;  NOT 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
37	1	Changed insurance, came to him for new doctor choice.  Have never looked back, best choice I made.  Been with him since.   Has been a positive health choice since too! 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
37	-1	not co-operative, poor comunication to patient 	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
38	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
39	-1	ALWAYS Running behind and staff do not inform you, have to ask how long it's going to be.  Word in town is that he's there for the money, tries to see as many patients as he can in one day - hence the reason he is always behind (he's double booked)  Does not ask many questions of patients.  Took my son to see him and wanted to start meds after the first visit!  Diagnosed him as bipolar due to a family hx though we in the family all thought he had ADHD.  He wanted to put him on antipsychotics right away.  We went elsewhere, had testing done.   Dx with ADHD started on ADHD med instead of an antipsychotic and grades went from c/d's to A's!  Whole different kid!  Maybe if he listened to the people involved he would dx correctly! 	3	1	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
39	1	Always running late and staff never inform you, just leave you sit.  Seems to not comment much and asks very general questions.  	3	2	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
39	1	Dr. Larson is an outstanding psychiatrist.  He truly listens to his patients and is extremely thorough in examination regarding past and current mental history and physical well-being.  He attempts to achieve and maintain the correct balance in both. He is diligent in attempts at providing the proper diagnoses and in the development of each individual's treatment plan; I am the grateful recipient of his success. He possesses a wonderfully kind and caring personality.  I can happily state that I would not be on this earth today if it had not been for Dr. Larson's expertise and understanding. I strongly recommend this wonderful psychiatrist! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	This guy is by far the BEST in the business 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	I love Dr. Lee.  She goes the extra mile to be sure the diagnosis is correct.  She also has a great personality and is very easy to talk to.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
41	1	I've seen her several times, she is a very knowledgable doctor, and is extremely caring. She knows what to test for, and I feel very relaxed knowing I have her as my doctor. She listens to your symptoms as a person and as a doctor and really cares about your well being...as all doctors should. I would recommend her to anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Ive doctored with Dr. Lyle for more than 20 years. In my opinion he has always been a caring, responsible Physician. He always seems to be prompt and willing to go the extra mile, to bring comfort to his patients. Ive found him knowledgable and very capable. I would recommend his care to anyone I knew, in my opinion there isnt anyone better in the Chiropractic field. I havent been to them all so you will have to just trust my opinion. 		4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
43	0	I was there 15 minutes getting my teeth cleaned and checked. Levine comes in and spends about 1 minute telling me what is wrong or good and then leaves. Not very good at doctor / patient relationships. He comes in out of breath (heavy breathing), don't known what he is doing before he gets to my &quot;chair&quot; to &quot;check me out&quot;. Maybe just walking makes him out of breath. Hygienists are awesome, Levine made me feel that I have a lot of issues with my teeth that my prior dentist never &quot;scolded&quot; me about. Very pushy on getting the mouth cancer test done. Not happy with him at all.  	5	5	3	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
44	1	Dr. Larson opened up after hours to see me in an emergency.  He was extremely thorough.  Some of these other reviews seem very questionable (especially the one that claims he refused to tell what the condition was).  Also saw Dr. Lavey.  Both were professional and knowledgeable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	Overall, I am very disappointed with Dr. Larson.  His staff was very VERY kind and helpful, but Dr. Larson himself was very unfriendly and not professional.  I recently had an operation where I had to wait in the operation chair for over a half hour due to his tardiness. During the operation he said very little. His nurse was the one explaining everything to me and encouraging me.  After the operation, he took off before I even sat up from the table. The real kicker is, I had a problem with the medications (anti-biotic and painkiller) prescribed, where when he was the doctor on call, he was unable to get a hold of and would not return mine nor the pharmacies phone calls.  After nearly 3 hours of horrid pain and no anti-biotics, the pharmacist got a hold of a nurse at the office who called the other doctor on staff to help me.  If you or your loved ones are looking for a friendly doctor who cares about his patients and their well-being, I highly recommend looking elsewhere.  	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
44	1	I was initially seen in the ER on a Saturday. Diagnosis and treatment was started for a corneal infection (ulcer&#63;) Dr Larsn called me at home later that day and again on Sunday to be sure I was  comfortable and that I would be coming in for a follow-up on Monday.   I was impressed with his caring manner ( I have never had a Dr call me) his staff, and all of the follow-up visits to his office 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
44	-1	Would never go to Dr. Larson again.  I was passed from person to person &amp; got less then 2 min. w/ Dr. Larson he told me I had an eye condition &amp; would not take time to explain it.  I asked if they had any info on the condition was told no.  I could only get them to right the condition down so I could research it on my own.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
44	-1	After waiting 6 weeks to get scheduled for an outpatient cataract surgery, my elderly father never regained eyesight following the surgery.  GET A SECOND OPINION BEFORE YOUR PARENT OR LOVED ONE LOSES THEIR INDEPENDENCE AND QUALITY OF LIFE.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
45	-1	. he's a good person to erson DR very nice but don't like to work with my meds told me i had to see a phyciatrist behavior routine to see 1 never had any problem etting my meds refilled or kept up he refuses to do what my other DR had wanted to do because of all my conditions and head in juries and starokes and al a MRI of my brain but Badger Care Plus denied him i wasnt registered with that isurance com and it has to be done to help see any damages there are from al the falls i take he doesnt keep updated with all new updates of how to help patiences better he doen't have any knowedge of my many diseases or anything 	2	5	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
46	1	Dr. Leach was great. I just was concerned about an issue I was having that turned out to be PCOS and picked the Doctor that was available the soonest. I was very glad that I did. Dr. Leach sat with me for over an hour at my first visit and his nurse KiKi was also great. Dr. Leach has a great bedside manner and an awesome sense of humor, which is rare in most doctors I've seen. Dr. Leach eventually sent me for an ultrasound and sat down with me to explain the results. A couple months later I thought I may have had another condition as well and Dr. Leach didn't feel insulted at all and gladly sent me for the bloodwork. Sadly, a couple months later he got a job in Manitowoc and moved. I debated on keeping him as my OB/GYN but the drive was just too far. I highly recommend him to anyone in the Manitowoc area.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	Dr. Leach took every possible step to get to know me--something that is very valuable when determining how to treat individual patients.  I felt like I was able to be clear and firm with what I wanted out of a Dr. and he made me feel like my requests would be granted without problem.  Excellent at communication, good sense of humor, very knowledgeable about his work, and also let you get to know him.  I am excited to work with him during this pregnancy and for other future needs. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	-1	Dr. Leach punctured my bladder during surgery, didn't recognize his error, sewed me up, and tried to hide his work by transferring me to 2 other facilities. My body blew up like a balloon with fluids, I was critically ill, he was not confident in caring for me at my final destination, (Aurora)and I have legal action pending against him. Beware.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
46	1	DR. LEACH IS THE BEST DOCTOR. WHEN YOU GO TO HIS OFFICE TO TALK TO HIM IT IS LIKE TALKING TO A FRIEND AND HE ANSWERS ALL OF THE QUESTIONS 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Dr. Leach is an amazing doctor.  He is by far the best doctor in the milwaukee area.  He is kind and down to earth.  Always makes time to answer all of your questions and make you feel comfortable.  He has delivered my two children and my husband and i plan on having at least two more and I'm so comfortable knowing Dr. Leach will be there.  It is so hard to find a great doctor now a days, but Dr. Leach truly is one amazing doctor.  Also, his nurse Kiki makes you feel at eased and is always pleasant.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
46	1	I recently saw Dr. Leach for the first time and was very pleased with his bedside manner and wealth of knowledge.  He made me feel very comfortable, there is no question that you cannot ask him-very down to earth and pleasant. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Dr. Leach is a fantastic doctor with great bedside manner.  When I first went to see him, he sat down with me and discussed what I was there to see him about.  We ran some test to see what was wrong with me and I never had to wonder when the results were going to come.  Him or his nurse, Kiki, always called as soon as they came in a and we went from there.  He also personally checked in with me while I was in the hospital to make sure things were going okay and to make sure I was being treated well.  He knows a ton and is eager to share the imformation with me in a way that I'll understand.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
47	1	I agree very good,very concerned about patient,and family too. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	Dr Leibert is an amazing Doctor. He always takes the time to answer questions. My children love him and I think that says alot. He is very knowledgable and truly cares about his patients. We recommend Dr Leibert to everyone we know with children. We have been seeing him for 13 years with no negative experiences.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
48	1	. been my doctor for over two years a friend recomended him to me and i have never had any issues 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
48	1	Very informed, up to date on research.  Took his time and covered things in detail as I needed them.  Great personality.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Lumenos
48	-1	A physical with him was the worst experience I have ever had. I will never go back to him again. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
49	-1	Dr Leveille is friendly enough but needs more training in endocrine issues especially thyroid.  He would not even do a test on my until I demanded it after feeling terrible and researching it all myself.  I knew I was suffering just like my sister with this disease.  Well I was RIGHT and the test came back way off.  If he does not know how to treat an illness then refer them to someone who does.  I guit going to him and found an internal medicine doctor with more common sense and knowledge.  	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	Dr. Leveille is an okay doctor. He doesnt have great bedside manner or make you feel comfortable, however he is very knowlodgeable and his nurse is very pleasant. Went to him a few times and am undecided on weather or not I will keep him. 	4	2	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	. Wonderful Doctor 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
50	1	I can see!!!  Talked to me and answered all my questions.  Took time.  All I cam say is I've never seen so well in my life since he did cataract surgery on me 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	The vision in my eye is twice as bad after he operated. Another person walked out of his office just before me saying &quot;but I still can't see&quot;. 		2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	I've dealt with Dr. Lesko for years.  Scoped my knee, Acl Repair on one of the kids, worked through petellar tendonites on another, and a new knee for my mom.  absolutely outstanding on all 4 occasions! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	-1	I saw Dr. Lesko three times for a broken foot.  He was arrogant, condescending, and rude.  The 2nd visit he spent more time complaining abut the health care reform and Obama than looking at my foot.  The third visit he appeared very annoyed that I had called several times that week regarding a buzzing in my foot.  When I came in he made reference to my phone calls as if they were a bother to him.  His instructions to me were to put a shoe on start walking through it.  I saw a new doctor the following week at which time a fracture was diagnosed exactly where I was telling Dr. Lesko it hurt.  He never did follow up xrays or MRI to see if additional damage was done. He tried to tell me I was developing RSD, reflex sympathy dysdrophy, in other words it was all in my head!  In my opinion he was an idiot and  I feel he has a problem with women. I will tell everyone not to go to hime EVER.  	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Humana
52	1	Jennifer was great! It was my first appointment with her, after my primary physician relocated recently.  She was very methodical, and went carefully through my past medical history with me. She was very polite, and very thorough.  She explained everything she was thinking to me in detail, making sure I had time to ask questions.  A very pleasant experience.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
53	1	Motorcyle accident and Dr. Lang did emergency surgery to save leg.  Follow-up visits also.  Takes time to answer questions  and is very helpful. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	My husband was a trama patient.  He was lucky Dr Lang was on call. He is an excellent orthapedic surgeon with an excellent, knowledgeable staff.  Great bedside manner, really cares about his patients.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
54	1	Very good doctor. Takes time to listen and doesnt make up your mind for you. He is very compassionate (even calling on a weekend with test results). His Nurse Charlotte and Mindy are very nice as well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
55	1	Best podiatrist I have ever visited. He was caring and helpful. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Dr Langen, and his nurse Mary Jo, were outstanding and made my bunion surgery a positive experience.  I 100% recommend Dr. Langen, and the entire staff, at Mile Bluff Clinic &amp; Hess Memorial.  Each and every staff member was kind, understanding and a wonderful caregiver.  Bunion surgery isn't fun, but my surgery was successful due to the excellent care from Dr. Langen.  I am extremely happy that I go to Mile Bluff for all my health care needs.  I also appreciate the patience and kind reception I have received from the front desk reception ladies, and the receptionist for Dr. Langen.  They are all excellent to work with.  Thank you everyone for your help and excellent care! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	0	 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
58	-1	Few months ago I went to Dr. Lanoway for the first time for back pain. He helped relieve some of the pain. I might of continued my treatment but his hours were very limited and I found myself waiting 30 minutes or more past my scheduled appointment. Or the doctor would come in late for work. Dr. Lanoway would do what he called a side posture adjustment&#63; There were times when after performing this adjustment he would fall on top of me. And there were times I could smell alcohol on him. I do not recommend this Chiropractor.  	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
59	-1	PLEASE FOR YOUR FAMILY AND YOU DONT SEE THIS DOCOR!!!!  This doctor does not listen and would not perform a scabies test on me because he &quot;knew&quot; it wasn't scabies.  Seeing him twice and getting the same advice and only seeing me for 10 min. max at a time...he would not listen (ego too big maybe) I decided to seek a free clinic and they confirmed scabies.   PLEASE FOR YOUR FAMILY AND YOU DONT SEE THIS DOCOR!!!! 	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
60	1	I was a patient with Dr. Glenda Lee for over 20 years. When I lost my job and health insurance I was told not to waste my time coming back. I offered to pay cash for my visits, however Dr. Lee's office staff said I need not bother. I wrote a letter to Dr. Lee and never received a response back. I thought she was the best Dr. ever until I lost my health insurance, then I was insignificant and not valued as a patient for over 20 years. Very very sad........ 	2	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	While Dr. Lee is a good doctor, her staff is horrible. They are rude, disrespectful, don't know much, and argue with you if you ask for something as simple as a doctor's note. Their billing department doesn't know what they're doing either; we switched insurance companies and they continually billed the old insurance company for a few months after, and overcharged us a few times. They also double booked an appointment of ours and said nothing about it except sorry, you get another doctor today. Overall, horrible service. 	1	3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	Dr. Lee is very nice and cheerful person. She always had time for my questions. She delivered my first baby. Thanks to her.    But, she doesn't have courteous staffs so I faced lots of problem in follow ups. I never got any proper answers on phone. You can rarely see smile on their face.    They don't have proper coordination with billing department. Several times I was charged extra and then I have to call them and correct it!! It was a big hassel for me.  	1	4	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
60	1	She is very kind and sincere.  Really listens and takes as much time as is necessary.  Very knowledgable.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
60	0	Not recommendable!! She doesn't have courteous staffs so will face problems in follow ups and will not get any proper answers on phone.  	1	3	3	3 	Insurance:Humana
61	-1	Overcharges, unprofessional, not helpful, sold a boot that was not needed. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	he overcharges 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	This doctor was somewhat nice, her staff was the best! Friendly and helpful. I wasn't crazy about Dr. Leonhardt herself, but I think that was just a personality clash between us. the main thing that turned me off about her office was the age! it REALLY needs updating. It is old, old, old!!! And I felt dirty when I was in there. so I left. I was sad though because the office girls were the best. I really miss them. I would recommend this doctor if you don't thave issues with old buildings and old decor, otherwise, she was ok.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
63	1	Dr.LaVora is a very genuine physician with incredible bedside manners. He has related well to my 14 year old daughter who he has been treating for the past year.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	-1	Purely business oriented.  make you visit as much as he can.  	2	4	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
63	1	Dr Lavora is an outstanding individual and doctor.  Extremely personable, does not rush out of the exam room until you and he are satisfied with the treatment and his explanation.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Anthem
63	1	I have dealt with Dr. Lavora with issues ranging from major foot surgey to plantar warts.  He is the best.  Personable and professional.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	I have been going to Dr. LaVora for over 15 years. He is a superior doctor, and an extremely admirable gentleman. A consummate doctor with exceptional skills and elegant manners.W.W. Wegner 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
63	1	I especially appreciate that he takes the time to educate me about my problem.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
63	1	The doctor really cares. He took the time to explain to me my problems and felt comfortable after I left. I really liked his follow up letter from the office.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
64	1	I saw Dr. Latterel for several years. She always took my health very seriously. She listened to my concerns and never put me off. She saw me as I was trying to get pregnant, and all through both of my pregnancies. I had a miscarriage that was misdiagnosed (as a health pregnancy)and she helped me through that as well. When I was in labor with my daughter, I saw her for maybe 30 seconds. She was apparently leaving for a conference that day and had to go &quot;get her hair done&quot; so she missed the birth of my daughter. My family and I were a little put off by her priorities, but we continued to see her for the care of my daughter until her practiced moved 3 years later. 	4	3	5	3 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	She looks like she just left med school, but she is helpful and accomodating. My first visit with her was not great, she was rushed and had her hand on the doorknob the whole time. Since then she's been better, and she really empathizes with my problems and was willing to explore multiple treatment options with me. 		4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	Dr. Leek is a very nice doctor. He was in no hurry and explained my back problem very thoroughly. A lot of my family and friends suggested Dr. Leek and I am glad to have meet him. Unfortunately my back did not respond to the epidural shots. Doctor Leek put all he could into trying. I like his wonderful sense of humor and that in its self made me feel comfortable. Thank you, Dr. Leek.  	3	5	4	5 	Insurance:Medicare
65	1	Great doc to see. listened well and explained everything to me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
65	-1	Went in as new patient with history of diagnosed painful health problems. This doctor told me he didn't think I was in any pain and refused any treatment with me. Can you imagine that&#63; But he sure was quick to send me a bill. This is a doctor in for the money and nothing else. Something should be done with these types of doctors. They should not be allowed to send bill for refusing to treat patients with known health problems. I don't even think he read my medical history! 	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	she is very kind and always on time. I really liked her 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	Dr Lanzer deserves a gold star. He really is a talented doctor. I had some cosmetic surgery done including face work and some body liposuction and found him to be very generous with his time and very patient (I need things clearly and slowly explained  - and he did this with a smile). I was nervous to go in , but from the moment I did step into the surgery I was made to feel really at ease. My results are impressive. Everyone comments on how much younger I look - I feel the same way too! - Thank you Dr Lanzer. I was also so impressed by how someone from his office called me after to make sure I was happy and had any questions. I would not hesitate to suggest anyone of my friends or family to be treated by Dr Lanzer - he is a wonderful caring doctor, the best! 	 7/8/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	I'm 25 years old suffering from chronic pain for 5 years.  I've had pointless surgeries and seen so many specialists who have done nothing but shove me back into Physical Therapy and take multiple MRIs, CTScans, and x-rays.  Dr. Leonard was the first doctor to take time and really look over me.  He knew what he was doing and now after 6 years of pain I'm about to get the treatment I need. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Kind,  caring, hard working doctor that truly cares about your recovery.  He is an asset to his profession. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Excellent PMR doc with great personality and extremely knowledgable. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Dr Leslie is an amazing doctor! He found that my daughter had hip dysplasia within hours of her being born. With him finding this made the difference of her being able to walk, run and play vs a life with many difficulties! He is kind and comforting and very down to earth. He will explain things so you can understand what is going on and not just in medical terms.  I cannot say enough about Dr Leslie other than he is amazing! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
70	1	Excellent doctor! Listens, follows up! 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Dr. Labudde does excellent work. He and his staff are always considerate, friendly and respectful. I've gone to him for years and will continue to do so, even though he is not in the town in which I live. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	My whole family goes to this dentist, and though I now live 70 miles away from Jackson, I refuse to consider anyone else.  Dr. LaBudde and his staff are extremely patient and attentive (several of the ladies on staff helped me plan my wedding!).  Their new facility is nice and though they do not have laser cleaning, I've always gotten the impression that the staff makes an effort to stay up-to-date.  You have to make appointments several months in advance - they are always busy - but in all the years I've been going here they never seem to be running late.  I can honestly say I've never minded going to the dentist and it's because of these hygienists (especially Leah) and Dr. LaBudde. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	Dr. LeMarbre is a kind and knowledgable oncologist.  I never feel rushed during an  appointment.  My only negative thought may be that he is difficult to reach on the phone. He always has his nurse follow up on calls rather than returning them himself. Besides that, I would recommend him as a gentle, understanding doctor.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
73	1	Very knowledgable.   Direct, but good bedside manner.   Sat and listened to everything I said going through each and every ailment and had direct solutions for each problem.  Would recommend to anyone.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
73	1	All the good things that were mentioned in the other reviews are absolutely true.  Dr. Leong is humble, kind hearted, knowledgeable and takes time with each person to find out what their needs really are.  One of the best doctors I have every met.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
73	1	He is awesome. He cares about the patient on a personal level as well as a professional level. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Very concerned doctor. Friendly and wonderful with children, will not bring my kids anywhere else. He sets your mind at ease. He checks into anything he suspects, does not wait for things to get bad first. Will usually always call himself to check and see how things are going after a visit. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	-1	if you want focused care, don't see this doctor.  	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
75	1	I have been with &quot;Dr. Barb for over 20 years. My family nearly considers her part of the family. I am alive today because of the care I got from the beginning of what back in the 90's a terrible prognosis to a Long-term, independent survivor. Her nurse Ruth know.s more about HIV then a lot of doctors. When gives you a vaccination you will hardly feel a thing. She took care of a partner to the end of his life and he trust he more then the specialist she refereed him to for his eyes. She might be small on stature but she helped me stand tall.  Her education is impressive, her level of experience is extensive she is frequently consulted by other medical professionals. You will not wait too long (without an explanation)  She will take complicated HIV medication and help you make sense of them. She knows that one of the most important traits of long term survival is a partnership and you taking an an active role in planning your care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
75	1	Exceptional;Brilliant-no need to say more. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	Love dr. Lautz! The other doctors at the office are amazing as well! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	She has been our pediatrician for our twins for 3 years. Came hioighly recommended by nurses at our Nicu and other people we know. We are very happy with her and would not change. Also very happy with other DRs at the group.  We had to visit some of them for non routine visits when Dr Amy is not available and have been very pleased with them also 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
77	-1	VERY rude to myself and family. insensitive to area being treated and was willing to burn area, without offering any alternatives to reduce scarring, pain. Lehman suggested we seek second opinion, but then prevented any of the other specialists from seeing us, after he contacted them. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	Outstanding physician. Clear, concise,prompt. He was patient with me and with my husband. Wonderful surgeon. I am forever grateful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
77	1	Dr Lehman is wonderful! Great bedside manner, always professional and sympathetic to all your questions regarding your cancer. I have had him for 5 years now. If I ever would move I would make sure to come back once a yr for my checkup.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
77	1	I have found Dr. Lehman to be a very caring and kind person. He is very upbeat at every appointment and I feel so encouraged that I will be fine. Keep up the good work! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	Dr. Lehman is a wonderful doctor who helps you at your most difficult time: a cancer diagnosis. He is caring, thorough and honest. I would highly recommend him. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Very down to earth 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	I had a bilateral knee replacement. Dr. Larson and Dr. Wood did the replacements. Excellent practice and great success. Highly recommended.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
79	1	Dr Larson did a total knee replacement on my husband&quot;s left knee one year ago.Excellent surgeon!! Very good bedside manner! Very caring doctor. The knee is almost back to normal.  Thank you Dr Larson!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
79	1	Dr. Larson is a board certified orthopedic surgeon who practices general orthopedic surgery and has a special interest in joint replacement surgery. He was a wonderful bedside manor as well as a wide knowledge base. You are definately in good hands with Dr. Larson. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	0	Nice guy, icky office.  Has a ton of people scheduled and there's always a wait.  Maybe he's competent but maybe not.  Had me walk on the floor with no shoes and it was SO dirty.  The place looks like 1976 and doesn't look like it was cleaned since then too.  Won't go back. 	2	2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	Very competent doctor.  Anesthesia went very well.  Would recommend.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
82	1	Best pediatrician we could ask for.  He treats all 3 of our children and we couldn't be happier with the care that he gives them. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	He is a great doctor!! Goes above the call of duty. I wish all of my son with special needs doctors could be as attentive. All the doctors we've seen there have been very good! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	VERY good doctor. I have had him since I was born, and now my daughter goes to him. He's such a good, caring, informative, and nice doctor who really loves what he does and cares genuinely about his patients. He also cares about costs. When our daughter was in the hospital, he told them to clear the room of equiptment that wasn't being used so we wouldn't be charged for it. He is an amazing doctor, and he daughter, Amy Lautz is also a great doctor in pediatrics. I recommend them both HIGHLY.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
83	1	IT WAS MY 1ST TIME GETTING A CAVITIY FILLED AND I WAS SO SCARED. I WENT TO MISHICOT DENTAL WITH FAMILY SUGGESTION AND DOCTOR LASSLO AND HER WONDERFUL STAFF WERE PATCIENT, ATTENTIVE AND KNOWLEDGABLE ON ALL MY NEEDS AND CONCERNS. IT IS A WONDERFUL FACILITY AND I RECCOMEND IT TO ANYONE ESPECIALLY ANYONE WHO IS SCARED OF GETTING DENTAL WORK DONE.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unicare
84	1	Sweet lady...knows her stuff...works with me to find the best treatment for my disease.  I love her and her nurses are the best! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	-1	I found her to not listen to my problems or give me the time to listen to questions I had about treatement.  She didn't research my case well enough before prescribing medicine.  Overall I was very unsatisfied with her. 	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	No Medicine for pain, I had body aches, sore throat, STREP throat and was giving Lidocaine which made me throw up every time. Cough syrup is what you give to a strep throat person which helps both the body aches and the painful throat - duh I was treated badly - I'm 43 yrs old like I would go get STREP THROAT just to get cough syrup. There is no reason why I should be in pain!!! 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	Dr. Lee always listens to our concerns and helps us to make the best decisions regarding our family's health.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
85	1	The clinic is a government clinic, making it difficult to get appointments. This doctor is very careful and open-minded, very willing to listen and non-judgemental. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	Not sure how anyone could give him a poor rating. He's great!! Very nice, knowledgable and punctual and I've been seeing him for over 10 years. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	My husbands employer has a no out of pocket insurance.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
86	-1	I had a very bad experience with Dr. Lasser.  He recommended a treatment plan that I believe was the most convenient for him and was not in my best interest, and a second opinion from another doctor confirmed this.  I felt like he was rude and condescending to both me and my husband.  He made me feel uncomfortable and I would not recommend him to anyone. 	 5/11/11	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	I've been seeing Dr. Lasser for about 11 years, and he is awesome!! =) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	Dr. Lasser is awesome! I would recommend every woman go see him. He makes you feel very comfortable and gives you as much time as you need to discuss your health care options.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
87	1	Sure, I usually have to wait well past my appt time, but especially with an OB/GYN that's expected.  I've been going to Dr. Lamping for around 15 years.  She delivered both my kids and was very caring and even made me laugh a few times during delivery!  She has always been respectful and informative.  I know if I ask a question I'll get an honest answer.  Would, and have, recommended her.  	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
87	-1	DR. LAMPING DID NOT RECOGNIZE A SERIOUS ILLNESS I HAD DESPITE MY COMPLAINTS AND CONCERNS.  I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS DOCTOR.  SHE WAS EXTREMELY AROGANT AND DISRESPECTFUL.  + 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	Dr. Lamping was a very kind doctor that put me at ease immediately.  I was fortunate enough to have her throughout my pregnancy and for the delivery.  I would highly recommend her to anyone.  	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
87	0	During my visit I felt that I was treated poorly.I would NEVER recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was some help.Overall I would rate this visit : AWFUL! 		4	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
88	-1	Dr Laibly ordered tests to get us on our way. Once an issue arose w/one of my husband's tests he referred us to a specialist. After those results I asked for another meeting w/Dr. Laibly, hoping he might consider less radical treatment for an issue they couldn't even guarantee was giving us problems. Unfortunately, my follow up was one of the most awful experiences of my life. I was inthe middle of a miscarriage &amp; treated rudely &amp; disrespectfully. When I asked about an alternative treatment plan, I was immediately crushed and told that he didnt want to spend his weekends doing IUIs, even though that wasnt even what I was asking for.  I was told I had no other options and that I needed to go home and talk to my husband about IUI or IVF. At end of our consultation I was told I dont want to see you again until youre pregnant.  He was unkind, uncaring &amp; unwilling to provide care for me. 	5	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	WONDERFUL! He solved the mystery of my pain! We performed a perfect surgery and was there for me every step of the way! I only wish I didn't have to leave him (due to insurance change).  He has been the best dr I've ever had! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
88	1	This doctor is amazing he really listens to the patient. I had an ongoing problem for over 10 years of my life living with pain Dr. Shawn Liably is the best doctor that I have found, He treated me like a human being not a number.Listens to patient and talks with you about your problem didnt just hand me a prescription and tell me take the pills... VERY HAPPY and WOULDNT TRADE HIM FOR A DOCTOR FOR ANYTHING 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Dr.Laibly was my surgeon for a hysterectomy in Jan. 2009.  He takes the time to listen and involves you in your healthcare management.  Very professional, very caring and very respectful of his patient's choices. The reason I rated a 4 on punctuality is because I always had to wait to be seen..but I didn't mind because I know how he is...he gives his patient that extra time and answers all questions. I never felt that he was rushed to get to the next patient.   Wholeheartedly recommend this doctor! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
88	1	Dr. Laibly is wonderful and I would highly recommend him for anything! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	-1	Very nnice at first and when she couldnt fix you, look out your worst enemy. To bad she had to take her own frustations out on her patients 	3	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	. Very nice Doctor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
91	1	. Very Helpfull 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Banner Health
92	1	Dr. Ladwig was the first doctor that I felt actually listened to my questions/concerns.  He remembered who I was personally after one visit and made sure that I left his office feeling confident in what was happening with my injury.  His actions have made me decide to find a new primary doctor within St. Luke's, feeling that I will be taken care of by any doctor within the hospital with the same level of excellent care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
92	-1	Was 1 hour and 10minutes waiting in the exam room.  Came in asked some questions, ordered xray, told me I should have injection. Never explained it, said it would help, never really had hands on my knee except to decide where to inject it.  Was in extreme pain following injection. Called office, and was initially told that was normal to experience discomfort following injection.  Discomfort is one thing extreme severe pain another.  Cannot recommend his services- 	3	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	I recently had complex knee surgery by Dr Ladwig. He was very explicit in describing the surgery and the recovery time and therapy. I've also had other surgeries with him that were compeletely successful and afforded me the opportunity to continue to lead a relatively active lifestyle.  His reputation with other doctors I've consulted with is excellent; often these doc say they would use him themselves for surgeries similar to mine. I recommend him very highly for his skills and williness to expain procedures to the patient. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	Dr Ladwig is very skilled and professional. I had a difficult and complicated surgery with him that other surgeons were unwilling to touch, as I had multiple fractures.  He has an excellent reputation among other docs. He is known as the doc to go to if nobody else can fix you. Very prompt and on time. Returned weekend calls quickly. Highly recommended.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	Excellent Surgeon, I had a right total knee replacement.  No problems at all.  My husband saw Doc Ladwig for a right rotator cuff surgery with excellent results.  Again, no problems at all.  I would say that Dr. Ladwig is a gifted Surgeon, my husband and I were very blessed to have him as our Surgeon.  Would recommend him very highly. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	dr. ladwig spent time explaining what was wrong and how to best remedy the pain.  on all of my appointments he was within minutes of the scheduled time and never seemed to be rushing me out 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
92	1	Excellent surgeon.  Very professional and through.  Highly recommended.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
92	-1	This doctor was rude with an attitude! UNPERSONABLE and seemed to be uncaring! Staff couldn't get appointment correct! 	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	Dr. Ladwig is quiet.  I had arthroscopy of my knee.  He did not tell me what my recovery would be like, but I didn't ask pre-op.  My fault.  He answered all my &#63;'s post-op.  Arthroscopy is a slow heal.  Google it.  Everybody heals differently, based on what's been done, and individual healing.  Dr. L did respond to concerns and returned phone call when I had a &#63; pre-op.  Be sure to get crutches if you have arthroscopy.  I felt good the day after surgery, but the 2nd post-op day was the worse.  I would ho back to Dr. Ladwig.  For surgeons priority is skill over bedside manner.  Great if you can get both.  Dr. Ladwig has a good reputation in the community.  When on this site, keep in mind that people are more apt to get vocal about their gripes than they are about their satisfaction.  MD was willing to review my MRI and show me what he did in surgery.  It's YOUR job to ask &#63;'s.  Go to appt. prepared.  You won't be disappointed if you ask &#63;'s.  His staff is great.  They go above & beyond.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	-1	I agree with others, post-op care was dismissive and inattentive.  Overall v. disappointed w/ Dr. Ladwig, he didn't seem to care much and never accepted my input as relevant in his diagnoses, which ended up batting 1 for 3 as 2 diagnoses were way off.  If you're going to visit Dr. Ladwig, don't make any decisions w/o a 2nd opinion. 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	Dr. Ladwig performed a orthopedic scope surgery to remove a loose body from my knee.  After 4 weeks I continued to have discomfort, swelling and instability in my knee.  After nearly falling 3 times in one day I went to see him.  He told me nothing was wrong.  The next week I fell and caused severe nerve damage to my leg.  He began to tell me that I wasnt having any pain and it was normal recovery.  From my knee to my toes I had no sensation for a week.  This was the worst experience with a doctor I have ever had in my life. 	1	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	Excellent surgeon; however, I was not satisfied with his post operative care. Also, he was unable to advise me how to proceed when the initial surgery was unsuccessful. 	 6/10/06		4	2	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	I was a patient of hers for 25 yrs.I have no idea what those low reviews are talking about.She is caring and friendly. She will spend as much time with you as needed. She is tenacious when trying to find a cause of your physical complaints. She may seem curt and in a hurry because she is fast talking, but that is her type A personality. I moved out of state 2 yrs ago and can't find a Dr here half as caring or smart.I really miss having her for my physician.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	-1	Did not help me with my problem had to ask my OBGYN for help and it wasn't even his field of expertise..did not seem to care what my symptoms were just to give me pills that didn't help and send me off.  Not very connected with patients. 	4	5	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	I have been seeing Dr Langlois for over 15 years and my parents have been going to her much longer.  She promptly returns phone calls and is curteous and extremely helpful and sympathetic to the needs of her patients.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
93	-1	She is a very cold hearted and cruel doctor. She does not seem to mind killing old and helpless people in nursing homes. She does not allow them to get proper medical care to keep them alive.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
94	1	We finally found a doctor that truly cares and is willing to listen to our needs. Other doctors in the past have completely dismissed many signs and symptoms that unfortunately wasted a year of our time. Dr. Lebovic is extremely prompt and very detailed.  I love that you can communicate with him directly through email or by phone.  Every time I have contacted him, he has responded in less than 20 minutes.  Even though we are not pregnant yet, I cannot say enough about how wonderful Dr. Lebovic is with his patients.  We trust him 100% and this has helped us stay calm and stress free through this difficult journey. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	My husband and I thought Dr. Lebovic was very professional. We had a tubal reversal done in April. He answered all of our questions and was very helpful. He is a soft spoken and gentle doctor. We trusted him completely. We had several visits with him prior to and following surgery and found his mannerisms to be consistent and professional. Although we are not pregnant yet we hope to be soon. We wouldn't have the possibility without Dr. Lebovic and his great staff. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	Dr. Lebovic was quiet and professional. My husband and I were very nervous about tubal reversal surgery. The Doctor answered all of our questions and helped to set our minds at ease. The surgery went well and was affordable considering our insurance did not cover the procedure. We had to visit the office several times before the surgery and we were always greeted by a friendly staff and great nurses. We hope to soon be pregnant and thank the entire staff and especially Doctor Lebovic for the professional care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	My wife and I went to every reproductive specialist in the Madison area and Dr. Lebovic is the only one who took the time to answer all our questions and made my wife and I feel relaxed and as if we finally had hope. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	I saw Dr. Lebovic for removal of a large intramural leiomyoma. He performed a robotic myomectomy on me two weeks ago, and I am recovering very well. I met with two other doctors prior to meeting with him, but neither could offer this less-invasive, specialized procedure. In my experience, Dr. Lebovic is soft-spoken and serious, and demonstrates a thoughtful respect for his patients. He was very kind to me throughout, encouraging and answering questions, and he was available at each step -- before the signing of the consent form, pre/post-surgery and at the follow-up visit. His staff are also helpful and compassionate. I felt very well-cared for, and feel fortunate to have had him as my surgeon. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	Terrific bedside manner and overall superb care with wealth of knowledge base. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	We have been very happy with Dr. Lebovic's care. He may be quiet and reserved but he has gone out of his way to help us. We have a beautiful little baby because of Dr. Lebovic and his great staff. We have always felt that he put a great deal of thought into his decisions about our treatment and is vert cautious. We have gone back to Dr. Lebovic to assist us in getting pregnant again. He remembered who we were and once again we feel that he exudes professionalism and a great deal of knowledge. We really like Dr. Lebovic...don't mistake quiet for cold and uncaring. Dr. Lebovic has shown us on several occasions that he cares and wants us to succeed. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	0	I've seen Dr. Lebovic several times over the past four years. I also find him to be quite cold and dismissive. It's odd because his nurses say he's not that way to them. I feel he is too passive when it comes to recommending treatment. It almost feels as though he doesn't want his patients to succeed. I think he's probably well trained and knowledgable but his manner with patients leaves a great deal to be desired. I'm in the process of finding another provider. 		4	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	Dan was extremely helpful to my wife and I after we saw following my wife's second miscarriage. He is a bit reserved, but found him to be very caring. He was extremely generous with his time, e-mailing us with extended answers to our questions. He is very knowledgeable of the literature. If anything, we found him less pushy than we actually wanted him to be, giving us a significant latitude in how we wanted to proceed (entirely the opposite of the other reviewer). I have, very enthusiastically, advised two other couples to seek him out. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	-1	I did not feel comfortable with this doctor during my visit. It was obvious to me that he did not want me to ask questions. He was somewhat rude and dismissive when I did ask questions. He was extremely cold and clinical. I would not trust him with my care and requested another doctor. I was shocked that someone who is an infertility specialist would not have even a shred of kindness or understanding for what women are going through. It was obvious to me that he had none. 		5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
94	-1	He was someone I didnt trust. He pushed me toward a surgery that I didnt ultimately need. He was rude to my husband when my husband voiced concerns about the surgery and it was my husband and I that actually pushed for the course of action that resulted in the conception of our child. With the doctors plan, I would have had surgery and it would have done me no good.  		3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	Best Psycologist around!! Compassonate and caring... 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	This woman turned my life around with her compassion, intelligence, kindness, professionalism, and human connection. I've been to many counselors/psychologists, but no one anywhere close to as fantastic as this woman. In fact, I haven't ever needed counseling again; that's how profoundly her work affected me. Count your lucky stars if you live near enough to entrust your mental health to Dr. Lehman. You will NEVER find a better therapist. Never. Beth D. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	-1	Very expensive treatment that did not get to the cause of the problem. He does not answer calls after hours - even if the medication he prescribed is making the patient sick. 	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
96	0	Some of his office visit treatments are not covered, but you don't know ahead of time. My insurance is very good, I've never had an MD service that was not covered other than his. He privided craniosacral therapty as treatment for an orthopedic injury. At first I had high hopes, but the treatment didn't really help. Altho he was professional, the treatment involved close physical contact, and during physical manipulation he made no effort to assure my physical and interpersonal comfort.  		4	2	3 	Insurance:Humana
96	-1	Limited treatment options considered. Little consideration of patient input. 		4	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	Nice bedside manner. She's intelligent and doesn't rush you.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	1	My wife is a pediatrician, and this is the guy that she picked saying &quot;hands down...no question.&quot;  I don't much like doctors, but this guy is such a special doc that you don't feel stupid asking questions, and you NEVER feel belittled.  He is unbelievably intelligent, but more than that he just loves kids (and even parents too, I think). 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	I have an almost two year old, and we've been going to Dr. Leach since she was born. He makes new parents feel confident and at ease! He listens to his patience and his sense of humor makes going to the Dr. less of a pain. The staff on the other hand is often less then helpful and at times even rude. Sometimes it's difficult to see him on short notice (as if you can tell he is a popular doctor) but there are always doctors in his clinic that can see my daughter if need be. I would recommend Dr. Leach and can't imagine seeing anyone else! 	2	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	The best doctor by far - one of his best attributes is that he does not have &quot;knee jerk&quot; reactions to you childs ills and other problems. He is very judicious in presribing meds. He does just walk in ask what you &quot;think&quot; is wrong and prescribe something for your child just to get you out of there.  GREAT DOC! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
98	1	Dr. Leach is the best doctor for children as well as their parents.  As first time parents, he made the appointments fun and non-threatening for us, he is always open to questions and helped us think through making appointments affordable because our insurance doesn't cover anything.  Our son loves to go to him and and always says &quot;He's silly, isn't he, Mom&#63;&quot;  He has never been scared of going to the Dr. because Dr. Leach just isn't scary.  His staff is excellent and most helpful when calling in with questions.  One nurse called us several times a day to check on our son, and helped us through an illness so that we never needed to go to the office.  I just can't say enough about Dr. Leach! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	Dr. Leach's knowledge along with his sense of humor makes him very approachable. He's great with both of my kids (boy and girl) 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	I started going to Dr. Leach when I was 4 mths old and got my last appt in a few months before I turned 18 and am extremely disappointed I cant continue to see him. He is very helpful, friendly, and knows how to LISTEN. He always took what my mom told him seriously and treated her like she knew what was going on with her child. I recommend anyone I know who has children to him, because he is just that great. He also works closely with Children's Hospital of Wisconsin. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	Kind, gentle, not dictatorial, tries to meet patient's needs and desires; very current with techniques and approaches.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
99	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
