dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	I liked Dr. Thompson. He did a very thorough exam and notates everything with some dental software program.  Very competent.  Very friendly.  But when I had my teeth cleaned, the hygienist left the office door wide open!  I felt like I was on display for every Tom Dick & Harry who strolled down the hallway.   I don't know why I didn't say something -- next time I will :) 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Delta Dental
2	-1	My son never cried at a doctor appointment (other than vaccinations) until I met Dr. Taylor.  I saw her for 3 appointments, starting when my son was about 18 months.  At his final appointment with him she pulled back his foreskin so hard that he was screaming in pain.  Ever since this episode he would barely let us wipe him at diaper changes.  I found her bedside manner to be lacking.  I also didn't appreciate the manner in which she talked to us as the parents.  I felt her to be somewhat condescending, and not in tune with the parents' wishes in their child's healthcare and raising.  I raised concerns several times over feeling like my son was getting vaccines that he'd already had, and felt railroaded into just accepting them.  Personally, I would never recommend her to someone else.  Her nurses were always friendly, though. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	I've been going to Dr. Tipple for over 10 years. I've never had a negative experience, everyone is very nice and I feel I have a very healthy mouth due to their their watchful eye. Dr. Tipple checks in at every dental cleaning just to see how things are going and alert me to any upcoming issues.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
3	1	Dr. Tipple is very personable, talkative, and I have had a much better experience with him than with my previous dentists.  His staff - front desk, hygenists - are first-rate too.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
4	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Toonen's for  over 20 years and have always had excellent care from Dr. Toonen and his staff. The front desk goes out of their way to help me understand my insurance benefits and finding appointments which fit into my schedule.  The staff is friendly and makes me feel at ease. I feel they offer a great service at a competitive price. I actually don't mind going to the dentist.  Debbie Millies  Thanks sis  I appreciate it  Linda 	 2/11/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	I am so happy to have found Dr. Toonen and his office since I have had dental issues all my adult life going to the dentist is not my favorite thing to do.  The staff at Dr. Toonens office has made it enjoyable, they have always been helpful and patient with my concerns and fears.  The dental work I have been extremely happy with all the dental wark I have had done here.  I have been a patient for over 10 years and would not think of changing offices.  	 2/8/11	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
4	-1	Staff was unbelievable rude, and flat out lied about what I could expect from them.  I am sad that a place like this is out there.  My experience with this office has been the worst service experience I have had with any provider before. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	he is very caring and a pleasure to be around. he actually trys to help figure out whats wrong. I have always felt 100% cared for there.  	4	5	5	4 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
6	1	Great doctor! Good listener, very nice, nonjudgmental, and extremely competent. Highly recommend. 	 10/6/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Dr. Torgersen is fantastic! She is very nice, super helpful and understanding.  I had never been to this clinic before and choosing her for my Dr. was a great decision!!!  I will definitely be keeping her and having her as our family doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Very helpful in helping me understand what is going on with my teeth and why I'm having the pain I have. I thought I needed root canels but was instructed I need a mouthgard for TMJ issues.  Staff was very friendly and helpful. Recommendations and treatment have helped these issues. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	0	Wrong Diagnosis 	5	5	4	2 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Explained all options of care very well. Always willing to squeeze you in if medically needed. Wonderful bedside manners.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
8	-1	not very informative, doesn't seem knowledgable with brain injury issues, patient has to be well informed with meds and issues....  	4	4	2	1 	Insurance:Medicare
9	1	I think Dr. Thompson is the best!  He explains procedures.   His staff is awesome! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
10	1	Dr Tjarksen is a great doctor he was refered to me from my family doctor.  He offered me many options to fix my back and i picked surgery thanks and having surgery the 23rd of august 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
10	1	I had used Dr Tjarksen for a neck issue. I had been in pain for several months before being refered to him. He was fast in making a determination on the root cause of my pain. He originaly scheduled my surgery out 3-4 months but after watching me walk toward the lobby he called me back and rescheduled my surgery for the following week. I found him very knowlegedable and helpful. The operation was a complete success and I wish I hadn't put it off for so long as I did. I haven't felt this good in years.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Dr. Tjarksen performed a 4 hour, 4 level spinal fusion with discectomy on my 74 year old mother in Jan '10.  He is incredibly caring, kind, polite, knowledgeable, willing to listen, and most importantly, highly skilled!  My mom has since recommended Dr. Tjarksen to several friends who have all had a positive experience with him.  She is back riding her lawn mower 4 months after surgery.  Thank you Dr.  Tjarksen! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
10	-1	Saw him for neck pain suffered in a compression type injury.  Was in the room for 3 minutes, had me move my neck around then sent me for an x-ray.  Did not even have the decency to come back into the room afterwards.  Told his nurse to come in and tell me that he thought it was a strain.  I asked about pain meds and she had to go ask him.  She came back and said that with Physical Therapy, I won't need meds.  Cannot get into physical therapy for over a week.  HORRIBLE bedside manner!  I would never recommend to anyone.  	2	4	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Dr. Tjarksen is great! Very knowledgable.. He picked up my case from another doctor and is doing surgery and finishing up what I had done at a hospital that is out of network for my insurance. Thanks Dr.  T! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
10	1	Dr. Tjarksen did 3 major surgeries on my left hip and thigh. He has excellent beside manner in addition to great skills. He is honest and freely admits if your case is complicated beyond his expertise. (That was my situation.) He immediately had the name of another orthopedic specialist. Too many times I have not been given a referral by MDs. Too many doctors will not admit when they don't know what to do. Dr. T always took me seriously too.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
10	-1	Wouldn't order tests, said it wouldn't change his mind & refused to look at past test results. I have a history of major back problems & he was a waste of my time. I refuse to recommend anyone to him. Very arrogent & rude. 	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	This doctor was very patient and caring when I was asking lots of questions. He was always on time and he did a great job on my back. My recovery is going well. They make sure you have all the instructions in writing so you know what to do when you get home. Great communication! Thanks Dr. Tjarksen! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Dr. Tjarksen was wonderful!!! He diagnosed my back problem, giving me many options besides surgery to correct my problem. I still opted for surgery. He had me in for surgery within one week, and within a month I was back to &quot;normal&quot;. My followup visits were quick and very thorough. He took much interest in any questions that I had, he was wonderful to my family after surgery, answering any and all questions they had. He is always smiling and had a great &quot;bed side manner&quot;. I would definately recommend him to anyone. He gave me my life back!! Thank you Dr. T.!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	Dr. Tjarksen was NOT at all helpfull to me when I saw him for neck and back pain. He was extremely arrogant and insinuated that my pain was in my head even though I had a MRI showing multiple disc herniations. Fortunately, I was able to find a doctor that treated me with respect and was actually able to help me.  		3	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	I thought he was excellent! I was in so much pain that I could't bear to sit or stand. He saw me on Wednesday and had me in surgery by Saturday. I am pain free and recovered beautifully. He even called me at home personally to see how I was recovering. Very concerned and caring doctor. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	This Doctor saved me from a life of pain and misery...I think he is a wondeful doctor.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
10	-1	Saw him for back pain I have had for 10 years and waited over an hour past appointement to see him. He was in the room for 5 minutes and told me I was fine and he could not help.  Terrible doctor 		1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	0	. Rude,arrogant,lacks any bedside manner, not very helpful 		2	2	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
11	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Tovar for 11 years. I was shocked to see the negative reviews. He delivered my two children and has operated on myself. The only issue I have is that his appointments often run 30 to 45 minutes late. After saying that I would have no problem recommending him.  	4	3	4	4 	Insurance:Humana
11	0	I ended up being rushed to the hopsital for an ectopic pregnancy, then trasported to a diff one while he was suppose to meet me and start the suregery... however he made me wait for over 2 hours and then, he was never on time I was in the hospital for 3 days and saw him on my release date.. never heard from him and he never checked up on me! He was 5hrs late to me the last day I was in the hospital. he said he wanted to see me at his clinic for a check up 2wks after well aparently my insurance didnt cover ectopic surgeries so his staff would not let me see him unless i paid $200. I think that is BS! that he dosent even care about his patients care and it seem he only about collecting $$$$! Also he is cocky as hell and rude! when ever i would ask questions he made me feel dumb like he was better than me! Also, his staff and office to me seems ghetto! and the workers are rude as hell! The people that go there seem to be lower class hispanics, just not a good enviroment.... 	2	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	the staff is very unpleasant i felt as though i was getting a attitude from them everytime i asked a question or was asked to do somthing.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Medicare
11	-1	When I went into labor 9 years ago...he was my doctor. To this day I still have horrible memories of that event. He never really wanted to tend to me. All he wanted to do was cut me up. He wanted out of there...because he had a scheduled appointment in the morning... I was in labor for 14 hours...and I remember him yelling at the nurse attending to me...about waking him up... I remember how upset he was...when I was in such tremendous pain. He didn't want to be there...and towards the middle of my labor...I didn't want him to be there either. Like I said he kept on wanting to cut me up...to get the labor over with. He was horrible. His partner finally came in and resued me. My baby had to be sucked out of my vagina. My vagina...ended up staying purple for over 3 years after the horrible incident. My husband and I thought I was going to die that day...if not both my baby and I. He was horrible... Horrible. I wouldn't even recommend him to my worst enemy. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Dr. Thomas is usually running behind, but that is because he is thorough and makes sure all your questions are answered.  He is worth the wait. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Dr. Thomas is very knowledgeable and professional.  He takes the time needed to make sure you understand.  He cares about his patients and truly listens.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
13	1	Excellent doctor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	I have seen other Dr.'s that couldn't diagnose the problem with my hand/arm. Dr. Taylor made a quick diagnose and prescribed treatment that took care of the problem within a couple weeks.  I had been suffering with this condition for months. Best Dr. I have ever seen! (Cute too) 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	I have gone to Dr T for 11 years and she has delivered my three boys.   I love both her and Terry.   They are very friendly, professional, caring and I would not consider going anywhere else.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
15	1	I love Dr. Trebian. She is personable, kind and patient, with a great sense of humor. Even my husband (who distrusts most doctors) thinks she is fantastic. On the rare occasion she doesn't have an immediate answer, she will find it for me. Terri is a huge help in the office and very easy to talk with as well.  Great team! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
15	-1	i was a patient of this doctor for many years. After having a tubal failure with this doctor and how she handled it i wouldnt go again nor would i recommend her to anyone.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
15	1	I love Dr. Trebian!  I wish I could see her for all my medical issues.  She helped me tremendously when I had post-partum issues.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
15	1	WONDERFUL OB/GYN.  She really listened to what I wanted during my first pregnancy and was supportive of my choices during labor and delivery.   The office is small, so things stay on time which is great too! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
15	1	I found Dr. Trebian completely on accident in my early 20's, and would recommend her to anyone who wants a female OBGYN who will listen to your concerns with genuine interest and care, without passing judgement (hey, we all make mistakes in our early 20's!).  There's a reason you practically have to book 6 months in advance to see her!  She's wonderful - highly recommended. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Dr. Trebian is very kind, personable, and knowledgeable.  She explains thing in a down-to-earth way without making you feel she is talking down to you.  Normally I dread going to the doctor, but she made me very comfortable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
15	1	Dr. Trebian is the best. She's very friendly and thorough. She talks to me when I come in, she addresses my concerns and has diagnosed me quickly and accurately whenever anything was wrong. She's surprised me by calling me herself with test results. I trust her absolutely, and I don't DREAD going to see her. I'm lucky I found her.    (p.s. I actually have Trilogy Insurance now. ) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
15	1	. Very patient-centered, friendly, and cheerful, even in the middle of the night! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
15	1	just great! she treats my wife wonderfully.  emergency  c-section for our first child, and she handled the situation with great aplomb.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
15	1	Dr. T and staff are amazing! I love those girls...very helpful, very honest and always has my best interest in mind (both personally and professionaly) If anyone is looking for a support staff specializing in the care of women...mental, social, emtional, look no futher. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	very friendly and knowlegeable. makes you feel very comfortable. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Fantastic doctor. She listens and values her patient's time as much as her own. As another medical professional, I appreciate her depth of knowledge and dedication to working as a partner with her patients. She also has a great personality and is very interested in the issues that women face in all aspects of health care. I can't recommend her highly enough. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	She recently delivered my first baby. Explains everything well and allowed me to give input regarding my care. Very friendly and seems to really care about her patients. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Had total hysterectomy.he was very attentive and explained everything as he went.friendly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
16	-1	Dr. Tiffany was a decent doctor for my annual exams...but once I got pregnant, he seemed to change completely.  Did not respect my choices regarding prenatal testing, did not seem concerned about my questions or concerns and only once asked me about any discomforts - my acne, so that he could try to sell me an expensive skin product that his office now prescribes.  I don't know what happened, as I used to really like him, but after my second prenatal appointment I chose not to return to his office due to his rudeness and unprofessional attitude.  I am concerned that someone who doesn't respect my wishes or concerns for my pregnancy would not care about those same things in labor and delivery. No thanks. I'll be having a home birth with a midwife, and Dr. Tiffany helped me make that decision.  	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
16	-1	Dr. Michael tiffany was VERY VERY VERY rude and I would not recommend him to anyone I know, he didn't seem to care about anything, he asked me if I was a smoker I told him yes and he started to go on and on about quitting smoking and I told him im well aware, and when i recieved my bill in the mail he charged me $46.00 for talking about smoking when I didn't even ask to talk about it. Also he left to do a delivery without even telling me until his staff came in and asked me why i'm still here that he went to deliver a baby, and no one told me I was still waiting to be seen!!!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	I had a very bad experience with Dr. Tiffany.  He was arrogant and rude and yelled at me while my blood pressure was high about my blood pressure.  At the end of my visit with him, he told me that I was not allowed to step foot in his clinic ever again, and believe me, I would not.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Dr. Tiffany was very helpful and caring. He got along very well with my fiancée and of course myself. Next baby I have, I will go to him. He was no nonsense when it came to delivery, I ended up needing a C-Section, and as soon I was I told, I was in the operating room.  The staff is wonderful and caring, and I haven't had better! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
16	1	Dr. Tiffany is pretty cool. Like a caring brother. He did my hysterectomy and followed up with me professionally. I still see him outside of visits now and then and he takes the time to stop and say hi and ask how Im doing. I never had a GYNO Dr in my whole life until him and I like him.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
16	1	Dr. Tiffany and his staff really care about his patients. He saved my baby's life as well as mine. I could not have more faith in, and respect for a doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
16	1	Dr. Tiffany has been my Dr. for 5 years and he has always been very nice and professional, along w/his nurse. 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Dr Tiffany is a very good Dr. he is very sincere when it comes to his patients. He is very cautious and doesnt like doing unwanted surgery. But he has been very good with me and my family.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
17	-1	Physician was abrupt with patient; seemed annoyed when asked to explain medication issues. Was not sympathetic to patient's inability to pay for expensive medical tests. Was unwilling to offer less-costly alternatives to tests. 	4	5	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	I found him to be a very sincere doctor,and he spent a fair share of time with me.  It just seemed as though he used his computor too much instead of examining me but I did like him 	 12/21/07	5	3	4	Insurance:Humana
19	1	Excellent knowledge and diagnostic abilities.  Dr. Torres detected a blood clot in my leg that my orthopedic doctor had dismissed a day earlier.  He sent me directly to the hospital for treatment which most likely saved my life.  He seldom prescribes medication and encourages patients to take responsibility for staying healthy with good diet and exercise programs.  He will answer as many questions as I am prepared to ask and makes great referrals when I ask him to suggest a specialist for any reason.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
19	-1	Takes advantage of the older generation. Pushes drugs not needed. Difficult to understand as he speaks poor english. His charges are way out of line and should be reported to medicare.  	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
20	-1	A complete waste of time, has no compassion.  Typical corporate medicine attitude.  No personal care at all.  	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Rearranged her already full surgery schedule to the point of seriously inconveniencing herself, just to  accommodate my very narrow time frame for a necessary surgery, prior to my losing health insurance. Was genuinely concerned about my future health care options. Was thorough in examining xrays and MRI scans, explaining the problem I had, outlining my options, and explaining her surgical repairs.  Took photos during surgery to show me exactly how the repair was performed.  Saw me as many times as I needed to be seen post-surgically without any additional charges.  Made sure I had good pain control for months afterwards. Accommodates residents of the Winona, Minnesota area by traveling weekly from La Crosse to see them closer to their home. Is pleasant and personable. Her nurse is very consciencious and responded to me quickly, whenever I called with a question or problem. Honestly, I didn't have a single negative issue with her and will be using her services again in a few months.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
22	0	patient education lacking terribly. office staff very poor. poorly organized office. 	1	1	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	Dr. Tache handed me a prescription. When I asked him about potential aide effects, his response was that &quot;my face would stop hurting&quot;, said flippantly. Turns out the drug he prescribed is (a) habit-forming (b) can severely deform a fetus if pregnant and (c) can aggravate mental illness if it already exists. His response to my question was completely arrogant and irresponsible. I will never return to see any doc in this practice again.  	1	4	1	3 	Insurance:Humana
23	-1	I was told after consulting with the doctor here that I was REQUIRED to do PT at this clinic and not at the clinic where my other specialist had already referred me (and was many miles closer to my home) or the doctor would not see me as a patient.  Hmmm, interesting since she has a financial interest in that PT business.  I did go for the PT assessment; there was no range of motion,the young lady argued with me, told me I was not going to have my 'exercise routine modified due to my knees being pretty terribly' (ACLs completely torn due to inflammation, surgeon just told me I needed both replaced, another trying to hold with steriod injections to quiet them).  There are things I cannot do; that aggravate them, like deep knee bends.  I was told I WOULD be doing whatever exercise routine they gave me without modification.  I chose to go elsewhere for PT. Dr King told me she would NOT see me as a patient simply because of that!  The staff are rude robots. They read prewritten scripts.  	1	5	2	1 	Insurance:Medicare
24	1	Dr Tange has been my doctor for greater than thiry years. He is excellent and his nursing staff is also excellent 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Dr. Peggy Tong is the most helpful dermatologist I have seen. I saw 5-6 dermatologists and they all tried to rush me out of the office without carefully listening to my symptoms/history and answering my questions. Dr. Peggy Tong took her time to answer all the questions with a smile. She is very knowledgeable. I had to make an appointment 2-3 months in advance to see her. But it's really worth it. Now I know why she's booked for 2-3 months in advance.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
25	1	Dr. Tong and her staff were absolutely wonderful. Very professional, very helpful. I called the nurse to discuss a problem before my wedding. She called me back the next day just to see how the problem was doing. They went above and beyond the call of duty. Although very busy, Dr. Tong makes time to listen to your questions and respond fully. All of her nurses are wonderful, too! I can't recommend her highly enough 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Dr. Tishler is an incredible dentist and is fantastic with both adults and children. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Dr. Tishler and his staff are always very professional.  Whenever I have a question it is always handled in a prompt and professional manner.  My kids love Dr. Tishler, his chairside manner is second to none.  Highly recommended! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	she is an excellant doctor,and we need more doctors like her.Very smart and great personality.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
27	1	Dr. Tolentino is a very knowledgeable caring doctor. I highly recommend her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	Great Doctor listened to everything i had to say and very compasonate.  Will defenitly see her again! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	-1	Does not listen to patient. Shrugs off any complaints I had as,&quot; You're at that age&quot; and in turn missed a condition I have had for 2 yrs. that was finally diagnosed when I insisted on a referral to a specialist. I am getting a new primary care physician.  	5	3	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
28	1	I am very thankful for this doctor. She may not always be the most friendly. she saved my son's life by diagnosing a heart condition that could have cost him his life at a routine doctors appt. She also has a strange sense of humor, but so do I at times, so I find her enjoyable and look forward to my visits.  	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
28	-1	Dr. Thomsen does not listen to her patients, and I ended up going to another doctor the same day I saw her to receive treatment for a simple sinus infection and ear infection.  If you are looking for a doctor, I would keep looking.  We went to her a few times as our family doctor, and we were never impressed.  This last visit was too much, and we are finally going to look for a new doctor.  	3	2	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
28	0	Very cold and arrogant. Pays more attention to the computer monitor than to me. Seems uninterested in my health problems. Needs to remember she is treating a human being.  	3	2	2	3 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
29	1	Very pleased. Dr Takata has the best patient manner I have ever seen. Very easy to talk to and her staff is great. I would recommend her without reservation. I feel confident that she cares and has my best interests at heart.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
30	1	So knowledgeable, patient, great bedside manner.  He will do what it takes to fix what ails you and he wont just decide on your treatment but will discuss options with youl 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
30	1	Dr. Thom is a very caring individual and very thorough with follow-through.  I've followed him from a previous clinic and several locations since 1978.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
31	0	.  	2	3	2	3 	Insurance:Medicare
31	1	The staff is helpful and he took the time to explain treatment to me. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	This doctor is not professional, and unclean office and patient rooms. He took an oath and he dont abide by it.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
32	1	Dr. Taylor was my Dr. from the late 1990s to the mid-2000s. When I changed insurance carriers through work, I wad to choose another physician. When I was again able, I chose Dr. Taylor again. I trust few medical professionals, but I have always felt Dr. Taylor has the holistic health of the patient in mind, he is very knowledgable, asks very pointed questions, and in several cases, where he did not know the answer to something, told me he would find it, and did within a matter of hours. There are not enough people like him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	He has been my doc for almost 20 years and we have gone through many illness.  He is always so kind, has empathy and very knowledgable!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Wonderful Christian man, really cares for his patients. 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	It is rare to have a physician truly LISTEN as well as this one did. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	Excellent care of my problems, very patient, caring, and understanding. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	I first met this doctor shortly after my first on was born. She was always kind, and understanding of all I didn't know as a new mom.She was my rock at times when I was at a loss on how to make my children better whenever they seemed to be sick.She remained my go to person for all three of my kids. Always welcoming, and always willing to teach,not judge.Show, not push away. My kids are now 16,13,9 and to this day they love all she did for them. ;) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Great doctor. Helpful, listens, does appropriate tests, gets to the bottom of your issues. He can get behind schedule a bit, but that is because he is actually helping his patients. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	When no other doctor would attempt to help me, he offered his services, and became a good trusted friend. He has an excellent empathetic manner, and encouraged my involvement in my own healing process.  		5	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	I foune this doctor to be exceptiionally knowlegable, very personable and proficient. I was more impressed by this Dr more than any other that I have had treat me in my entire 73 year life.  He is FANTASTIC!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Dr. Tanel is excellent in dealing with patients like me with multiple health problems. She remembers details of my various conditions and follows up accordingly. She shines when it comes to diagnostics, and the specialists with whom she consults have been stellar. Her staff of nurses, nurse practitioners and physician assistants are well-trained professionals; I trust them as well. I've been Dr. Tanel's patient for almost 20 years, and would leave her only if I relocated.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
37	1	Dr  Tanel has been on target for any symptoms I have discussed with her.   She is attentive, knowledgabls and returns any of my calls with question, promptly 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
38	1	I worked on a professional level with Dr. Timmermans before he becamse my PCP at the beginning of the year.  He has always been treating my symptoms seriously.  He is very wordy which is fun and takes the mind off of whatever I'm suffering.  Never condescendanting if I don't like a med he's suggesting, we work as a true doctor-patient team (I have a Medical bacground as well) .  Only negative is his nurse Wilma.  I've learned to get on her good side, but she does abruptly slam the door on your face after she has done her initial assessment.  She really takes a lot to open up.  Overall, I am very satisfied  I am espacially pleased by the ease of getting documentation to my employer for FMLA for 2 days of excruciating pain. 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	I cannot say enough about the excellent care that I received from Dr. Timmermans and his staff. The procedure that was required was explained in great detail which made the surgery easier to deal with.  The follow-up after the surgery was exceptional. I couldn’t believe that this man took the time to call my home to ensure we had made it home safely without any complications. Wow, you’re in safe hands with Dr. Timmermans and his team. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Dr. Timmermans has been willing to go the extra mile to care for me and my family and really works hard to get us the care we need within the guidelines of our insurance company. He has excellent followup and really seems to care.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
39	1	Knowledgeable and caring. Whenever i consulted him, his diagnosis we accurate insightful and to the point. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	-1	My daughter saw Dr. Temple for appx. 4 years for migraines and partial seizures but he neglected to do any type of a head scan. When we went ahead and did a head scan on our own, we discovered that a brain tumor was causing the headaches and seizures. When I wrote Dr. Temple a letter explaining why we would no longer be seeing him I received no response.  	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	. The very best 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
41	1	I just had my second son and Dr. Taylor has always taken time to listen to my numerous concerns and questions and although a quiet man is easily approachable and I have always been able to talk to him with ease.  He told me exactly what to expect when I had to see a specialist because of a spot appearing on the ultrasound; including my chances of having a child with downs and was extremely considerate of my feelings.  With my second son I was to have a planned c-section and my son decided he would come early.  Dr. Taylor had the day off but talked to me on the phone and came in on his day off to deliver my baby.  He did a great job with both surgeries and checking in after.  Dr. Taylor has always been very open to our decisions, took time to listen and has a good bed side manner. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	This needs more insurance choices or a &quot;none&quot; option.  He's not a warm, friendly, personable guy, but I felt I was in good hands.  I had PIH with my son, and I thought my care was managed very well.  Never did I feel like something more should have been done. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	-1	I saw Dr. Taylor during my pregancy with my first child. During my prenatal visits he often seemed as if he weren't listening to me and that I had to remind him of things.  The final straw was when post-delivery I asked him to check a hemorroid. He told me that it was 'fine', which I found out was clearly not the case when I visited a surgeon the following week.  	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
41	-1	I saw Dr. Taylor for an ovarian cyst.  He assured me he could remove the cyst w/out removing my ovary.  When I asked him about it again bef. surgery, he said &quot;I spent an hour going over this with you.  I already told you the reports indicate we can remove the cyst w/out removing the ovary.&quot; I was on the operating table, and everyone else was ready to go, except him. The nurse said he was not answering pages.  One of the other drs. said he was sitting in the lounge talking (which did not reassure me as I was lying there waiting to be cut open). I woke up from surgery, was of course horribly groggy and out of it, and he told me he removed my ovary, and then promptly left. When I saw him in his office afterwards, he could not respect my choice not to go onto Lupron to induce early menopause (something other doctors have since told me would be a horrible idea given my situation).  He said, &quot;well, you only have at least 12 years of painful periods then. &quot;  I would never recommend him, ever! 	4	3	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
42	1	I wouldn't recommend going here.  Nice Dr. but the place smelled of dust which is disgusting.  Had to wait.  I was also told that WEA insurance would pay for STD testing and sure enough I got my bill and it wasn't covered.  Thank you to the insurance office staff for ensuring it would be covered when it wasn't 	4	1	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Dr. Thompson is a fantastic all round Doctor.  Highly recommend! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	Dr. Thomassen's surgical skills reflect the advanced training he received during his fellowship at Wills Eye Hospital in Philadelphia, PA. His knowledge and skills, especially in cataracts,cornea, external disease and his skill in LASIK are exceptional. I now see 20/15 without glasses and would recommend him to anyone. He treats every patient like he would treat his own family, and always takes the time to explain exactly what is going on and what the treatment plan will be. While I have been in the office, other doctors interrupted to seek his consultation on difficult cases. The staff were very helpful and caring.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
44	1	Dr. Toth was amazing. In clinic, she's funny and personable yet knowledgeable and confident. Prior to surgery, she was all business, but still very approachable. Upon consulting with her, she evaluated my issue and just &quot;knew&quot; the treatment plan. Her awesome nurse was able to schedule my procedure the next business day. At the hospital, everyone spoke highly of her. One of my nurses even said that, of all the surgeons available, his family used Dr. Toth with confidence. On the day of my procedure, she was slightly late only because another surgeon had requested her to be on stand-by in case their procedure went wrong. All of this says volumes to me! My surgery went quickly and without a hitch. My incision is much smaller than I expected; recovery has been pretty easy. She was prompt to my follow-up, even before her nurse had finished vitals. I would send closest friends and family to see Dr. Toth without hesitation. Should I ever need another procedure, I will go to her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	I found Dr. toth to be extremely helpful, knowledgeable and while she was late she took the time with me that was needed for me to understand my situation. She was kind, thorough, answered all of my questions in a way I could understand and most definitly did not promise me anything that was not deliverable.  Frankly I doubt very much that she would ever promise anything that was not an absolute. Because I was scared and could not &quot;hear&quot; everything, she went over and over it all with me and also followed up with me.  I felt that she bent over backwards in trying to help me manage my fear and lack of knowledge.  She has been rated best general surgeon in Madison for many years and I believe, given my experience that it is well deserved. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	DR.Toth promised things she could not deliver.She said if I removed the breast I would not have to have chemo.She did this before doing any testing.After my surgery I ended up having extensive cancer and had to have chemo and radiation therapy.If testing would have been done before hand the outcome would have been different.  	2	3	2	1 	Insurance:Aetna
44	-1	Does not deliver what she promises.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
45	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Loved her, I cannot say enough good things about her, I would recommend her to any woman who is pregnant 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Dr Torres is an awesome Dr. She is so helpful, explains things so I can understand. Dr Torres cares about those who come to see her. She has a passion for her patients that comes threw. Never rushes me and is always listening to what I am saying. Even if I have a question as we are leaving the exame room she stops to take the time to answer that question. Patients can tell if the Dr really cares. Dr Torres Cares. If every Dr cared about the patient as much as she does the medical field would be so Blessed. Maybe I should say that we the people needing a Dr care would be  the blessed ones. I pray Dr Torres stay her in the Valley to grow her medical career. 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Dr Torres is very helpful and very knowledgeable. She took the time to listen to my concerns, and recommended a course of treatment while explaining things very clearly and in a manner that I could understand.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
46	1	I hate the women in the office and I can't say he knows everything about everything but I WOULD JUMP OFF A CLIFF FOR THIS DOCTOR! I am deeply in love with him and will never go anywhere else. We have seen him since my eldest son is born which will be 19 years in January. He is so warm, has the best bedside manner and generally seems to care.  I would recommend him to anyone, he is a rare gem! 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
46	1	He's a very caring and very knowledgeable GP. Everyone in my family has been seeing him for years. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	I have been with Dr. Teclaw for almost 20 years now. I am always taken right on time, everybody is very polite, and most importantly, I have never come back with a problem for any treatment in that time.  	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
47	1	I first came to Dr. Teclaw in the early 90's. I've never had a more caring and thoughtful person in the dental business. Soon after I had children we all were under his care. Every time when I have had a situation where I needed attention due to tooth pain, mouth injury, or any other needs, he was always there for me or my family.  His attention to detail and zest for quality oral health has always amazed me.  He is a very dedicated professional person, and I will always be his patient.  I have in the past always tried to refer as many people to him as I could. Dr Teclaw, thanks for all you do for me. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	The atmosphere is kid friendly yet professional.  The staff are personable, caring and informative.  I recall as a kid that visiting the Dentist was a fun adventure rather than a frightful experience. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	All the staff at Dr Teclaw office work to make the entire experience from scheduling to cleaning to major dental work a pleasant one.  Dr Teclaw is a great family dentist. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	-1	After being premedicated for a procedure to be done in Dr. Teclaw's office, he cancelled the appointment because he was running 20 min late and the &quot;office manager&quot; did not schedule enough time for the procedure. I had been so anxious about the appointment I had not slept for 2 days and he was aware of this. I told him I wanted my medical records and filled out a release. When I arrived at the office (which is located near a very congested bus stop) they were closed and all of my medical records were taped to the front door. I was mortified to know that people could have seen my name and personal information. 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
48	-1	did a lobectomy and cut the lobe in 3 peaces. that's not the normal way. one wedge for biopsy and the rest of the lobe if the wedge is cancerous. by doing the the path. did not do a correct path on all the sections of the lung and when i went for second opinion the oncologist &#63; him and the path. it was redone and another tumor was fond. this makes a big difference in staging and treatment.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
49	1	Dr. Thor's staff is very courteous and professional.  I've been there 3 times now and I have never had to wait more than 2 minutes.  Dr. Thor takes the time to personally explain everything he is doing and what you should expect.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
50	1	Fantastic Surgeon. Very skilled. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	-1	Would NEVER recommend Dr. Trampe to anyone!! Heres why: for a year she let me suffer with my gynecological problems without doing anything! I called multiple times and even saw her in the office three times before going elsewhere. I work in womens health and asked if she could maybe schedule me a pelvic ultrasound to see if there was anything there that could be causing the abnormal bleeding. She told me i didnt know what i was talking about and switched my birth control instead. When after three monthes this hadnt helped a bit i scheduled an appointment to see Hilary Kufahl. She recommended the ultrasound and lo and behold yes there was an abnormality causing all my problems not birth control! She did surgery on me and i havent had a single problem since. Dr. Trampe spends as little time with you as she can and asks if you have any questions while she is walking out the door so even if you do you cant ask them.  Horrible doctor dont waste your time! 	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
51	1	i love dr. trampe. she is quick and helpful. i like to see a woman, as i am one. she answered all &#63;s and i was on my way. she offered great advice and made my visit easy.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
51	-1	Definitely wouldnt recommend this Dr. to anybody else. I only came to her for my physical because I wanted a woman and she took my insurance. She was nice I guess, but only spent about 10 to 15 mins in the room with me, seemed rushed and seemed to dismiss my questions and concerns like I was taking up too much of her time. I dont know that I really want to come back to see her, I love the staff at her location however so I am going to try and find a different doctor at the same location.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
51	-1	Complete physical lasted less than 10 minutes. She ordered blood drawn and never called me with results. . . .all this for $200.00.  I will never so to her again 	5	5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	Compassionate, articulate and knowledgeable. No hassle check-in, called within 4 minutes. Dr. Trampe took her time to answer any questions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
51	-1	VERY BAD BEDSIDE MANNERS........  SEEMED RUSHED   THATS PROPABALY WHY ALWAYS HAS OPEN APPOINTMENTS  I WOULD NNNOOOTTT! SEE HER AGAIN 	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
52	-1	.  	5	5	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Excellent physician -- very efficient with his time utilization -- allows for optimum time with patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
54	1	Good doctor who listened to me and talked over my issues. Sorry I had to leave him, but disagreements with Aurora forced me to. Too bad this clinic wasn't still Advanced Healthcare and not Aurora, because I'd still be with Dr. Tanty. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Dr. Tilkens is Great. He explained everything in plain english so that I could understand. Answered all my questions in detail and I never felt rushed. After the surgery, things went exactly as he said it would. I highly recommend him. He's the only podiatrist I would ever use.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
56	-1	Very rude staff, Office canceled appointment and did not offer to reschedule. Long waits when on time for appointment's. Dr. Tan is very nice and a good doctor but staff needs work.  	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
57	1	Dr. Tamez and the whole staff are always wonderful.  My kids and I love them!  He always takes the time to answer my questions and concerns.  Appointments are normally very timely.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
57	1	. I changed my entire family over to him after our first visit 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
58	1	Dr. Theyerl truly listens and addresses any concern that I express. I greatly appreciate the time that she gives in an office visit. I did in a past year have some difficulty with scheduling appointments, but that seems to have improved in the most recent 2 years. As a female, I can say that she is very well informed on women's health issues. Her recommendations have benefited my health through changing eating habits. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Dr. Theyerl is the best doctor I have ever had.  She listens to every comment and doesn't rush.  She is not about how fast she can type/dictate while &quot;listening&quot;.  She is not afraid to research something in front of you, consult other physicians or refer you for tests.  She is thorough, thoughtful and most importantly respectful.  She is an advocate for your needs and will go the extra mile for you.  Dr. Theyerl diagnosed a rare condition and saved my life; literally, I would have died less than 24 hours later had she not recognized what was going on with me and admitted me to ICU.  I am lucky to have her as my doctor.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
58	1	Dr. Thereal always acts on issues I bring up to her right away, she doesn't make me wait. She is fast and helpful. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	I appreciate all the time Dr. Theyerl takes with me when I come into see her each year.  She was very helpful in setting up the cares I needed after the visit. Dr. Theyerl takes the time to listen to the problems, respects your judgement and I feel I can approach her about anything.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
58	1	Awesome doctor, Takes the time necessary to help me.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
58	-1	I scheduled a first time appointment 6 weeks in advance for my elderly mother with this doctor. I cannot comment on the services of the doctor as we never saw her. The office called 10 minutes before her 9AM appointment to inform us that we would be seeing a nurse practioner, not the doctor. We were already in the office, having arrived 20 minutes in advance as requested by office's new patient dictum. When I voiced objection to the switch, they quickly 180'd and said we would be seeing the doctor. Once inside the exam, the NP appeared and the doctor never did. We felt sandbagged. This is no way to treat a new patient. If you don't have time to see patients, then close your intake. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
58	-1	I contactet Dr. T when she first came to town, she seemed nice and said she'd treat my porphyria. The American Porphyria Foundation sent her information, and I wrote her to see if she would check me into the hospital-she never replied, I wrote her three times! Finally I had to have a hospital administrator intervene to get her to return my things.  Terrible, terrible experience and a complete waste of time, so rude,,,,,,, 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
58	1	After seeing 8 different health care providers, looking for an answer for my medical problems, I found Dr. K. She spent more time with me than many others combined. She listened to me, asked me great questions & ordered tests. She responds quickly & genuinely cares. My condition is rare & something she does not treat but referred me to a specialist. Even though she would not treat a patient for my condition she was still interested in any learning about it.  She is the most incredible, caring Dr I have ever seen 		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
59	1	I strongly disagree.  Sounds like you are the one with the problem and not her.  She is absolutely amazing and highly recommend her!!!!!  Her staff are the most caring welcoming people I have ever met.  They know you by name and treat you like family.  I wouldn't change clinics even if my insurance wouldn't allow me to go there!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	I started seeing Tran about a year ago for normal gyno procedures and started using her as my primary doctor. There was my first mistake. She diagnosed me with depression and put me on an SSRI Lexapro. I found out the hard way that Dr. Tran SHOULD NOT prescribing SSRI drugs. I would never send anyone i cared about to her for anything other than GYNO appointments. Because of her lack of knowledge about the drugs she had prescribed me my husband and I spent the first year of our marriage plagued with, at that time, unknown side effects. I complained of severe headaches, sexual side effects, electrical shock sensations and intense dizziness, Dr. Tran never connected the dots as to the fact that lexapro was causing all the issues instead she put me on more drugs when all the signs were clearly pointing to the fact that Lexapro was not working for me.  I want all of you to be aware and do your research before you listen to her! She isn't a psychiatrist and don't trust her to act as one! 	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
60	1	My daughter had a short hospitalization at the hospital, she left after one night. The staff was really friendly and helpful. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	This doctor has given gifts to child patients an act that is suspicious, unprofessional and dangerous especially to children who are victims of parental rejection syndrome. He is part of the problem rather then part of the solution. One should tread lightly. Any father struggling with divorce should keep his kids clear of this 'doctor'. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	I'm still in awwhh over seeing Glen Toth. Never in my lifetime have I looked a doctor straight in the eye and they tell me there going to find the cause of the illness and not throw a bag of sample medicine at me. This is just the beginning but...you know in that movie when the actress says:&quot;you had me at hello&quot; right before he he does the wedding proposal. Well....same here, doc had me when he said &quot;I'm going to find the cause&quot;.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
62	1	. I have been going to see Dr Toth for years and was very surprised to find one negative review for him at all! I would fly to see him if I lived far away! Not only do I get calls returned within the same day( same cannot be said of my Cardiologist!) but I am always treated w/ respect and kindness, NOT too common in Dr's ( I am a nurse, so I have seen a LOT!) He gets down to the actual cause of the condition even if it takes awhile~I am wholeheartedly pleased and love his new office~  he gets a 10 out of 10 from me  More Dr's could learn from him! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
62	1	I just had my first intital appointment with Dr. Toth and can honestly say that I have never had a doctor spend as much time as he did with me.  He asked a lot of questions and really listened.  I have a complex condition that will take some time to figure out and he was not arogant about admiting that.  I would recommend him to anyone that is frustrated with the conventional medical system and lack of attention and care.  Unfortunately, doctors such as he are rare and it takes quite awhile to get into see him, which speaks a lot of his capabilites as well.  I feel that if anyone is going to be able to help me figure out the cause of this, he will. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	Dr. Glenn Toth is a very rare MD in that he: (1) takes time and has the compassion, intelligence, humility, and humor, to work with me and my long, complex list of conditions; (2) treats patients as individuals and considers multiple factors, i.e. person, symptoms, circumstances, and unique environments; and (3) remains open-minded, keeps abreast of research and practice in various healing modalities, and has a keen understanding of naturopathic research and practice.   As an intelligent and analytic person, I take responsibility for my own life and do exhaustive research before making my own decisions regarding meds and procedures.  Whereas most cookie-cutter MDs are annoyed by such a patient, Dr. Toth is willing and able to work WITH me in exploring solutions that work for me.  After too many specialists, I feel blessed to have found Dr. Glenn Toth; he is worth the out-of-pocket expense, the three-hour commute, and 2-3 month wait time. --G.M., MSSW, CISW 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	I used to say I'd drive 1000 miles to see him...  Now I come close... I fly!  He's awesome with diagnosis and interest in his patients' total care.  He takes the time to really listen and work on each symptom to achieve optimal health for his patients. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	Intensely knowledgeable, very good with my complicated situation - Chronic Fatigue/Immune Dysfunction. Diagnosed and treated heavy metal poisoning, something none of the other dozens of doctors I've seen figured out. Very helpful. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	Wonderful doctor. Doesn't rush his patients. Truly listens. Always looking to find causes of symptoms. Calm, informative and very friendly. Great doctor for the whole family. Have been seeing him for six years. We love him.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	I love Dr. Toth! He is the most patient caring doctor I have ever met, and I have been to many. He spends alot of time with you and answers any questions asked. When you discuss issues with him he will be thinking about what you are saying and searching for answers as you speak. Getting an appointment can take weeks but he is worth the wait....Thank you Dr. Toth for being what all doctors should strive for. Keep up the good work and pleasent personality.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	dr toth is a gem.  i feel that he is very caring, kind, and knowledgable.  his goal is to find the root of the problem and turn it around.  he has helped me so much.  i now enjoy good health and am very happy.  his staff is so wonderful and very caring.  they have given me their whole hearted attention so that i felt that they truly were my friends.  this office is one in a million. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	Been going to Dr. Toth for years, because he is the MOST knowledgeable Dr. I have ever met. He genuinely cares for me as a patient and works toward getting the BEST results / lifestyle for me with my health conditions...allergies, asthma, other. I recommend him to friends of mine all the time, because he never lets a person down. He personifies professionalism, honesty & morality. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	dr toth very wonderful doc,after seeing many so call specailist and seeing my family doc. over 3 yrs peroid .dr toth was the only one that found real case to my high blood pressure.and his has called me back many times while at a meeting in other states.he also very informative.and take his time with you.not just 10.oo minutes and out door.i think god send me to me.and the office staff is great willing to answer question for you.also lab, billing nursing.i have work many in places.that were rude and none caring.they are very careing in office. sign debbie 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
62	1	Dr. Toth is wonderful! He is compassionate and knowledgeable. He spends a lot of time with his patients. He has always returned my phone calls. One time I paged him at 7 a.m. and he called at 7:15 a.m. I've referred friends to him and they were greatly helped after getting nowhere with the so-called &quot;experts.&quot; 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	Dr.Toth was very helpful. He was the first doctor to address the source not just symptoms. I had been on many prescriptions now on very few. He answered my questions and gave helpful advice.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
62	1	I disagree with the other reviewer completely. I searched for over 2 years for a doctor who would listen, and Dr Toth is the first I've met who actually HELPED me and treated my symptoms and not just my 'lab results'. He was extremely knowledgeable, extrememly compassionate, and extrememely approachable. I've been everywhere - to the so-called 'experts' at the Froedtert/Medical College who pretty much blew me off - talk about feeling rushed! Dr. Toth is smart, kind, and completely without pretense. I'd choose him any day. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	0	Dr. Toth is knowledgeable but lacks tact. His time is more precious than his patients. His staff can also be quite rude. When had a complaint, he wasn't particularly interested until I told him that I was considering taking by business somewhere else. Ultimately I did. He also charges to write letters, rarely answers emails and even more rarely returns phone calls. I'm glad that I switched.  		1	2	3 	Insurance:Humana
63	1	Dr. Thomas treated my husband, my son, and me.  He has the gift of being able to put together the correct combination of medications in order for the patient to have the best outcome. He saved our family.  After seeing Dr. Thomas, our lives completely changed for the better.  He always took as much time with us as we needed.  Many times he ran late, but I soon realized that he was helping someone who needed more time than was originally allotted.  I was one of those patients a few times after that.  The extra time helped me through some tough events in my life.  My family saw Dr. Thomas for over 13 years.  The only reason we stopped seeing him was because he relocated out of state. It was difficult to see him go. We will always be grateful for the care we received from Dr. Thomas.  We only wish he could have stayed here longer. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	I was a patient of Dr. Thomas for seven years.  There were many life events that occurred during this period and I don't think I would have made it through without him.  He was interested in what I had to say and I participated in my treatment.  The guidance he gave me was invaluable.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
63	-1	 	5	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	Very nice man. Was referred to him by a friend and have been with him since. Enjoy his staff, too.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
64	1	Have used Dr T for over 10 years. He's always patient, caring, knowledgeable and gives good advice. I recommend him highly to everyone. He also treats my wife and two sons. We have always had good experiences with Dr Tilleson. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	Dr. Tilleson is the greatest doctor I have every had the pleasure to visit. He purposely schedules time to &quot;just talk&quot; and truly wants to get to know you. He will take as much time as you want. He is very easy to talk too and will answer any questions you might have.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
64	1	Only met with Dr. Tillison once to see if we wanted to switch doctors.  He was very friendly, had plenty of time, very punctual and staff was also helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	During my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was an amazing success!Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	During my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was an amazing success!Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	During my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was a big help.Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	Pleasant staff. Very helpful. Ahead of schedule. Very knowledgeable and compassionate.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
65	-1	I was assured via phone that Dr. King possessed a deep and thorough knowledge of fibromyalgia. This presumed assumption of her ability in this area prompted my decision to drive two hrs. out of town from my home, after many failed attempts locally to find relief. She was very rude to both myself and my family during the course of my visit, and could only deliver more of the same failed care that I received in the past. Also, the rooms were very dirty and in dire need of repair. I noticed the lack of basic medical equipment usually found not only in a doctors office, but specifically in a specialty clinic. Other than the intake person at the front desk, who was pleasant, the other staff were unfriendly.  	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
66	1	Very professional and caring clinic.  You will like this clinic and Dr. Scheff. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Great office and dentist!  I felt very comfortable and feel the dentist truly cares about my health and needs. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	My daughter had scoliosis surgery back in 2007. It was a scary time for my family except my daughter that had the surgery. Did not seem to faze her a bit. I would credit this to Dr. Tassone and his entire staff. Top notch in every aspect.. If you have this unfortunate situation arise in your family I would highly reccomend Dr. Tassone.World Class 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	I was his first patient at the milluake childrens hospital eight years ago, if it wasn't for him fixing my spine, I don't know where i WOULD BE TODAY.  hE SAVED MY LIFE!!!!!!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
67	1	he is an excillent docter. i had scoliosis and i had to get surgery. he did it perfect. he visited me every day in the hospital. now my back is perfectly straight. if i had to chose a docter i would diffently chose hime. after my experience i want to become a scoliosis docter as well. i thank hime so much for all he has done.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Lumenos
67	1	He seemed to rushed, and more in a hurry to see all his patients some days then most. never is on time.  so be prepared to wait. very knowledgeable though.  	4	1	3	5 	Insurance:Humana
67	1	Dr. Tassone has been our daughter's doctor since birth - she was born with clubfoot and Dr. Tassone handled the casting and a corrective surgery brilliantly.  Can't recommend him highly enough - explains things clearly, has the patience of Job, and as other commenters have mentioned, he helps you feel confident and hopeful.  This is what all doctors should be like.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
67	1	Dr. Tassone is a remarkable doctor and person. He has amazing bedside manner with both his patient and parent(s).  Obviously a bright man and a top notch doctor we were lucky to find him!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
67	1	Dr. Tassone gave my daughter the best care. She had to have a salter osteotomy and spica cast. when in surgury he made sure that we were updated on her condition. It helped a lot when waiting and not being with my baby. I knew that she was in great hands. He was easy to reach at night when we were in the hospital. He was the first person to see her in the morning to release her to go home. I would highly recommend him to any one. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	Regarding a scoliosis eval. visit when Dr. Tassone was at Scottish Rite in Dallas... Not only was Dr Tassone oobviously knowledgeable about his field, he was able to accurately put into nonmedical terms the things our child was facing. He was cordial and polite, not rushed even though he was quite scheduled that day, and he had an easy-going, disarming way with our little girl who was a bit scared. The best thing is that he was joyful and optimistic - that's contagious, it fosters hope, and when combined with his obvious expertise, makes for a very rare and very valuable man in medicine. My only regret (and it's a selfish one), is that Dr. Tassone moved out of the area, but those who have access to him in Wisconsin will be greatly served and greatly blessed. No question - his services are worth whatever it takes to procure them.  - Michael Russo 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	Dr. Tassone is excellent with childhood fractures. If he doesn't know the answer (which is rarely), he will direct you to others in the hospital who know, and will follow your case all the way through, even if it leaves orthopedics (like in the case of an infection). He is a very friendly doctor, and can relate with kids- a great doctor overall. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Dr. Terlizzi is the best ob/gyn I have ever seen! He is very nice and never makes me feel rushed. He thoroughly answers all my questions and lets me know that he is always available if needed. Highly recommended.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
68	1	he is a wonderful doctor! he will spend as much time with you as you need and answer all of your questions.  i would not go anywhere else! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
68	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Terlizzi for 15+ years and have only good things to say about him and his staff.  He performed major surgery on my five years ago and I have had no complications.  He always listens to me during appointments and lets me know that he is available whenever I need him.  He is great and I highly recommend his professional services.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
68	1	I absolutely love Dr. Terlizzi.  I turned 18 in 2008 and have been seeing him ever since.  He is both extremely knowledgeable in his field and takes the time to make sure I understand everything.  I disagree with the other commenter about feeling like a number--he has several patients and occasionally is running behind schedule or seems in a rush, but I always feel like he makes sure I get all of my questions answered and he takes the time to talk to me and see where I'm at in my life.  He is personable as well as professional, and tells me after every appointment he is always available by telephone or e-mail should I need to speak with him.  When the time comes for me to start a family, I will definitely continue to see him. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	I think Dr. Terlizzi is a wonderful doctor. He spends a lot of time with me and is extremely patient. I am on my 3rd pregnancy after 2 miscarriages and he has been infinitely patient, even offering to me that I could come in everyday to hear the beartbeat if it would make me feel beter. The nurses are wonderful and he truly seems to care about what I'm going through.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
68	1	The man is the perfect ob/gyn. At least the best one I have seen. He spent nearly 20 min in his office (after the room exam) explaining my condition to me. The secretaries are overwhelmed (or at least when I was there) there was a lot of problems and long waits at the front desk. 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	-1	This doctor is very knowledgable, but he treats you like anumber and spends very little time with you. IT is like he has his hand on the doorknob the whole time you are talking. He missed several signs of problems I was having dutring my second pregnancy, and one and a half years later, I am dealing with severe physical and emotional trauma.  He is a very nice person, but he does not try to get to know you as a person and as a unique patient with unique problems.  	3	5	2	2 	Insurance:Humana
69	1	Dr. Thousand has been extremely helpful and compassionate in helping me cope with my infertility issues. She has scheduled me in for last minute appointments/tests, has listened to my concerns and responded, and has a wonderful staff who actually return calls in a timely fashion! I would recommend her to anyone who needs someone who actually listens! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	-1	Dr. Tick believes in Homeopathic remedies. That alone should be enough for anyone looking for a new doctor to avoid him. Save your time and money and seek medical help elsewhere. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	He is an excellent physician. Extremely knowledgeable, and he cares about his patients. He spends the time that is needed with you. I would highly recommend him. Our family has been seeing him for over 11 years now.  The best of the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Assurant
70	1	My whole family is very pleased. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	-1	Terrible doctor.  He messed up my feet so bad.  I had surgery to prevent bunions in the future, and twenty years later went to a board certified podiatrist who said he's never seen a doctor mess up someone's feet so badly.  He also operated on a friend's wrong knee.  Why this man is still in practice makes no sense to me. 	3	3	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	She is so great with the kids.  She is professional yet fun, so the kids actually enjoy going to the doctor.  She was my children's doc until we had to move last year.   WE MISS HER! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	Dr. Thomas is wonderful....she definitely knows and genuinely cares for each of her patients! If there is a specific problem, she will take all the time to help explain the issue and its treatments.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Dr. Thurman is wonderful.  I would recommend him to everyone.  His nurses Tanya is the greatest. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Dr. Thurman is a wonderful doctor as well as a wonderful man.  The only problem is that the secret about how great he is is out and it can be difficult to get in to see him, but he will make every attempt to fit you in...We love him!! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	Dr Tobin is tops.  He listens and asks the right questions and is very knowledgeable, He will make recommendations but never pressures you to follow them A+ 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
74	1	Dr Tobin Is a great physician. He takes the time to explain to his patient what is going on. He is very concerned about each of his patients. Excellent bedside manners. He's always running a bit behind; however, you dont feel as though your are on an assembly line when you go to see him. Thanks Dr Tobin, you are the BEST!!! 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	-1	My daughter has been a patient of Dr. Tahir's since she was born in 2010. Called this morning because she was running a fever of 101.0 and said that both of her ears hurt her. The office got us in at 11 am. We arrived and waited 25 mins for the dr to come in and when he did he refused care to my daughter because &quot;your coats smell like cigarettes&quot; is what he told us. He REFUSED service for a sick child because her parent's coats smelled (not her because we do not smoke around her... we do know what damage 2nd hand smoke causes and will not do that to her). We then had to take her to the ER seeing as how she needed care ASAP. The staff at the ER was shocked beyond all belief at what he did to our child. She was diagnosed with a bilateral ear infection.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
75	0	He is nice as a person, but I have a couple of problems with him. Medicially, he is not agressive enough. Last year I had to take my child to his office 3 times within two weeks. And then to the hospital, because the medicine he gave did not fight my child's infection. My other daughter has had a speech delay and he said to wait a few monthes and see if it improves. It did not, and my daughter lost the chance to become part of the 0-3 program the state sponcers. He runs his own office, and although he tries, his policies are not helpful ( only 3 well CHECK UPS A DAY PER A HOUSEHOLD. I have a large household and that makes me have to travel more. Also, he is the only physician in his practice, and a few times IO have called his staff said to call back in four days. That didn't help my 2 year old who was having a fever. Nice person, but I care about my kids and I want them to get a doctor who is better... Would not recommend based on my experiences with him. 	3	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	Great doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	Great work by a true professional.  Seems Dr. Lee is semi-retired, and teaching and raising a family up in Lake Geneva now. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Best Chiropractor in WISCONSIN! Staff is friendly and very helpful. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	Dr Taxman is outstanding in everyway.  My ONLY 'complaint' would be he is not always easy to get into BUT, when you are that great a doc and there are so many clammoring to get in to see you, what else would you expect.  He bends over backwards to address emergencies.  His care and concern is GENUINE and real, not contrived or artifical like I have experienced at other offices.  He is a gifted physcian and would encourage anyone in need of his services to be patient in getting an appointmenet, I promise it is worth it. 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	-1	Dr. Thurlow cut the nerves in the side of my face as a way to treat migraines and as a result he paralized my face.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
80	-1	This dr perferated my intestine during a sigmoid resection. Refused to see me or treat me for 10 days even though I had a fever, extreme swelling, and diagnosis of sepsis. He then damaged the nerves to my spine during the second operation after he returned from his hunting trip. He also ordered xrays with iodine knowing full well I was allergic to iodine. It is a miracle that I am alive and it took two more surgeries at UW to put me back together. He was always arrogant and never talked to me about the extent of my injuries. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	Timely service, excellent bedside manner. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	She takes time to listen to your concerns, very helpful.  	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Assurant
82	1	Dr. Tesch is an awesome doctor.  She not only takes care of your physical needs, but your emotional ones as well.  She's very knowledgeable.  You never feel rushed as she spends the time you need.   You may wait a bit in the waiting room, but that's why and it's well worth it! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
83	1	Very kind and caring. Good with patients. Easy to talk to. Very knowledgeable regarding ECT.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	I only saw him twice because of limitations on my insurance, but he was excellent. Insightful and to the point and yet caring and respectful. The one sticking point was that he assumed I was straight, so I didn't go back. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	He is the best He saved my sister's life She had a tumor on her pituitary and her was able to remove it without damaging her sense of smell or sight. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	0	Thapar cancelled my major surgery one week prior to surgery after 8 weeks preparation,costing me thousands of dollars in lost employment. He appeared to misrepresent information both in writing and in speaking to me and to his supervisor regarding paperwork, sequence of events, preparation, responsibilities, requests, and referrals from my primary care physician. His schedule is so heavily booked that I was forced to wait four months to have a surgery scheduled only to have him cancel it inexplicably at the last minute. His technical expertise in neurosurgery is highly respected, but his personal motivations have been questioned in the local paper (Eau Claire Leader-Telegram), which reported his desire to leave the hospital, and a Wyoming hospital, which recently announced his pending arrival. His precipitous cancellation of my surgery coincided with those events, but a coincidence doesn't constitute a cause-effect relationship. 	4	2	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	I have been to numerous neurosurgeons in 42 years. Kamal Thapar stands out as one of the best, most caring NS's that has treated me. He's without question, one of the most helpful, and brilliant people I've seen. I would gladly recommend him to any person or family seeking a brilliant neurosurgeon. Don't overlook this man.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
85	1	Years ago he treated my mom in Toronto, when all specialists had given up. He is a very brilliant doctor and a wonderful human being. He was not afraid of taking a case that was rejected by all the specialists. He had the patience to listen and explain through MRI's, all the details. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	Dr. Thapar and Jolene are the best medical experts that I have seen. I just not explain everything that I feel about these people and their staff. Since my surgery I have ran into people that had Dr. Thapar and staff for surgery and everyone says the same things. Not one negative comment about anyone of them. He performed my surgery and was very upfront and honest about what he was going to do and thats exactly what was done. Very honest about prognosis also. I have been recommending Dr. Thapar and staff to many people if they are in need of a local neurosurgeon. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	What can I say to describe Dr. Thapar besides...brilliant, caring, thoughtful, amazing, thorough, sincere...If I had to, I would do it all again if I knew he would be my surgeon, no hesitations! This man is remarkable, not just as a surgeon, but as a human being! He changed my life and everyday I am thankful for him! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	This man is incredible - kind and brilliant, but not afraid to admit if he doesn't know something. He took care of my Mom and was probably the best listener and most compassionate clinician that she's ever seen over many years. Everyone that I know who has had surgery with him has amazing respect and love for him.  His credentials are amazing and he's even a real human being! You won't often see all this in a neurosurgeon :) 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
86	1	I have been seeing Dr. Temp for a few years now. I could not ask for a more caring, intelligent, thourough doctor. I have seen many OB GYN's in the area over the last 10 years...and none of them compare to the level of care I receive when I see Dr. Temp. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	Dr Temp was my doctor during my pregnancy.  I thought her and her nurse Jen were very nice and treated my well. Dr. Temp is more quiet, but always answered the questions that I had and took very good care of me. At the hospital she was there to break my water and spent a lot of time after our daughters birth to make sure her and I were okay. I would highly recommend her.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
86	1	I'm currently 34 weeks pregnant and have been seeing Dr. Temp for over 3 years and I love her! She is a wonderful MD and knows her stuff. She never makes me feel stupid with any questions I have and also I was very sick for almost 20 weeks in my pregnancy and also had gallbladder problems. She came to see me in the hospital concerned for me and explained everything thoroughly! I would recommend her to anyone who is pregnant. Also I have had 4 friends go to her and they liked her as well. She is nice, caring and knowledgeable! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	-1	Very bad doctor. I had questions about my pregnancy and she treated my like I was stupid, when in fact they were valid, informed questions. She seems like a miserable person. I would not recommend her to anyone. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
86	-1	She was rude and condesending to me and to my husband before my surgery. She spoke over my head and was irritated when I asked to explain the medical jargon she was using. After surgery, she talked down to my husband and spent only 5 seconds with him and didn't give him any helpful information about what happened in surgery, and told him I would find out my options at my post-op. At my post-op she said I didn't have any options to fix the problem. Her bedside manner is horrific and I cried after talking with her. I can't believe she can practice medicine the way she does. I will never go back. I wish I would have seen this website before seeing her.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
86	-1	Dr. Temp is a terrible doctor! She does not listen to what you have to say. She ignores complaints about pain and makes you feel as though are a baby and a complainer. However, my pain turned out to be a serious urinary tract infection that could have led to premature labor. She made me feel selfish. Everytime I told her about my pain, she would say that it was normal with every pregnancy. The only way I could see someone liking her is if they have a perfect pregnancy with no problems. Both Dr. Temp and her nurse seem annoyed if you have any questions or complaints. Find a different doctor! 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
86	-1	Dr Temp is a horrible doctor.  She misdiagnosed me and put me through unnecessary surgery not once but twice.  Because of her negligence I eventually had to have an emergency hysterectomy.  She treated me like I was an addict when I told her the pain medicine she gave me didnt work.  I had severe bleeding, cramping and also a ruptured disc in my back that she ignored.  She is rude, impatient and condescending.  Her staff, especially her main nurse Jen, are horrible.  Anyone who values their health should stay far away from Dr Temp and her partners at Women's Specialty.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
87	-1	DR Thai was both rude and uncaring when I saw her. She yelled at me to stop talking when asked me to explain my symptoms. She was very condescending and acted annoyed when I asked her questions about the issues I was having. She left me waiting for about 30 min while helping other patients and not explaining why I had to wait. I had to get another nurse flagged down to go find her to come back. She is by far the rudest Dr. I have ever had. I would not see her again if my life depended on it. Had the same experience when she saw my son. She has zero bedside manner with people of any age. My son was just an infant when we saw her and she was cold to us both then as well.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
88	1	The doctor is ok the receptionist is a B7tch.  My wife has been seeing this doctor now for over 3 years, she went in on a scheduled appointment day and was told she wouldn't be seen that day and should not have come in.  WHAT, really, I was there with her that day and I simply asked why.  Olivia (receptionists name) told me to stop being belligerent or should would call the cops.  I only asked why she was told to come in then told to leave when we got there.  Dumb founded, but not blaming the doc on this one.  Maybe she had an off day, dont know.  Anyway, the doctor is basically a pill peddler and the patients are there for one thing.  It is in the core of Milwaukee, in a poor neighborhood (as are most of the pain clinics in the Milwaukee area). While leaving the clinic expect to be approached by every crack head in the perimeter. But because of my wife's medical condition she does just require pain medicine and this doc is easy to get along with.  	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
88	1	Very knowledgeable and caring. He answers all of my questions perfectly.  Couldn't ask for more.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
88	-1	. he need to do more exams and less pain medicine 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
88	1	Overall Dr. Tamayo is one of the best doctors Ive seen. He has a great style and even though he sees a great number of patients, one after another, he does take the time to listen to you and treat you like a human being. Many doctors that handle pain are not as kind as Primo is. I give him an 8 out of 10 overall rating. (I never give a 10 and RARELY a 9, so this is very good) 		5	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
89	-1	She insisted I was depressed because that's what the file said.  The depression entry was made 20 years ago shortly after my son died.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
89	-1	Don't even bother going to her.  She isn't very helpful and seems to think all problems are related to Fibromyalgia, but won't give you that diagnosis.  I saw her about 3 times and left her office with no guidance or help on what to do next.  I really love her nurse though....she actually helped me way more than the doctor did!  Honestly, I wish the nurse was the doctor instead! 	5	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	Unlike others, I went to doctor Tann for Chronic back pain that wasn't resolved for years. He was the only doctor to filly explore the issue and give meaningful advice and proper medication. He is a tough doctor, as he won't just medicate, and will do alternate treatments, so I can see how some people are turned off. However, I was open to other treatments and felt he did great. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	-1	He also didn't want another MRI. Said my pain was a mental issue and wanted me to do accupuncture as to which he could perform but the cost was expensive. He also said I need to take a seditive every night for the rest of my life.  Made me feel like pondskum and I wasn't fully functioning person. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
90	-1	This says his specialty is Phychiatry.  I was sent to him as a Pain Specialist for pain and numbness.  I wasted 3 months with him and finally got a referral to someone that would do something.  Dr. Tan would not do an MRI because he could &quot;picture&quot; what my film would look like.  Well, Dr. Tan, did that &quot;picture&quot; of my MRI include 3 bulged discs&#63;  One of which is bulged through and resting on the nerve in my back&#63;  Currently receiving Epidural Steroid injections from someone who made it a point to find the cause.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:HealthPartners
90	-1	I always felt unwelcome &amp; like I was being interrigated. His nurse &quot;Corky&quot; is the most uncurtious &amp; unprofessional nurse I have ever encountered. She was always condescending &amp; rude. She verbaly said private details about my care in front of other patients. He has limited english abilitys. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	I think she's a really great doctor. 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	Dr. Tecarro is very friendly, efficient, and knowledgable. I like her very much and trust her with my care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	Best doctor I ever had.  Takes her time, reviews info carefully.  Suggests a variety of solutions.  Calls during her personal time, and knows her patients well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	1	My last annual was scheduled with Marcia.  I was nervous about seeing a new doctor due to insurance switch.  Was I ever glad... from the moment Marcia walked into the room she made me feel very comfortable.  She didn't rush at all through the appointment.  I felt totally open to tell her anything.  I would recommend her to anyone.  I will no longer look at my annuals as a negative thing.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
93	1	Marcia delieverd my first child. It was an awesome experience. Marcia was there shortly after I went into the hospital and stayed after the delivery to make sure my baby was latching on correctly, even though it was her day off. She never rushed appointments. Asked questions to get to know our family and shared about hers. I wanted no medication and she helped me with strategies to achieve that goal.  Marcia really listened to what I wanted for my birth and gave excellent advice. It was great to have the option of having a midwife in a hospital setting. Marcia's partner at the hospital was also very good - Marta is her name. I had Marta for a handfull of appointments. We are so sad that our insurance has changed and she will not be able to deliver our second child. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	She delivered my first child. She really took time during the whole delivery to be there with us and explain things. And after the baby had arrived she checked in often to see how we were all adjusting. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	Great midwife!  I highly recommend the St. Mary's midwives, they take so much time not only to get to know you medically but to get to know you personally as well. I'm very glad I switched from an ob/gyn to midwifery care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	Like the previous poster I was having a hard time finding a doctor who genuinely seemed like they cared and weren't just trying to rush me out the door. The two visits I have had so far with Dr. Thomason have shown her to be a great care provider. All of my concerns were addressed, there was prompt reply with emailed questions,  and it was all done in a caring manner. Definitely would recommend to friends and family! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	Dr. Thomason is the most caring doctor I have ever come across. It took me several visits over the years with several doctors before I found her and now she is my primary care provider. She makes you feel comfortable and really listens and doesn't rush you out the door. She genuinely cares about your comfort. I am so glad I found her.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Providence
95	-1	He tried to force me to use some eye drops that were burning my eyes. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	Dr was very knowledgable and happy.she did great work and was fast and accurate. the hygienists were very friendly and did a nice job! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
97	0	Dr. Trautman discussed with me that he helped improve a man's hearing with chiropractic. He is very alternative style. Him and the staff wanted to set up an entire plan where I paid all deductible and hit my max appt.s for the entire year within a few months. They DID NOT want to go appointment by appointment to see how I was doing and go from there. MONEY HUNGRY. Dr. Trautman wanted to discuss treatment for multiple appointments, instead of starting the treatment= more money for him. Most of the staff were extremely friendly though. 	3	5	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	Dr. Droutman and his staff are very knowedgable.  You can ask whatever you want and not feel dumb about asking.  They have the answers to most everything.  This is a wonderful team...from the doctor to the manual therapists, to the appointment scheduler/admin assistant in the front office.  I highly recommend this office. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	Outstanding staff. Strongly recommend. Dr. Trautman is a listener with great communication skills. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	-1	 	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	Dr. Tamburrino is great.  She is extremely easy to talk to and very knowledgable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	Dr. Tamburrino is a very kind, caring doctor. She will listen to you and you never feel she is in a hurry to get to the next patient. She always tells you what she is about to do next during your exam, which to me is very comforting. I was very impressed the first time I saw her, as she was taking over for another doctor who was no longer at the office I go to and  she had taken the time to read my file before seeing me. I did not have to go over my medical history for her. I recommended her to my sister and she likes her too.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
99	1	I wouldn't want to go to any other gynecologist. She's so easy to talk to and makes you feel completely comfortable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	Dr.Tamburrino is a GREAT doctor. Answers all your questions and is very knowledgeable,highly recommend! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	Dr. Tamburrino is a very caring and dedicated doctor. She listens to you and you feel at ease with her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
99	1	Dr. Amy Tamburrino is amazing. She spends time with patients, answers questions and really allows the patient to structure their own care. She is gentle and kind, yet energetic and helpful. I will be delivering all of my babies with her. She is a fantastic choice for a doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
100	-1	A VERY THOUGHTLESS AND UNCARING DOCTOR. 	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
