dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	 I wish all doctors were like him. He treated me well and my problem is gone.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
1	1	commentsExplained things well, seemed to know what he was talking about and helped my problem. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	commentswas knowlegeable, explained things, was on time and helped a lot. Paid/Co-pay:$59	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	commentsone of the best doctors around 		5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	commentshe would rather keep married people together rather than  apart now that he, the husband, and/or the wife should know better; maybe it's a Catholic thing on his part 	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	 Dr Kaldas is amazing.  He has been with me through two high risk pregancies and I have always felt comfortable and at ease.  He definitely puts the patient first and never rushes us out of the office.  I feel so fortunate to have found him at my OB.   Thank you!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
13	1	 Can't say enough good, this guy is amazing, talented, extremely competent, and VERY kind.  Thank you, Dr Kaldas! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
13	1	commentsExcellent doctor!  I have neeeded to have several surgeries and Dr. Kaldas has given me excellent care - I trust him for the best care! 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	 WONDERFUL!!! I was recomended him with my first pregnancy and i am so happy i went with that recomendation. I will stay with him for all of my yearly appointments and use him with my next pregnancy.  i cannot say enough good things about him!!!! A++ 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
13	1	 I went to Dr Kaldas and had a etopic pregnany that ruptrued and he was very helpful..He helped me alot with my pcos and endro.Now that my ins changed I can't go to him any more.The OB I have now isn't as good or helpful as he was. I have had numerous surgies and repairs on my uterus and the pain I have is terrible. I feel if I was still with him things would be much better.. I miss him.. He is the best OB in the area. I would highly refer any female to him..  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
13	1	commentsI have been going to Dr. Kaldas for seven years. Because of him I lead a pain free life thanks to a hysterectomy and lasering of all endometriosis. Best Doc around. Great with Thyroid problems too. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	commentsgreat knowledge base, wonderful bedside manner! Great listener and calming demeaner. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	commentsI have been through two high risk pregnancies with Dr. Kaldas, laser surgery, and many other issues requiring follow up visits/procedures. He is the best! I trust him with my health without a doubt. He takes his time and exudes confidence with all of his decisions and diagnosis. An all around fantastic individual. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	commentsI have been old by two other doctors that Dr. Kaldas is &quot;brilliant&quot;. I have been going to him for the past 4 years and had two high risk pregnancies. He is very intelligent and genuinely concerned for his patients. He takes his job very seriously and listens to your concerns. I completely trust the decisions he makes. We are luck to have him here in this area. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	commentsDr. Kaehler was great.  She was an excellent listener, and when she did weigh in, it was obvious she knew what she was talking about.  Though, I must say, for the record, that Dr. Kaehler passed away some time ago. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	commentsTremendously helpful and attentive to details concerning specific issues raised. Great listener and always willing to consider alternate views. Very professional. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	commentsDid not listen when we questioned a reaction to meds. Upped the dosage twice after we were concerned. Ended up in hospital. Didn't answer phone message during this time. 		3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	 Attentive, helpful, and suggests more than just medication to allievate mental issues/problems. Very kind and empathetic as well. Very professional.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Humana
19	1	commentsI saw Dr. K for about a year to help battle a lifelong eating disorder and was soooooo sad when I moved because I couldn't see her any more, and if I could have, would have flown back weekly to continue sessions with her.  Best therapist I EVER had.  We did actual therapy, not just counseling or talk like all my previous therapists did.  Cool office, too! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
21	0	commentsHe wasn't very knowledgeable as he prescribed me 2 meds (one pain, one muscle relaxant) that should never be taken together. He also refused to give me a sufficient pain medication. 	5	5	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	 Dr. Kamsler really is a get to know the whole family type of Doctor. He Makes the kids feel at ease which makes the parents feel at ease. He has a lot of specialists he can choose from if specialty help is needed. He Goes that extra step for his patient. You're the Best DR.  MARK 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Humana
24	1	commentsDr Kamsler is a gift to SE Wisconsin.America's health care is controlled by bureaucracy. Insurance has ruined America's sense of wellness.Most doctors are not in the position to make a decision for their patient that isn't directed by ACOG.The powers that control our health care decisions often do not have our best interest in mind.My husband and I are expecting our 6th child. It is an honor to have Dr Kamsler involved in the health care of our children.He has a rare ability to respect and educate parents that desire to think away from the mainstream.He has fantastic tools to offer holistically minded families.MOST importantly he is knowledgeable and skilled in respects to any teachings held by any Academy.Although we rarely see Dr Kamsler because of our unvaccinated children’s extraordinary good health we are looking forward to having him as part of our baby’s birth in 2008.His presence as our daughter’s complicated birth was nothing short of a Godsend. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	commentsMy children have been going to him for 7 years and he is by far the best doctor I have ever been too. He is compassionate, easy to talk to, never talks down at you. My children love going to him. He is extremely knowledgeable. I love that he is not part of a huge corporation and does not have to abide by a ton of corporate rules. He has helped me in so many situations. My daughter had apendicitis and another doctor told me she had the flu 3 times. I went to Dr.Kamsler and he knew what she had right away. he sent me to Childrens, called ahead and it turned out she had a ruptured apendix. He really know what he is doing and is extemely inteligent both in conventinal and natural medicine. He knows when to prescribe a needed medication and then he knows when a nutual product will do the trick. My daughter had a virus when she was 18 months old and she could not keep food down, she was at the point of hospitalization, I purchased some homeopathic pelets and they did the trick. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	commentsKind, Compassionate and extremely knowledgeable about both traditional and natural medicines. My son actually LOVES going to the doctor's office! He is amazing and we feel so fortunate. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	commentsDoes not follow recommendations of The American Academy of Pediatrics. 		1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	commentsStaff unorganized.  Called in prescriptions (for other patient) from front desk area and I heard the meds ordered as well as the name of the patient (i.e. spelling of name, etc.)  Dr. Kadile did not listen to what I had to say upon my third visit and &quot;severed our relationship&quot;.  No compassion whatsoever!  I consider my whole experience to have been costly, disappointing and unprofessional to say the least. 	3	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	commentsI met Dr. Kadile to have him assist me in a life extension plan.  He asked me if I had kids and I said &quot;no&quot;.  He asked me if it was it was by choice (which was none of his business) and I said &quot;yes&quot;.  He got all tensed up, shaking and red-faced...I could tell he was really mad, but didn't say a word.  He went on with the general question and a few minutes later he did calm down got all preachy about why I should have children.  That just spoiled everything for me.  I couldn't go back.  He lost thousands of my future dollars. Paid/Co-pay:$100	4	3	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	commentsDr. Kadile was the only Dr. who took the time to help me lose weight with out any surgery, or diet.  My quality of life changed because of him.  I wish I would have came to him sooner 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	commentsThis doctor will diagnose and treat thyroid disorders and allergies with a great deal of thoroughness and knowledge. He is a great doctor. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	commentsMy familiy went to Dr. Kadile many years ago, he was very helpful and kind. He went out of his way to research things and spent a great deal of time with us. We wish we lived closer to him, he was and is a very good doctor. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	commentsAn excellent dentist, but this office charges Beverly Hills prices in Middleton, Wisconsin. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	commentsMy 3 yrs old son has seen Dr.Chris 3 times and loves him. We drive from MN to see him and it has been great. He takes his time and never rushes my child. He is respectful and extremely nice. He has never tried to sell anything extra to us and the treatment we arte doing can only be found in one other place in the country. With all that the most I have spent there was about $ 300. The treatment was not covered by insurance since we did not have it for our son. That included inicial exam, cleaning ( wich Dr. Chis performed himself), ozone ( healozone) treatment in 4 teeth, and a remineralizing kit purchased. I think that waas a fair price. His assistant Carriee was also wonderful.We recomend him. 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	commentsBeware of this dentist as their Center oversells dental work. They tell you you have a cavity when you might have a tiny speck on one tooth that they say might become a cavity. Overcharged us $2000 using this sales approach. 		3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	 Very smart guy. Addressed all issues that I had with factual information.  	5	5	4	5	Insurance:CIGNA
35	-1	comments 	3	4	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	commentsI am a male, 59 years old.  I Would not recommend this guy to anyone! asked me questions, but gave me no time to think about what he asked.  If I did not answer promptly he moved on to the next question, more than once cut me off in my conversation.  But it is when he said to me, &quot;I am trying to make you understand&quot; and its the patients that get called  &quot;anxious&quot;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;    He went to school to be the doctor not me, yes patients have questions!  Talked about a procedure he indicated it was not necessary, when I agreed and said ok, he then said he would note in my chart I refused the test at this time&#63;  Another young cocky doctor, don't waste your time on this guy, he's rude and quite conceded. 	5	5	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	.   	1	5	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
43	0	commentsDr. Daniel Kaiser is really not a Family Care Provider. He would be a better Urgent Care doctor or ER doctor-get in, diagnose, and treat, and then on to next room so he does not have to see the same patient ever again. He does not take care of nor is he informed of, nor does he read his messages, nor does he call his patients back. He makes diagnosis from second, third hand informaton including his answering service. He has the answering service receptioists call the patient as to what he says. We all know that no one remembers exactly what the patient says when you get transferred from receptionist to nurse to nurse and by the time it reaches the doc it is not even what patient called about or it is all twisted around because people could not remember what patient said especially the most important points as to why patient called in first place. If doc Kaiser would call his patients back and get the whole story from patient their would be less medical mistakes on his part. 	2	5	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	 Dr. Kagen was very knowledgeable.  He's one of the top doctors in his speciality.  He's very personable and easy to talk with.   He help my family and I tremendously! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	commentsDr. Tom Kalinosky is by far the most caring doctor I've had the opportunity to meet.  He truly cares about each &amp; every patient that comes into his office. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	commentsOur wait time for a scheduled appointment was 2 hrs and 15 minutes.  Asked receptionist if this was typical and she said, &quot;Yes.&quot;  I won't ever return to see him. 	2	1	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
75	-1	commentsTerrible doctor. He did not help me with my condition (thinning hair as a young woman) and he was also incredibly rude. I would not recommend this doctor to anyone. 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
78	-1	 Horrible customer service - it has taken weeks and weeks to get my glasses, tons of wasted trips and they can not seem to get an order right. They forget to give you the discount for using them bsased on your insurance and it takes weeks to get your money back for their error. They do not take accountability for their errors and pass the blame off to anyone they can. I can not express enough how poor the customer service is. Avoid this place like the plaugue.  	1	1	1	2	Insurance:CIGNA
78	1	commentsVery detail oriented, knowledeable and helpful.  Staff is polite and helpful as well.  Highly recommend. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	commentsawesome dr!!! very helpful and kind. i highly recommend him. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	 Very very good MD. I have been working with Dr. Kamelle for 4 years now.  He has a good bed side manner, and really cares about his patients.  I am very pleased of the care that I am receiving with Dr. Kamelle.  I would reccomend him to anyone that is in need of a Gynecological Oncologist.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
80	1	commentsDr. Kamelle is confident,optimistic and highly skilled  in his profession. He listens compassionately to patients concerns and offers multiple options for treatment. If surgery is your treatment option,you can be certain he will do a fantastic job. All around wonderful Doctor. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	commentsI have full confidence in this doctor.  He is kind, caring and invests himself in his patient's wellbeing. 	5	4	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	commentsTotally agree with other review of this doctor. Saw her once and never went back, but was at her mercy again some years later when my regular doctor asked for her opinion concerning a problem my then 20-day old infant was suffering. Not only was her advice terrible, but she then proceeded to completely ignore me, treating me as nothing more than a fly on the wall instead of a HUMAN BEING. Never, never again will I go anywhere near this doctor. 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	 Will not see this doctor ever again. She is cold, unfriendly, and makes me feel completely ill-at-ease in her office. Her clinical skills also need some brushing up.  	4	4	2	2	Insurance:Humana
89	1	commentsAwesome doctor very caring. He is very nice and good with patients. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
89	-1	 Entirely unhelpful. He has a horrible demeanor and will not consider his patients best interest (maybe due to his own gigantic ego and desperate need for power). He is one of the absolutely worst human beings I have ever come across in my entire lifetime. Unless you want to be spoken to with complete condescension and receive inadequate care then avoid this &quot;pseudo&quot; doctor (not a real MD) at all costs.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:CIGNA
89	1	 I have been seeing DR Kaiser for over 10 years now. He is very concerned and knows how to explain medical things in terms that we can understand. I have NEVER seen the dog collar aid that was spoken of. His Nurse, Karen is the Best. Judy in the Reception center is one of the nicest most efficient and knowing people you will ever want to meet. perhaps the more casual atmosphere at the clinic was misinterprited as uncaring. But I tell you, you will never find a more caring and giving Doctor. EVER. He does not push pills, He does not push procedures. He referes his patients to specialists if he feels we need one.  I have never been sorry that he is my doctor!  ~Toni 	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
89	-1	 Run from this Doctor!  He actually swears while explaining things. His staff ugh... you will wait a good half and hour in the waiting room and then another 10 for him in the patient room.  One of the  nurse assistants was wearing a spiked dog collar and a nose ring!! A Surreal Nightmarish Doctor Visit for sure....  	1	2	1	3	Insurance:Aetna
89	1	commentsVery Punctual. Willing to take take time to talk to patients and get to know his patients. Paid/Co-pay:$260	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	 Very wonderful experience here from the office staff to the hearing technincian(I do not know her name). The hearing technician was very sweet and calming. I did not actually work with Dr. Kandula this time, but worked with Ashley Hertel and she was very professional, knowledgeable, and made me feel very comfortable. I would highly recommend these professionals to anyone looking for an EN&T. ; Thank you for a wonderful experience! I hope you get to read this!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
91	1	 The doctor was on time for my appointment.  This is huge because I have to take the time from work to make appointments during the day.    Thanks to everyone -- they execute perfectly, and are extremely pleasant to work with.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Humana
91	1	 Dr. Kandula and his staff were excellent and attentive.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
91	1	 Dr. Kandula is very personable and caring.  He has helped every member of my family through various ENT issues.  From medicines to surgery, he is up to speed with the latest and greatest.  His staff is awesome as well.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Humana
91	1	 I would say Dr. Kandula is the best ENT I have ever been to. My experience was wonderful! He knows what he is doing.  Prompt and efficient! Very satisfied! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
91	1	 Dr. Kandula is simply THE BEST.  He has the ultimate combination of compassion and expert hands.  If you have ENT problems, look no further.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	-1	commentsThis physician may be a good doctor, but he does not listen to the patient.  The office staff leaves a lot to b desired.  I rate this doctor and office staff at poor. 	2	1	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
