dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
4	-1	commentsDr. Eskam delivered my second child and was the worst Dr. I have ever had. Even 20 years after the fact and many other Doctors visits, she is by far the worst I ever experienced. She actually showed up to deliver my baby in black leather pants! Unprofessional, terrible bedside manner! Don't risk it people...go to someone who cares and knows what they are doing! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	 I wasted valuable time seeing this doctor who did not recognize and did not even check for cancer because cysts are usually benign. I am so thankful for my new doctor who would never be so careless.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Humana
4	1	commentsShe saved my wife and baby. Very knowledgeable with high risk pregnancy. She recognized risk factors and provided excellent care. She also provided information on alternative treatments that helped. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	commentsDr. Eskam is not a life saver and only treats you for whatever is popular at the time.  She is worthless and I would have died had I not left Cheyenne and sought other avenues!!  I'm alive today, only thanks to the wonderful doctor I currently have!! 	2	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	comments 	4	1	2	1	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	commentsPrompt, caring, intelligent and resourceful. 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	 The number #1 best doctor I have ever trusted my children with..Dr.Ehler went above and beyond to care for my kids and to keep them heathly.If she didn't know much on something she would research it and then come put me at ease. Amazing doctor and such a wonderful woman. She is truly missed by my family but we will always be blessed to have known her.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
11	1	 I take my son to Ehler because she is very helpful and has 20+ years of experience in PIUC in the USA, as well as other countries. She doesn't downplay symptoms, rather she starts from the most serious and works down to the least serious. She gives each patient her cell phone number so that if you have a weekend emergency, you can contact her at home. She will answer her cell phone for that reason during your appointment, but I feel good that she cares that much about her patients, and is on call 24/7. She is very honest and has a lot of patience for kids. The wait time can be a little long, but it is well worth it, I would never take my son anywhere else. There is a lab there, so there isn't any waiting for results, it is done right there.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	comments 	5	4	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	commentsTechnically supberb, academically oriented, always seeks consultation with other doctors, absolutely kind and caring 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	 Dr.Ellis was with me for all four of my babie :) he is a great Doctor..  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
42	1	 Dr.Ellis is a great doctor i would diffently recromend him to anyone around this area he is the best!! i was totally uncomfertable they first day but he joked around with me and made me more comfertable to talk to him and we always joked around at appts.  which was nice! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
43	-1	commentsDr. Emory refused to treat a condition that I have been battling for over 5 years because he thought treatment would have been premature. Maybe he wasn't educated enough to treat me and maybe he was too proud to admit it.  Dr. Emory also said that i would never find another Doctor to treat my condition.  As of right now I am recovering from surgery and i have 100% of the feeling back in both of my legs.  I regret wasting all of the time and money spent trying to receive treatment from Dr. Emory. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
