dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
4	-1	 On numerous visits this physician has misdiagnosed my child and given ill guided information, at one visit when my child was very ill I was told his oxygen saturation being 82% was fine for a 3 year old.  I am a registered nurse and know this is not within normal limits.  	4	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	 Dr. D. is an exceptional doctor that treats patients with respect, candor, and appropriate time/interest/knowledge. She refers as needed to excellent specialists.  I recommend her whole-heartedly.  I respect her ability and have always benefited from her care.  She is my top rated doctor and I have seen plenty in my 63 years and moving around the world with my Army husband.  Do not hesitate to see her if you are looking for an internist.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
17	1	 awesome Dr. and staff were very helpful and courteous. latest technology.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	-1	 I grind my teeth at night and wear a mouth guard to prevent damage to my teeth. I have had to wear one for 15 years, and never has any insurance company covered this piece. I went to see this dentist, and he &quot;guaranteed&quot; me that my insurance would cover the mouth guard, and made impressions for one. I asked if they didn't cover it, how much it would cost, and he told me not to worry, it was covered. I received the guard and a $660 bill. When I said I didn't want it, he said the service was rendered and that I had to pay. I would never take my family back to this dentist, he is way over priced, and lies to get business. Previous mouth guards cost around $150 from other dentist.  I take my family to another local dentist, and their charge was $113 for the same thing!!!  Think twice before you go to Chris Davidson, they will scam you! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$660
21	1	 Jiri Danczik is the worst doctor I know. He was unprofessional beyond belief. I was at my lowest point healthwise when he asked me if I ever touched myself. I think he did this because he said he knew I thought him attractive. I am a mentally ill patient and I dont understand how a doctor can decide to mess with your mind. I never reported this because I did not want to make an issue of it because it was embarrassing but now I know that I did nothing wrong, but he did. I saw his report on healthgrades.com and he is a highly rated doctor on that site. I think it is because people trust him and like him just like I did. However, I think it is the doctors responsibility to try to make you better, not worse.  	4	4	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	-1	 Dr. Jiri Danczik was extremely unproffesional because he asked me inappropriate questions like &quot;Do I ****&#63;&quot;. He also gave me an overdose of my medications, zoloft and ambien. One time, he also he told me I was good looking. Furthermore, when I asked him about his background he angrily gave a vague and complicated answer. I really trusted him at first. He was very friendly at first and seemed to have good character. These incidences occured about one and a half years after I began the therapy, so that is why I trusted him. His behavior caused me to become very depressed. -Ruth Roybal 	1	4	1	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	commentsHe explains the medications he perscribes for me to take to treat my Asthma and lets me know the side effects involved. He has great bed side manners and I trust him with my health. Paid/Co-pay:$115	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	commentsDr. Davis is a preventive doctor who genuinely looks for ways to help.  Though sometimes pressed for time, when approached he's always taken time to discuss critical issues. 	3	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	 Seems to be friendly after the first couple of visits. Seems to be knowledgeable enough. Usually refers to a specialist.  	4	4	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	commentsI made an appointment with Dr. Donaldson after getting out of the hospital for a right arm dvt.  My GP was doing a great job with my INR checks, but I needed to have someone with a little more knowledge of dvts so my mind could be at ease.  He answered my page of questions.  He went above and beyond by calling a vascular surgeon in Salt Lake City to make sure his approach was right and if the pain I was feeling was normal.  Since I had the last appointment of the day the office shut down after I left.  He called back and left his cell number on my voice mail so I could call him back after hours to explain what the surgeon said. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	.  he is the best Chiropractor  i've been to i've seen alot in 20 yrs and he's been abolw to make it not hurt 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
39	1	 Dr. Davis is an excellent caring doctor.  With surgery, he was able to equalize the pressure in my ears.  I now can be in the mountains without my ears popping like pop corn.  Also, the surgery was a success in helping my sinuses drain.  Constant sinus infections are a thing in my past.  I highly recommend Dr. Davis.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	 Dobson knows his job and his fees are very reasonable.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
42	1	 Very nice person and he is very good at his job.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
46	1	.  best      doctor in town compassionate and helpful 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
47	1	 While it is our medical clinics policy not Dr. Demetrious. I am of the understanding that preffered providers are supposed to write off what money my insurance doesnt pay. I may hate our local medical clinic but I adore Dr. Demetriou and can not recommend him enough.  	2	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	-1	 Perhaps the other reviewer has not frequented this man in the last 12 to 18 months or longer.  They and everyone need to check outhttps://glsuite.ncmedboard.org/DataTier/Documents/Re...and it would not be surprising to see more such orders before much more time elapses.  Advice is to go somewhere else and stay far, far away from Day.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	.  Great Dr very knowledgeable friendly and concerned best Dr yet 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	commentsGreat care was received, doctors were very friendly and personalble, and very affordable! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
