dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	I was severely injured in an accident and he was the surgeon on call. He was wonderful about dealing with my severe injuries and explaining things to my famil and to me. He was compassionate, helpful and very good at what he did. He performed 6 surgeries to put me bck togehter and I am very pleased I would send anyone to him.  you wioll like him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
2	1	. Very friendly and very helpful! She listened well to all my needs 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	I live 100 miles away, and travel to stick with Dr. Hansen. Him and his staff have always provided the professional care, have been honest, and have excellent bedside manners. He has delivered my only child and performed surgery on me. I have had 2 of the same surgeries prior to seeing Hansen, and the recovery time and scars were not near as great as Hansen did. I will continue to see this doctor for his entire career, even if I move to NY and have to fly back to see him.  Him and his staff deserve 100 stars, they are the best of the best... and I am not easily pleased. My husband has 2 other kids, and he said our sons birth was such a better experience than the other doctor and hospital that his kids were born in. He was also very impressed and recommends him from his experience.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	The staff was great!!!!  Dr. Hansen is the most caring and helpful doctor I have ever seen.  They might run behind schedule, but he will give you all the time you need to have everything answered 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	I had a very horrible experience with this doctor, when I was experiencing a hormonal balance that was very traumatic.  I would not recommend him to anyone who is having excessive bleeding. I left his office crying. 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	I was referred to Dr. Hickner by my family physician when I was diagnosed with cervical dysplasia in 2001. I was facing surgery and very scared. Dr. Hickner was kind and reassuring and 2 days after the surgery called me personally with the test results to tell me the surgery had gone extremely well and not to worry. I haven't worried since and I have been grateful to keep him as my doctor. I highly recommend. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Very good doctor.  Caring and conscientious.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
4	1	I really like this doctor.  He has been very thorough and knowledgeable.  I have a history of uterine fibroids for which I had to have a major surgery several years ago.  He has made sure I keep up on my appointments, ultrasounds, etc.  He asks how I feel about specific symptoms, treatments, etc., rather than just dictating.  He never treats me like I'm asking dumb questions, etc.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	-1	He didnt even examine me when I came in for a second opinion. Just gave me pamphlets and sent me on my way, to come back and visit him a month later ...uh I am sick .. I need answers ..... oh yeah I was charged a co-pay for that too 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Dr Hughes is the best eye Doctor in Gillette hands down. He has been the greatest eye Doctor I have ever had. I have been in glasses for more than 40yrs, so I've seen my share of eye doctors in my life. I had lasik done on my eyes because Dr Hughes told me it would be life changing for me. He again was so so right. I can now see 20/15 and I was at -825 to - 850. Now all I need is readers. I would like to thank Dr Hughes and his staff FOR ALL THEY HAVE DONE FOR ME!!! Thank you soooo much 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Dr. Hughes is known to be the best eye doctor in Gillette--hands down.  If you want a doctor that will give you a very thorough exam-- he is the one.  The office help did a great job at being very attentive to my needs, and recommending glasses that look fabulous for my face frame.   Excellent experience!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
5	1	Due to an allergic reaction.  Dr. Hughes prescribed some drops, which I will forever be grateful for the relief. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Dr. Hughes and his Staff are amazing.  They have always been so helpful and knowledgeable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	I have been treated in this office for some time. I have always been treated with respect &amp; honesty. The staff have always been very helpful &amp; have been able to take care of my every need. Dr. Hughes has always had my best interests at heart &amp; has always made sure I understood any issue that might have arisen with my eyesight. He has always made time to answer any questions or concerns I might have had. I am grateful to each &amp; everyone for their kindness &amp; attention to my every need. I have never had to wait for more than a few minutes for the doctor. Each time I have needed my glasses fixed or even just cleaned, they always take care of my with a smile. Thank you. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	0	Two new pairs of perscription safety glasses w/ scratch resistant coatings.  Scratched very easily.  Staff initially refused replacement guaranty using the well-practiced &quot;they're scratch resistant, not scratch proof.&quot; I tried to joke, cajole, and push for replacement, and was not abusive and did not raise my voice. I was ultimately successful in getting replacement lenses for both pairs, but was told not to come back.  The staff villified me to the doctor who decided not to keep me as a patient.  He did not take the time to find out my side of the story.  From the time I entered the store to the time I left with my records, I felt that their main goal was to sell more stuff rather than provide eye care. This was the worst experience I have ever had with a health care provider. 	2	5	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	. very good and waiting time is short has real concerns for your health 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
7	1	You won't find a better doctor.  He has been right when the specialists have been wrong several times in the last 20 years of our family's medical life. 	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Wonderful caring, knowledgeable doctor. He always gets to know us as humans and how our lives affect our treatments and yes, he puts in long hours and always calls to go over lab results after the office closes. Because he is so popular, bring a good book and expect to wait in a crowded but comfortable waiting (living) room...often as much as two hours. Ask receptionist how far behind he is running and you can get your errands run and return. 	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	one of the most genuine Dr's I've ever met, been seeing him for 30 yrs. It may be difficult to get into his office, but it's cus he's trying to help everyone. he sometimes calls me at 9:30 at night to go over reports.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Assurant
8	1	Very effecient and knowledgable.He has help us in many way and he has done a better job than some specialists we have had. He  is great at answering your questions.  He always gives us great references if we  need them. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Professional, excellent in answering questions 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Doctor is very patient with you. Spends a long time talking with you to make sure you understand what is wrong and how he is going to help you. Very helpful and the staff is very understanding. This Doctor is great.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
10	1	My husband used Dr. Harris for his prostate cancer and we where very pleased with him.  Never had a long wait to see him.  He was very aprochable.  He took time with all our q1uestions and never was in a rush to get us out of his office.  He did and does a good followup routine.  Think very highly of him. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	i have been going to him for a very long time.  he helped me with the problems i was having at the time.  he cares about his patients, and helps them in any way he can.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	Very helpful and courteous, took time to answer all questions, very pleasant, good bed side manner, immediately recognized my problem and prescribed medication to correct, did not require additional trips to the Dr.  Staff was courteous and also very helpful.  Waited less than 10 minutes from the time I arrived unil he saw me.  Highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
11	-1	very poor interaction with patients and staff. very rude at times. 		1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	An outstanding doctor who follows through on his patients. Smart AND Quick He has been our family doc for years.  He works at Midway Clinic but also in our small town once a week because we are so rural.  He fits right in.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
13	-1	This dentist is horrible with getting angry when you let her know that something hurts tends to get very irritated at first and start to be extremely rude and rough on your mouth... I would not recommend this dentist to anyone ever!!!!! Thought the rest of the staff are very nice and caring...  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	-1	Very unprofessional. It took 3 weeks for results on a simple procedure.   Extremely poor service! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	Depending on the day I was seeing Dr. Haden, i received good or bad service.  Sometimes he seemed like he understood and other days like I was just a pain for him to see.  I think he is basically a good doctor but I need to pick and choose what and how I ask questions to get the answers I need.  	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
16	1	Very thorough, professional, and pleasant.  My daughters love him.  He's very good with kids. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	This doctor is awesome!  He's really nice, explains things, and got my glasses perfect.  The staff people were friendly, too.  And Doctor Hodgson is great with kids.  My daughter is shy, but she opened up and had fun.  Definitely recommended. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Some/Most of Dr. Hodgson's staff members are miserable acting and rude.  They are also inept.  Dr. Hodgson, on the other hand, seemed knowledgeable and courteous. 	1	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	 	1	1	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Competent and caring. Treats the person and the health condition.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	Is not afraid to recommend holistic remedies when traditional MD stuff doesn't work well.  Always takes plenty of time to discuss everything with you.  Best doctor I've ever had!  I drive 120 miles to see her.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	A 1 Dr Hedgecock listens while you explain the symptoms and is honest enough to send you to another doctor if she is unsure of the cause.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	She and her staff are extremely caring and helpful and are not clock watchers.  She will take as long as she needs to to make sure everything has been communicated.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	-1	I was not impressed with her care was not very willing to help with problems.....would never see her again..... would not take my dog to her!!! 	2	2	1	3 	Insurance:Medicare
19	-1	Disrespectful, overpriced, with unfriendly and very unhelpful staff.  Wouldn't send my worst enemy to this office. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Knowledgeable about bio-identical hormones, easy to talk to, listened to my concerns 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	She performed 2 c-sections on me in 1996 &amp; 2001 when I lived in Southern California and I loved her work.  Very skilled surgeon as far as baby deliveries. I was very pleased with her and her staff.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
19	1	I have used this Dr. for check-ups for over five years.  She has never suggested surgery for me.  She takes her time with me and is very caring.  	4	5	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	This dr performed a scope to find the problem.  Found the problem with the uterus as well as an ulcerated ovary, but did not go ahead and put a call into the insurance for permission to remove then.  When I woke up she informed me that I needed a hysterectomy.  I was just dumb enough to go back to her for it.  On the morning of my surgery, after we had already discussed that everything including BOTH ovaries were coming out, literally as they are wheeling me into the surgical area she starts saying how with my age one ovary should be left in...messing with your mind I like to call it.  Anyway, less than 3 years later...more female issues and almost suspect that all of the the fallopian tube wasn't removed causing a cyst to grow into a mass that spread into my vital organs.  I would not recommend her for surgery.  Get a second opinion. 	5	5	5	2 	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	she is always wanting to run new tests and do new surgeries. I saw her in 2004 in Riverton, wyoming ended up with a hysterectomy. When I was having issues afterwards she told me I needed a pschyatrist..........not impressed.. did several unessacery surgeries on me!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
19	-1	Do not go to her.  She mis-diagnosed me over a period of a year when she was practicing in Newport Beach, CA.  She also continually treated me for a yeast infection i did not have and even subjected me to a cervical biopsy for no reason! When I finally switched doctors, they couldn't believe my experience with doctor Hannaney.  I thought about suing her, or at least formally complaining somehow, but I just wanted to put the whole experience behind me.   She seemed like an okay person but not knowledgable and didnt want to take the time to find out what was really going on.  Steer clear.  Wish this website had been around then (this was like 6 years ago).  	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	Very good chiropractor. Also does accupuncture and homeopathy.  He got me off of prescription allergy meds and helped my migraines. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	He was very personal and down to Earth. Would recommend him to anyone whose child needs an ENT. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Dr. Haack was amazing.  He is very caring toward our daughter and he and his staff were very courteous.  The only time he was late was the morning of the surgery but it wasn't an issue overall.  The excessive amount we paid is due to a monopoly of the hospital on our town, not him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
21	1	. he fould what was wrong in no time and fixed it wright away 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
22	0	This physician has the poorest bedside manner I have seen in a doctor. He did not respond well to questioning and attempted to berate any of the family members who asked about the surgery performed. The family felt more confused before speaking to this doctor. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND! 	3	3	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	The best ever! Helped with migranes and worked to get my diabetes under control. Very caring! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Very pragmatic, personable and spends time listening to what you have to say. Got appointments in timely manner. Her nurse was just as personable and helpful. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	The best doctor we have every had, bar none.  A true delight!  We will never leave her.  We have the utmost faith and confidence in her.   Just wonderful!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	I have chronic and longstanding health issues necessitating multiple surgeries and numerous medications.  In addition to attentive, responsive & prompt care, Dr Hagemeyer is the first among more than a dozen doctors that have treated me on an ongoing basis, who supports my wish to take as few medications as possible.  His care & concern are evident the moment you meet him.  I recommend Dr Hagemeyer without reservation.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
25	1	Dr. Hardy has done surgery on myself and my 9 year old daughter and we both had great experiences.  She would like for him to be her regular dentist.  The staff out front is somewhat lacking, especially the bookkeeper but the surgical staff almost makes up for it.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
25	-1	Very good at simple tooth extractions but does not listen to patient complaints at all and does not seem to care about patient complaints.  &quot;Conversations&quot; are a monologue from the oral surgeon.  He keeps giving handouts and telling you you are fine.  If no problems arise, he's good.  Otherwise, you're left in pain and no where to go.  I will not go back to this person. (Especially for upper tooth extractions where holes in the sinus can be a problem.) 	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
