dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	GREAT JOB! I feel brand new. Dr. Neal is one of the nicest, and most knowledgable people I have ever met. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Dr. William Neal and Dr. Alvis Forbes performed hardware removal from a failed attempt to reattach my fibular head by Dr. Rork, and a derotational osteotomy on April 30th 2007 of a 44.1 degree femoral malrotation which was performed by Dr. Joshua Beck on my broken femur on January 11th 2007. Dr. Neal has a wonderfully simple, straight forward bedside manner backed by years of experience in the civilian world, and his financial gain seems to be at the least of his interests.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	So nice and such an amazing surgeon! All around the best experience I have had with a orthopedic professional after trying several other places. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	I had neck surgery and had an outstanding experience. I have done well and returned to all of my sporting activities.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	-1	My husband was with Dr. Niethammer for several years when he had a bad flare-up with his ulcerative colitis. Dr. Niethammer downplayed his symptoms and told us (to our faces) that &quot;sometimes these things are all in your head.&quot; My husband immediately changed doctors and ended up having his colon removed at Mayo Clinic because it was so diseased only 6 weeks after Dr. Niethammer made the above comment. We were VERY disappointed with his lack of concern for his patient. He seemed like he just wanted to get the session over with and didn't care about our questions or concerns. I would NEVER recommend him to anyone. 	3	4	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Dr. Nett is great! He is thorough, personable, and an all around great doctor. I trust him 100% and his staff is very nice. Highly recommended! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Dr. Nowicki is top of the line.  He was very attentive to my needs.  Offered good sound advice.  Because of him I was diagnosed &amp; received treatment while in the early stages with Prostate Cancer.  Great Doctor! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	I was new to the area and was recommended by family. I feel that Dr. Nowicki is outstanding in his profession. I felt that he was very attentive and caring. He offers advice from the simplest/least cost to the highest and makes you feel in control of the situation. I feel he is family oriented and truly cares for his patients. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	The lack of knowledge this nurse practitioner posses is scary, and to know she is working with not only children but elderly as well is even scarier! I would rather google my children's symptoms and self diagnose them before EVER taking them back to Brehan. She not only chose to give my child shots when he had a fever, but FAILED to tell me he had a fever until he ended up in the ER and I called confronting her about it. When confronted her bedside manners went out the window. She is not only unprofessional, but inexperienced and lacks knowledge in the medical field. If you care anything about your children, parents or yourself stay not only VERY FAR from Brehan but this entire practice! 	4	4	3	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	. He is very nice and helpful 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
8	1	This dentist cares about my chronic jaw pain and does his best to keep my jaw comfortable during visits.  His work is outstanding, gentle and pain free. Very nice.  Entire staff is the best.  The hygenists are all excellent and painless.  Everyone is a pleasure. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	Not good with kids. Overcharged for services. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Decided to try out the new dentist in tiwn after 25 years of going to the same guy. Dr nelson is the best dentist I've ever been to. He filled my cavities quickly and painlessly. I've been to him several times now and have never even felt when he gave me a shot. I haven't had any soreness or sensitivity since. He is very gentle and is all-around the best dentist I've had. I would recommend him to anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Spent a lot of time with me, very thorough.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	I feel he is very knowlegable and not afraid to refer you to a specialist when needed and very caring and follows up all all patients care, A good doctor patient relationship and puts you at ease.  He looks things up while he is with you to make sure he is right in the meds and diagnosis department.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
