dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	-1	This man is arrogant and tires of treating cronic conditions with ill concealed bordom and annoyance.  Don't go to him, period. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Don is extremely gentle and always treats me great. the downside is that he will not bill insurance, it eventually caused me to find another dentist. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Extremely nice and friendly. One of the best doctors I have ever encountered. He is very professional and is one of the few doctors that listens to his patients. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	She is great, very helpful. Made me feel confident and spent a lot of time explaining the procedure. I will go back to her. 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	I couldn't have asked for a better doctor for my first pregnancy. She answered all my questions thoroughly and provided me with all the information which helped me be prepared. I appreciate her very much.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
5	1	She delivered my first baby and was excellent with it and I made sure she delivered my second one 2 years later and she has never steered me wrong on anything!! I trust her more than I have ever trusted a dr. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Dr Russel was very helpfull.. He is very knowlegable and has the most current tools.  A little on the spendy side but well worth it.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Great surgeon. Good communication.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
8	1	I have been seeing Dr. Rupp as my primary care physician at the Casper VA for a couple of years. In my experience he is an outstanding physician. He is caring and shows concern for my health. He inspires trust and confidence. He is also warm and likable. Highly recommended. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Dr. Rupp is an amazing Doctor. He goes above and beyond, actually he spoils his patients with time and devotion.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
9	1	Dr Rogers was very thoughtful, and took the time to not only develop a plan of care, she reviewed my history in great detail. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	0	very detailed 	3	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	.  	3	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Dr Reeb is very knowledgeable and answers all questions.  He takes the time needed to  be sure that you are well taken care of .  Highly recommend him.  	 6/2/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
10	-1	I have been a patient of Dr Reeb for almost 2 years.  I have between moderate and severe copd and am on oxygen 24/7.  He has never done a pulmonary function test or any other test having to do with my lungs other than 1 chest xray.  He comes in the exam room and studies his computer moniter and seems to be preoccupied more with losing weight than with the copd or associated problems.  	3	2	2	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
10	-1	I went to this Cheyenne Dr. with a &quot;9&quot; pain level in my abdomen.  He did not even do a physical exam (pressing on abdomen ). No blood work was done! The next day in the E.R. of a Pueblo hospital, my LDH was 2579, my CA at 10.4, my AST at 784, ALK PHOS was 162, ALT was 634..these levels were off the chart, and I was at a 50/50 chance of survival-- we found out in just one day after this visit with Dr. Reeb.  Dr. Reeb's treatment for me that day I saw him was to give me a sample of Nexium and sent me on my way; after which I ended up the next day in critical condition in an out of town hospital from Gall Bladder Disease.  My advice&#63;Do not trust any doctor if you come away feeling you were &quot;shorted on your care&quot; and keep your eyes, ears open, go with your gut, and if you aren't sure this doctor did the right thing by you, then see another, don't take a chance.  He is pre-occupied and not focused on you with the exception of when he is looking at his computer mon 	2	2	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	He will charm you with his personality but please do your research and find a doctor who knows what he is doing.  He did a simple Spinal Cord Stimlator surgery on me.  When things went wrong he stopped talking to me.  I ended up in ICU the day after surgery to have emergency laminectomy to reduce the swelling from the mistakes he made.  Damaged my dura, caused nerve root damage, and now I am left with severe pain around my chest due to his grave surgical mistakes.  He refuses to talk about what mistakes he made.  Had surgery a year later to remove the stimulator and redo the laminectomy which he improperly performed.  PLEASE do not let him even get a knife close to your body as you will regret it.  When things go wrong he runs the other direction.   Do not put your life in this mans hands!!!!!!!!!!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
11	0	If you are on medicare, GO to someone else. He will do the job but not as good. He is in it for the money. Same on him.  	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Medicare
11	1	When I went on medicare there was a change. I had neck surgery and he or no one explain what I can't do. He did my back sugery 3 yrs ago. He no longer takes responsablty for my drop foot. Nor does he for my neck. The hospital even treated me diffent because on Medicare. Try to get pain bills from his nurses are impossible. I'm very dissappointed in him and his staff. I no longer will recomend him. I will go to Loveland know. Manly because of his  one nurse. No one called to tell me when my neck surgery was or anything. I had to do that on my own. I'm done with him and that staff of his.  	1	4	4	5 	Insurance:Medicare
11	1	Dr. Reckling did my back in 'o8' so when my neck stating up, I went to him. He did my next. When it heals I will not have any scare. I tell everyone about him. He is the best doctor I every went to.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
11	1	I was in extreme pain for years! Every doctor I went to dismissed me and told me I was too young to have these problems, and one even told me it was all in my head!  I went to Reckling after suffering for years.  We tried everything, surgery was the last resort and I am so glad I did! I feel great and its been 2 years and still feel great. Never a problem. I cant thank the man enough! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	He did my second surgery on my L4, L5, and S1. I have never seen a dr. that cared so much. My first surgery was down south and it was done by a ****. I just can't say enough good things about Dr. Reckling. I'm sorry for the other people that had problems but I didn't. I'm 54 yrs old and he took such good care of me and explain everything to me and my husband. Had my back done Jan.08 and I'm going back to get my neck done. I also tell everyone I can about him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
11	1	He was very concerned about me and did not seem to be in a rush to cut on me like another surgeon.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
11	1	Dr. Reckling was wonderful to me. He took a great deal of time listening to me & then an equal amount of time for the physical exam. I ended up having a 2 level cervical spine fusion.  The surgery was quick & my pain was better immediately. I see him annually & I am doing great. Dr. Reckling has been kind & concerned about my progress. I am quite young to have had a herniated disc without injury, the disc above was degenerative as well. I had been in pain for quite some time & had seen 3 other orthopedic surgeons who missed the diagnosis. My next problem was elbow pain & I went in to see Dr. Reckling, I was diagnosed & treated nonoperatively with an injection. A few years later I had severe pain in my pelvis during pregnancy, I could hardly walk. Dr. Reckling encouraged PT because he did not want to jeopardize my baby. He also did not want to give me an MRI because of my baby. I ended up fine after some PT and am eternally grateful to Dr. Reckling for such continued great care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
11	1	Great doctor. He did a fine job on my cervical fusion. I am no longer in pain.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	In 2000 at 31 he did a discectomy. I still was in pain 2 years later. He dismissed my pain. Luckily I moved to Washington State and went to a dr here to find out if this was normal. This Dr told me that I should consider a lawsuit. He did a proceedure on me that is not practiced in the USA anymore due to the fact it does not have high sucess rate. All Dr Reckling had to do was listen to my complaints about pain. He thought I was faking it or wanted more drugs. The Dr here was able to fix his mistakes. One of the screws Reckling had put in was just sitting there not screwed into anything. I was bone on bone. Please get a second opinion. I am not lawsuit happy. I did not sue. I am healthy now. If you are just going on personality and not skill he is a really nice man. Good luck.  	3	2	4	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	-1	. you may as well get a knife and do it yourself he is nothing like his father a good docter worried about his patient not money the boy only cares about money 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	Great doctor. helped me in making surgical decision 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	He said if he couldn't operate on me he couldn't make enough money to keep me a patient so he refered me elsewhere after expencive xrays and office visits 		1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	The other review is completely unfair to the doctor as you have never seen him before you shouldn't have rates him so low.  As a patient of his I have had an excellent experience.  I had a breast augmentation and have amazing results and am extremely happy.  The doctor is very friendly and spent a lot of time explaining everything to me.  The office staff is very friendly and extremely helpful.  The surgery center was really really nice.  I cannot say enough about the positive experience that I had.  I was very worried going to my initial consultaion but the office eased all of my worries, and i had an excellent experience and an even better outcome. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Dr Rork is a top rate doc! He has operated on me several times with success! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Dr Rok is friendly, personable and an excelent surgeon 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	I hired Dr. Rork to troubleshoot and repair a torn meniscus and to &quot;resurface&quot; a portion of the knee joint which had been damaged 30 years previous in the military. Dr. Rork was at all times; professional, courteous, knowledgable and occasionally humorous. Post-op was efficient and lacked drama. Staff was very supportive and knowledgable. Dr. Rork is quite possibly the best there is. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	wasn't able to answer questions about the treatment he was giving me. told me to look it up under webmd. I did and I didn't find anything.  	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Tricare
15	1	Dr. Ripley and his staff were very helpful in every aspect of my dental work, I have not had any problems with the implants I go on the top, feel almost natural, look better than my orginal teeth, looking forward to getting my next set of implant on the bottom when I can afford them. Thank you Dr. Ripley you and everyone there are the best.I recommend that anyone wanting a great Dr. and knowelegable staff to see him, I had very little brusing and believe having 9 teeth the first time around taken out and 9 the last time would have brusied pretty bad but really nothing I've had darker circles under my eyes from lack of sleep your awesome. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	My dentist referred me to Dr. Ripley to have my wisdom teeth out. First time I met Ripley, I was immediately at ease with him. He explained the procedure, the sedation process, EVERYTHING in details with me, and made sure I understood everything. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	Bum, Don't Know What He Is Doing, Never Gives Referral Or Advice On Medications,To Busy With His Other Interest,Medical,Hobbies,Dos Not Recommend Any Medication To Relief Any Pain At All, Need Another Doctor In Town To Give This Guy Some Competition... 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Talented and skilled chiropractor. I had severe pain and limited use of my thumb. Dr Richardson gave me a treatment along with acupuncture. I went from zero use of my thumb to total use with little pain within a day. What a blessing! I would certainly use Dr. Richardson in the future. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr. Richardson could feel your back and know where it's hurting.  It's been about 6 yrs since I lived in Cody, but he was the best!  I am now in need of a good chiropractor in Casper.  I would almost drive to Cody to see Doc Richardson if I could get off of work. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Very approachable, knowledgeable, and great bedside manner.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
18	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
