dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
2	-1	commentsShe wanted to do several unnecessary procedures, including removing a skin tag from the back of one of my molars (which had recently grown in and the tag went away on its own).  If I had done all the procedures she wanted, it would have gone through all my insurance for the year (it was only January) and cost an additional $2100 out of my pocket!  After going to a different dentist, they agreed that all I needed was the normal cleaning.  The staff was rude and actually hung up on me when I called to request a copy of my records! 	2	3	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	commentsDr Kleppinger has been my kids pediatrician for 4 years. He is always ready to see them, helpful in that he anwsers my questions. My children like him very much, he has a good dr patient manner. 	5	5	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	 Dr. Klingler is the best OBGYN to come to Laramie. He is professional, his punctuality isnt the best but overall he is wonderful he made sure I fully understood all procedures and that he answered any and all questions I had. :) I would reccommend him to anyone any day of the week.  	3	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
26	1	 I had an ectopic pregnancy at 5-6 wks and Dr. Kaan performed emergency surgery.  During surgery he also found two large ovarian cysts and my ohter fallopian tube was closed so he went ahead and opened it as well.  He and his staff followed up well and I was very happy with him.  I know have switched over to him as my regular OBGYN doctor.  I would recommend him to anyone.  	5	5	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	commentstakes time to answer questions &amp; inform. She's saving my life or at least my marriage. I wish everyone could see a doctor like her 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	 I found Dr Katz to be excellent in all areas relating to his professionalism; extending care,concern,and follow up. He fully expained the colonoscopy procedure and was &quot;down to earth&quot; in his approach. He performed the procedure at Sheridan Surgical Center where the staff were exceptional. This was a 5 star experience coming from someone who stays as far away from Doctors and hospitals as only possible. Wonderful Doctor and staff.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	-1	 jumped to conclusions, no real tests just guess work and started stuffing me full of meds.  I don't recommend this doc to anyone.  	1	5	1	1	Insurance:Assurant
31	1	 Great sense of humor. Made me feel totally at ease. Very knowledgable and great followup.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
31	1	 Dr.  Katz discovered my Celiacs diease through a survey with Mayo clinic 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
33	1	commentsAll of them are wonderful!  I actually look forward to my cleanings - not because of the scraping, but because everyone on staff is wonderful to visit with.  The hygenists and dentists have a soft touch and even when doing fillings or pulling wisdom teeth, they take care to keep any discomfort to a minimum. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	commentsthey treat me very well 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	 This doctor has done three surgeries on me, TWO brain surgeries, he is the total best, I would suggest him to anyone, and the only reason I give him a 4 for Punctuality is because there are days he is just to busy and he always takes the time needed for each patient. I have been seeing him for 6-7 years and everything that I question he answers, I go in for my wrist nerves here soon and I have full confidence. I feel real bad for the person who did not do so well. I am very greatfull for Dr. K. The first brain surgery was to get a biopsy of my Cancer, he had to literally unfold my brain to get to it, the second was due to the brain swelling and fracturing my skull. Total success.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
34	-1	commentsDr. Kopitnik did a 2 level fusion on my lower back in 2009.  I am now on total disability and still looking for answers.  He said &quot;I don't know what you want me to do&quot;   WELL...I wanted you to not cut the nerve on l4,l5 when you did the fusion.  I am now looking at a lifetime of pain.  PLEASE BE CAREFUL AND GET ANOTHER OPINION IF YOU ARE GOING TO HIM.....PLEASE 	5	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	 Overall, he helped me make improvements for a herniated disc (L5/S1).  I did find that he took little time with me and was not &quot;available&quot; to answer questions.  His staff would take messages and relay responses.  I felt like a pill of a patient when in reality, a little communication would have relieved my stress and worry.  I did like how they were able to get me in quickly.  	5	5	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	1	 Dr. Kearns is amazing! SO knowledgeable, and very skilled at her trade. I would definitely recommend her.  She is easily the best chiropractor I've ever seen- and believe me, I've seen a lot!! 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$70
83	1	commentsBest chiropractor I have ever been too. I have a long history of back problems. He is very knowledgeable and communicates well. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	commentsExcellent manner, very understanding and very knowledgeable. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
